SALES ENGINEER: - SANDIN INDONESIA, PT | jobsDB Indonesia
INDONESIA
Post Date 06-May-14
jobsDB Ref. JID200003001122308 Employer Ref.
rhea041113
SANDIN INDONESIA, PT
Sandin Group is a big integrated enterprise with a collective business scope of trade, logistics, engineering and manufacturing, guided by a business philosophy of "integrity, responsibility, teamwork, quality, and efficiency”, committed to the service of petroleum, petrochemical, power construction and other industries. Established in June 2007, Sandin, which embraces the prospering Indonesian economy in recent years, consists of four Indonesia-based companies (SANDIN INDONESIA, SANDIN CARGO, NIAGARA MASJAYA, and SANDIN ENGINEERING), a China-based company (Shanghai Chuping Trade Corporation), and a Singapore-based company (SANDIN INT’L). Through tireless efforts over the years Sandin wins long-term and stable customers. The incomparable all-round service brings draws an excellent reputation. Sandin today is a large, influential, and competitive enterprise in Indonesia whose service is of global coverage, which lays a solid foundation in the globalization of the company.To better serve our customers and thrive at the beginning, Sandin Group has attained a wide range of professional licenses: such as API, NIK, NPIK, Qualification for Construction Contracting - Grade 7 (the highest grade in Indonesia), ISO-9001 and so on. Therefore Sandin is able to provide customers with the best quality and the most efficient service in the professional field. Our partners are from Europe, North America, Australia, Southeast Asia and China. In addition, Sandin brings together the industry elites from around the world. Consummate management mode, first-class management level, professional teams, full coverage of the network management, and timely and unhindered operation channels ensure Sandin for the ability to provide the best project and service to our customers in the fields of trade procurement, freight logistics and engineering construction.To embrace a brighter future, Sandin will continuously serve our clients and society, with advanced ideas, professional attitude, efficient actions and reliable quality.Human resources are the greatest asset of ours. We respect knowledge and innovation from time to time, and strive for a fair, transparent and cooperative working environment. We protect employees' rights and interests and provide them with a development platform and space to align and harmonize their values with the values of the company.We are looking for A
SALES ENGINEER:
Requirement:Age below 40 years oldFluent in English and IndonesianMinimum Diploma III in Marketing, Bussiness Min. 2 years working experience in sales industryHave good knowledge in lighting productsIndependent, cooperative, team player, details oriented, fast learnerWilling to work at Duri Available immediatelyPlease send your resume to: PT. SANDIN GROUPGEDUNG SENATAMA 4 TH FLOOR (ROOM 403)JL. KWITANG RAYA NO.8JAKARTA 10420Website:
Career LevelMiddle Yr(s) of Exp2 years QualificationDiploma IndustryEnergy/Power/Water/Oil & Gas/Waste Management Job Function >
>
>
Location Riau
SalaryBase salary + high commission
Employment TypeFull Time, Permanent
-
is a part of , , , , ,
in  placed by . Keywords:
Tools
Copyright © 1998-2014, jobsDB Inc. All Rights Reserved.
|