Associate - CC BI & System Analyst Job, Lahore, Mobilink GSM (PMCL) - ROZEE.PK
|
View all jobs from
Associate - CC BI & System Analyst
,
Islamabad
|    |    |
Your application has been submitted successfully. Employer may contact you on .
Not a Member?
Upload your CV to apply for this job.
Step 1/2: Upload Your CV
CV Uploading...
Already a Member:   Login below
Find people you may know at Mobilink GSM (PMCL)
Job Detail
More Jobs From:
Industry:
Multinational
Functional Area:
Total Position:
3
Job Type:
Full Time/Permanent
Department:
CC Business Intelligence Team
Job Location:
,
Gender:
Doesn't Matter
Minimum Education:
Bachelor's Degree
Degree Title:
Hold at least a Bachelor's degree. Master’s degree in IT/Computer Sciences, Telecommunications will be preferred.
Career Level:
Officer
Minimum Experience:
1 Year (Have 1 to 2 years’ experience in software development, database administration and database development.)
Apply By:
May 9, 2014
Job Posting Date:
May 2, 2014
Jobs from Similar Employers
Job Description:
The ideal candidate should:Hold at least a Bachelor's degree. Master’s degree in IT/Computer Sciences, Telecommunications will be preferred.Have 1 to 2 years’ experience in software development, database administration and database development.Job Description:Develop, implement, maintain and administer database and application.Develop and administer data security and backup.Maintain secure user access to database and application.Develop and implement database developments according to standards and policies.Support and provide direction to stake holders for development of applications and system integration.Troubleshoot problems from application server, application and database integrations and users of applications.Develop ETL tasks in DTS & SSIS.Write complex SQL queries and stored procedures.Implement operating system, database and application upgrades.Troubleshoot and tune database and application.Communicate with co-workers and confer with them to determine the impact of database and application changes on other systems.Install, configure and administrate database and application backup by implementing backup policies and procedure for database and application and infrastructure.Carry out any other tasks assigned by direct superior/head of department.Essential SkillsSound knowledge of SQL queriesKnowledge about stored procedures, UDF, ETL development, database administration and backupsDesirable SkillsOracle or SQL certificationStrong knowledge of SQL, Server OS Administration and SQL BIExcellent communication skillsProficiency in MS Office Suite
ROZEE.PK
Would you like to receive free alerts for similar jobs?
Email:
Job Seekers
Send FeedbackWe would like to hear from you.
Copyright ©2014 ROZEE.PK - Jobs in Pakistan
- All Rights Reserved. - A Division of Naseeb Networks, Inc.
Reproduction of material from any ROZEE.PK pages without permission is strictly prohibited.
|
|
|
|