Associate - CC Application Developer Job, Lahore, Mobilink GSM (PMCL) - ROZEE.PK
|
View all jobs from
Associate - CC Application Developer
,
Islamabad
|    |    |
Your application has been submitted successfully. Employer may contact you on .
Not a Member?
Upload your CV to apply for this job.
Step 1/2: Upload Your CV
CV Uploading...
Already a Member:   Login below
Find people you may know at Mobilink GSM (PMCL)
Job Detail
More Jobs From:
Industry:
Multinational
Functional Area:
Total Position:
3
Job Type:
Full Time/Permanent
Job Location:
,
Gender:
Doesn't Matter
Minimum Education:
Bachelor's Degree
Degree Title:
Hold at least a Bachelor's degree. Master’s degree in IT/Computer Sciences will be preferred.
Career Level:
Officer
Minimum Experience:
2 Years
Apply By:
May 9, 2014
Job Posting Date:
May 2, 2014
Jobs from Similar Employers
Job Description:
The ideal candidate should: Hold at least a Bachelor's degree. Master’s degree in IT/Computer Sciences will be preferred. Job Description: Responsible for building and working on enterprise grade software systems on top of the Microsoft .NET development stack and Android based mobile applications. Provide technical support and leadership through coaching and mentorship to team membersEnsure the applications development team delivers a professional, customer focused and high performing development service in line with agreed service scope and service levels.Assist with professional development of team members to enhance skills and promote cross-skilling.Carry out effective and timely performance management of the applications development team members in line with organization policy.Provide support, coaching and mentoring to applications development team members to ensure that all objectives and commitments are fulfilled in line with expectations, agreements and standards.Maintain and continually improve application and software delivery methods and standards across all projects.Ensure quality management processes to the team’s activities are followed, e.g. ensuring all developed and supported applications are robust, fully tested, of high quality and fit for purpose.Develop and maintain professional credible relationships with key internal stakeholders, including relevant third parties.Recommend and assist with developing improvements around processes, tools, standards and the overall quality of work produced by the applications development team.Work with the business analysis and database management teams to refine and assess business and functional requirements and specifications.Maintain version control, configuration and defect management activities for all code developed.Lead application development staff and key users in defining, agreeing and implementing test plans for new and amended functions, and documenting outcomes.Ensure that unit and systems testing are undertaken to required standards and work with the testing function to ensure that ongoing releases of code/solutions meet agreed requirements and are fit for purpose.Ensure changes to baseline requirements are effectively applied through the appropriate change control processes and tools.Assist (where agreed) the applications support team with resolving day-to-day second and third line production support calls and recommend and develop fixes and alternative solutions where practicable.Produce weekly/monthly management information to projects and IT management in respect to development activities.Promote good practices; standards and compliance to standards with all aspects of system / software design and integration.Undertake other such duties, at any location, as assigned by director customer care. Essential Skills Sound knowledge of SQL queriesKnowledge about stored procedures, UDF, ETL development, database administration and backups Desirable Skills Oracle or SQL certificationStrong knowledge of SQL, Server OS Administration and SQL BIExcellent communication skillsProficiency in MS Office Suite
ROZEE.PK
Would you like to receive free alerts for similar jobs?
Email:
Job Seekers
Send FeedbackWe would like to hear from you.
Copyright ©2014 ROZEE.PK - Jobs in Pakistan
- All Rights Reserved. - A Division of Naseeb Networks, Inc.
Reproduction of material from any ROZEE.PK pages without permission is strictly prohibited.
|
|
|
|