Purchasing Staff Jobs in Jakarta Raya, DKI Jakarta - PT Faber Castell International Indonesia
Get the latest jobs sent right to your inbox
|
|
False
Welcome to careerbuilder UK, where we can offer you local content. Would you like to go back to careerbuilder US?
False
Welcome to careerbuilder UK, where we can offer you local content. Would you like to go back to careerbuilder US?
Search :
Keywords :
Top Cities:
State:
Purchasing Staff | Jakarta Raya, DKI Jakarta
PT Faber Castell International Indonesia
|
Job Snapshot
Location
:
Jakarta Raya, DKI Jakarta
Employee Type
:
Full-Time
Education
:
Bachelor's Degree
Experience
:
At least 1 year(s)
Post Date
:
19/04/2014
Contact Information
Ref ID
:
CS008-19/02/2014
Similar Jobs
Location:
Jakarta Raya, DKI Jakarta Jobs
Industries:
Description
Faber-Castell is one of the world’s leading manufacturers of high-quality products for writing, colouring and creative design. The international group of companies was originally founded over 250 years ago (in 1761) as a pencil factory in Stein near Nuremberg, Germany. It is thus one of the oldest industrial companies in the world; in its 8th generation now, the company is headed by Count Anton Wolfgang von Faber-Castell. Today, the Faber-Castell group produces over 2 billion black-lead and colour pencils every year, making it the world’s largest pencil manufacturer
Job Description :
Menerima laporan kebutuhan barang perusahaan untuk supplier lokal maupun import Melakukan rencana pembelian barang Melakukan pencarian supplier sesuai dengan barang yang dibutuhkan Melakukan seleksi supplier dengan parameter : status perusahaan, kualitas barang yang dihasilkan, harga dan lokasi perusahaan Melakukan negosiasi harga Membuat dokumentasi pembelian Mengkoordinir supplier dan informasi ke bagian gudang dalam hal pengiriman barang Memonitor pengiriman barang yang dilakukan supplier agar tepat waktu Menangani barang reject (penukaran/pengembalian barang ke supplier) Menyediakan dokumen yang dibutuhkan accounting untuk proses pembayaran Memonitoring PO yang dibuat (status ETD & ETA PO) Melakukan filing dokumen Melakukan tugas lain yang berhubungan dengan pekerjaan Membuat evaluasi supplier
Menerima laporan kebutuhan barang perusahaan untuk supplier lokal maupun import Melakukan rencana pembelian barang Melakukan pencarian supplier sesuai dengan barang yang dibutuhkan Melakukan seleksi supplier dengan parameter : status perusahaan, kualitas barang yang dihasilkan, harga dan lokasi perusahaan Melakukan negosiasi harga Membuat dokumentasi pembelian Mengkoordinir supplier dan informasi ke bagian gudang dalam hal pengiriman barang Memonitor pengiriman barang yang dilakukan supplier agar tepat waktu Menangani barang reject (penukaran/pengembalian barang ke supplier) Menyediakan dokumen yang dibutuhkan accounting untuk proses pembayaran Memonitoring PO yang dibuat (status ETD & ETA PO) Melakukan filing dokumen Melakukan tugas lain yang berhubungan dengan pekerjaan Membuat evaluasi supplier
Requirements
Maksimal 30 tahun Pendidikan minimal S1 segala jurusan dengan IPK minimal 2,75 Dapat berbahasa Inggris (lisan dan tertulis) dan Mandarin (minimal pasif) Pengalaman dibidangnya minimal 1 tahun, fresh graduate diperkenankan melamar Dapat mengoperasikan komputer (Ms. Word, Excel, Power Point) Memiliki kemampuan negosiasi yang baik Jujur dan teliti
All applications will be treated confidentially & only short listed candidates will be notified
Please click "Apply Now" button to apply
Mohon diperhatikan bahwa CareerBuilder Indonesia tidak memungut biaya apapun kepada pencari kerja sebagai persyaratan untuk dapat diterima bekerja. Apabila terjadi perusahaan meminta anda untuk mengirimkan sejumlah uang untuk berbagai alasan. Mohon untuk dapat melakukan konfirmasi terlebih dahulu ke pihak CareerBuilder Indonesia. Dan apabila terjadi pengiriman uang kepada pihak perusahaan dari pihak pencari kerja, maka dengan ini pihak CareerBuilder Indonesia menyatakan bahwa kami tidak bertanggung jawab atas hal tersebut.  Terima kasih.   CareerBuilder.co.id - lowongan kerja job search pekerjaan vacancy karir career informasi iklan info pekerjaan jobs loker gawe vacancies karir karier kesempatan opportunities lamaran lamar jobseeker job seeker cv resume apply perusahaan employer pencari kerja job board job portal situs lowongan situs pekerjaan beriklan Purchasing Staff PT Faber Castell International Indonesia di Indonesia Jakarta Raya
purchasing procurement merchandising officer staff executive eksekutif staf Bachelor Degree
People who applied to this job also applied to
.
PT Faber Castell International Indonesia.
PT Tiga Berlian Electric.
PT Nasional High Harapan Bangsa.
PT Global Dent.
PT Tirta Amarta.
PT Persada Cipta Prima.
PT Persada Cipta Prima.
PT Bukit Berlian Plantations.
PT Fajar Gemilang Semesta.
PT Laju Perdana Indah |
|
Keep
Alert
are being added all the time.
You can setup job alert so you're first to know about future roles
Keyword
Location
Email
Category
Account Management
Accounting
Admin - Clerical
Advertising - Public Relations
Advertising/Media Buying
Aeronautical
Aesthetics
Agriculture
Architecture
Arts - Culture
Audit
Aupair-BabySitting-Household
Automotive
Aviation
Banking
Beauty Care
Biotech
BPO-KPO
Brand/Product Mgmt
Business Development
Business Opportunity
Call Center
Channel/Distribution
Chemical
Commerce-Merchandising
Compensation & Benefits
Construction
Construction Engineering - Architecture - Surveying
Consultant
Consumer
Consumer Banking
Consumer services
Corporate
Corporate Banking
Corporate service
Credit & Loan
Customer Service
Data Entry
Dealer/Trader
Design
Digital/Online Marketing
Distribution - Shipping
Driver
Early Childhood
Education
Electrical/Electronics
Energy, Oil & Gas
Engineering
Entry Level
Environment
Environment - Nature Science
Event Management
Executive
Facilities
Fashion Accessories
Fashion Design
Finance
Financial Controller
Fitness - Beauty Treatment
Franchise
Freight Services
Gen Insurance/ Underwriting/Claims
General Business
General Labor
Government
Government - Federal
Grocery
Guard-Security services
Health Care
Hospitality - Hotel
Human Resources
Industrial & Production
Industry
Information Technology
Installation - Maint - Repair
Insurance
Interior Design
Internal Sales
International Assignment Job
Internet-E-Comerce
Internship
Inventory
Investments/Fund Mgmt
IT-Administration
IT-Hardware
IT-Management
IT-Software/Development
Landscape
Legal
Legal Admin
Luxury and Fashion
Maintenance
Management
Manufacturing
Maritime
Marketing
Mechanical Engineering
Mechatronics
Media - Journalism - Newspaper
Media Production
Medical/Life Science
Military
Multimedia/Web
NGO-Social Services
Nonprofit - Social Services
Nurse
Office Operations
Oil Gas On-Offshore
Other
Part Time
Pharmaceutical
Police - Security - Defence
Principal/Management
Production Assembly Line
Professional Services
Project Management
Publishing
Purchasing - Procurement
QA - Quality Control
Real Estate
Receptionist
Research
Research & Development (R&D)
Restaurant - Food Service
Retail
Sales
Sales Support/Coordination
Science
Secretary
Security
Security Clearance
Senior Management
Shipping
Site Engineering
Skilled Labor - Trades
Sports - Entertainment
Statistics-Market research
Strategy - Planning
Structural/Civil
Supply Chain
Teaching
Technician
Telecommunications
Telesales/Telemarketing
Temporary work
Textile and Apparel
Tourism / Restaurant-Food Service / Security
Trading/Wholesale
Training
Training/Development
Transportation
Travel - Leisure - Tourism
Valuation
Veterinary Services
Volunteering
Warehouse
Work at Home
Working abroad
We keep your email secure, you can view our
here if you are unsure.
Not interseted today? No problem click here to ignore this message.
Sign-up successful
You'll soon be recieving the latest information requested and you can update you email
preferences via the message preferences links found in the emails you recieve.
Help
Employers: 021.2525605
Fax: 021 2525606
templates
CareerBuilder.co.id
Top Sectors
Top Cities
CareerBuilder International