Thiess Contractors Indonesia Jobs: 5 Positions
|      |      |
|
|
|
|
|
|
Thiess Contractors Indonesia Jobs: 5 Positions
Page 1 of 2
Thiess Contractors Indonesia (TCI) is a multinational company with over 9,500 employees throughout our projects in Indonesia. Our people are our keys to success. Our business has been providing integrated mining and construction services in civil, process facilities and mining across Indonesia for over 25 years. At TCI, we believe it’s our people who have made us one of the largest Construction and Mining Contractors in South East Asia. We have grown to become one of the most respected contracting companies in the region. We are recognized for our safe, professional attitude and for delivering what we say we will deliver. We are currently taking applicants for the following positions:
Specialist Contracts Construction - Jakarta Based
Responsibilities
ADVERTISEMENT
You will responsible to execute the contracts administration activities in constriction area specifically for tender and awarding process
Respond to contract performance issues
Manage and coordinates the flow of information concerning contractual appointments, termination and contractual related correspondence to suppliers and sites
Respond any contract enquiries from clients / sites and other department
Periodically review operational procedures to assure maintenance of confidentially of both document files and data systems
Justify tender cost savings
Negotiate with suppliers on contractual disputes
Monitor supplier & subcontractor performances during contract period.
Requirements
Bachelor degree in Civil Engineering with 2-3 years’ experience in contract related In Road Construction area
Knowledge of Construction preferable in Road Construction, Tendering Process, Business Contract Drafting, Purchasing Experience
Will attend a lot of face to face meetings with Vendors, end users / construction project team and also internal Supply Chain
Strong skills in communication, leadership, problem solving and negotiation
Self-motivated, have a good planning skill and high initiatives
Fluent in English both oral as well written and computer literacy.
Senior Developer PL / SQL APEX - Jakarta Based
Reporting to the Software Development Manager you will be responsible for the maintenance, enhancement and support the software deployed by the ICT team by performing effective analysis, design, and development and testing to meet the requirements of the department and the users of the systems
Requirements
Minimum 2 - 4 years’ experience in a software development role.
Preferred Experience in Oracle Application Express (APEX)
Demonstrated Experience in:
Oracle Database: SQL; PL / SQL; Database modelling and conceptual design
Web Development: HTML; CSS; JavaScript and JS frameworks (jQuery, ExtJS, etc).
Oracle BI Publisher: Writing data models and report templates
TAFE or Tertiary Studies in Information Technology or equivalent demonstrated experience.
Good English language skills - Oral and Written.
Senior Business Development for Oil and Gas - Jakarta Based
The scope of your role will include but not be limited to:
Establish, develop and maintain relations with people across the renewable energy / mining industry by setting appointments for Business Development team to attend, facilitating entertainment and attending industry events.
Record activities and information into Business Development Management System in order to track frequency and nature of contact.
Provide monthly activity report and presentations as required.
Establish a relationship mapping process which identifies and documents the key decisions makers and influences within an organization.
Undertake information sourcing activities to identify the key people in each company.
ADVERTISEMENT
Update key contacts list and create new relationship map for any new prospect and update current ones.
Work collaboratively and meticulously for prequalification and tender submissions.
Requirements
Relevant degree in formal education
Fluent in verbal and written English
Five year experience in similar role in oil and gas or related field
Experience with client relationship, database system, relationship mapping, market research and segmentation and trade-off analysis experience is desirable.
1
SPONSORED LINK
POSTING LOWKER
TERBARU
UPDATE LOWKER
TERPOPULER
STATISTIK
Copyright © 2008 - 2014 jobsID.co. All Rights Reserved.
Casino Bonus at