CareerSpace | Job Updates: Customs Manager | Unilever - Indonesia
Wednesday, April 30, 2014
Customs Manager | Unilever - Indonesia
Job Title: Customs Manager.
Location: Indonesia.
Company: Unilever.
Job Summary:
Description:1.Provides advice and guidance to all levels of the organization regarding structuring of export and import transactions, customs duties etc.2.Provides technical advice on matters such as classification, valuation, record keeping, country of origin, duty drawback, pre-entry review, post-entry review, broker management, and/or export controls.3.Develops and implements import / export policies, practices and procedures.4.Plans and carry out regular audit of processes and audits to ensure compliance with the support from internal audit team / external advisor.5.Keeps abreast of local developments and changes in customs and trade rules and regulations.6.Develops and delivers training and updates concerning compliance risk areas, trends, and existing laws and regulations and developments in applicable laws and regulations.7.Supported by regional indirect tax manager, partners with various business stakeholders on strategic projects related to customs and international trade.      8.Together with regional indirect tax manager and relevant stakeholders in Unilever Indonesia.9.Manages relationship and liaises with with Customs and relevant Government Agencies.10.Represents the business in external discussions and events regarding trade and customsRequirements:•Legally authorized to work in Indonesia.•Bachelor’s degree in with strong academic credentials.•Min 5 years working experience with advising on customs duties.•Prior customs experience with a large, multi-national company / big-4 firm is an added advantage.•Food and beverage industry experience preferred.•Experience in regional customs matters is an added advantage•Certification in Customs is an added advantage.Only qualified candidate will be processed further.
No comments:
Post a Comment
Browse jobs by category
PAGES
Recent Job Entries
.
Jobs in your Location
Popular Job Entries
Job Title: Sales Engineer.
Location: Tokyo, Japan.
Company: Interactive Intelligence.
Cool Tv / Wazobia Tv
Recruiting in various Positions.
Location:
Lagos, Nigeria.
Company : Aim Group.
Job Title: Vacancies at South African Police Service (SAPS).
Location: South African.
Company: South African Police Service (SAPS).
Job Title: Housekeeping Supervisors.
Location: Lagos.
Company: InterContinental Hotel.
Job Title: Internal Communications Manager (6 Months Contract).
Location: Doha.
Company: Vodafone.
Job Title: Engineers and Technicians.
Location: Nigeria.
Company: Dangote Cement PLC.
Job Title: Field Engineer Trainee.
Location: Nigeria.
Company: Schlumberger Limited.
Job Title: Account Manager.
Location: Santa Fe.
Company: Elite Connections, Inc.
Job Title: Director of government relations, ECOWAS.
Location: Abuja.
Company: Thomson Reuters.
Job Title: Cashier.
Location: Nottinghamshire-Worksop.
Company: Barclays.
Subscribe To Job Updates
Posts
Posts
Comments
Comments
Job Directory
Job Directory
May (30)
April (130)
March (119)
February (124)
January (46)
December (27)
November (40)
October (62)
September (44)
August (41)
July (22)
June (21)
May (16)
Articles and Resources
News Updates
Translate this page
Enter your email address to receive job updates:
--- Advertisement ---
© 2014 : Online Directory of Job Openings, Vacancies, Employment Opportunities and Career Resources |
| Contact: |
Powered by .
Contact Form
Name
Email
*
Message
*