‘We’re exporting ingenuity, but we are not exporting jobs’
15°C Partly cloudy
Quick Links:    |
|
Newspapers
15°C Partly cloudy
In News
Top Stories
WTF?!
In Sports
Top Stories
The NHL’s annual coaching roundabout finally cranked up with Peter Laviolette peeling off for Nashville. But despite all his experience, offensive slant and a Stanley Cup ring, nobody was going ...
Canucks
Sports Academy
Canadian Soccer
In Entertainment
Top Stories
North Vancouver master luthier David Iannone can trace the lineage of his guitars back to 1860s Madrid, Spain, where Jose Ramirez began influencing builders who would follow in his footsteps. Today, through...
Godzilla
Concerts
In Opinion
Editorials
B.C. police must be feeling fairly chuffed this week, given the new Angus Reid poll showing that public confidence in them has shot up from two years ago.
British Columbians who reported having “complete...
Columnists
In Business
Top Stories
BCE Inc. on Tuesday reported a better-than-expected adjusted profit, helped by its acquisition of TV and radio content producer Astral Media and strong growth in its wireless business
Local Business
TSN Channels
In Health
Top Stories
The Y chromosome has always been the runt of the genetic litter. Usually relegated to the bottom row on genetic plots; scientists believed its main function was to make us male instead of female. Now, ...
Skin Disease
Health Club
In Life
Top Stories
There were stunners, snoozers and bummers at the Met Gala, the former led by Sarah Jessica Parker, Karolina Kurkova and Sarah Silverman in stunning princess ball gowns and the latter led by, well, many...
Fashion
Live It!
Media Violence
In Technology
Top Stories
TORONTO - It's still small, but there's a movement afoot to teach coding to Canadian kids at school.
Personal Tech
Personal Technology
In Travel
Top Stories
Kyoto is the second Japanese city every visitor should experience. After landing in and exploring Tokyo (two hours and 20 minutes away via high-speed rail) or Osaka (as little as a halfhour distant), ...
Technology
Travel News
Lancaster bomber
In Driving
In Homes
Top Stories
Merike Lainevool comes up with the perfect metaphor to describe the wide open, versatile spaces she decorated in the display suite for Addition, Kenstone Properties' 158-unit residential project in downtown...
What's New
Features
Safety
In Classifieds
Don't miss:
»
‘We’re exporting ingenuity, but we are not exporting jobs’
By Postmedia News, The Province
April 25, 2014
0
Thirty-six-year-old Britco plant manager Tim Epp, left, with one of his colleagues.A joint venture with Resource Works: In a series of conversations with workers and business operators, Postmedia News explores the contributions that trade, industry, and natural resources make to the British Columbia economy. This week we talk with Tim Epp, a plant manager at Britco, about competing globally in the modular construction industry.Postmedia News: How did you get started at Britco?Tim Epp: After high school I worked at a sawmill for a little while. It was very manual labour. Then I went to BCIT and took the operations management program. It was really geared towards manufacturing, process improvement and that sort of thing. I finished at BCIT, and Britco offered me a job. I’ve worked here ever since — almost 10 years now.PN: Most people think of manufactured homes when they think of modular construction. How are you different?TE: Think of a truck carrying a module down a gravel road for a couple of hundred kilometres — that’s like a level six or seven earthquake for hours and hours on end. We have to engineer all of that into the building. What we are left with is a really strong construction product, I would say stronger than any typical wood frame construction you would see on-site.PN: Many of the modules you build are for resource projects in Canada. But you’re also handling projects destined for places such as Russia and Indonesia?TE: For the Indonesian one, we rented a factory in Hope for about a year to complete that project. The Russian one was done here in Agassiz. We will basically build the modules at the same size as a shipping container, just for ease of transport, because these are going to go on a cargo ship or on a container ship and be transported to site that way. For the Russian (gold mine) project, because of how far it was going and how they wanted to transport it, we limited the module size to the size of a standard shipping container — so any way that they ship containers we can ship these modules. The Indonesian project, Save The Children, was pre-cut pieces of panels that were shipped in containers. We had a team there that trained locals how to build these houses for themselves.PN: How does it feel to be working in a company with global reach?TE: It’s a world-class product and it’s in demand internationally. There is always someone trying to catch us. We have companies from China, from all over the world, that are going to be competing with us, so we need to stay ahead of everybody. Can you describe what it feels like to export Canadian ingenuity to other countries? I’m really proud to work for a company that’s growing in that way. We’re going international. We’re exporting ingenuity, but we are not exporting jobs.PN: What skills, abilities or attitudes are you looking for in a new employee?TE: A positive attitude and a good work ethic. We can provide people with the training to get the necessary skills, but they need to come in with the attitude and the work ethic — they’re happy to learn, willing to try new things, and maintaining a positive outlook.PN: Could you go over the list of the different clients you serve, or the different projects you’re building?TE: For the Olympics we did a lot of the athletes’ village in Whistler, townhouses and condos, we’ve done numerous hotels and resorts, daycare centres, seniors and low-income housing. And we do the PNE house every year.PN: What’s the most satisfying part of your job?TE: When we have a new client or visitors come to the factory and they have a preconceived notion of what Britco is. When we bring them into the factory and show them from start to finish how rigorous our construction process is, or how advanced and effective our health and safety program is, and our overall quality of construction, they leave with their eyes wide open.© Copyright (c) The Province   Share this Article
More on This Story  Story Tools  Font: Image:
Spotlights
Social Media
Thirty-six-year-old Britco plant manager Tim Epp, left, with one of his colleagues.
Share this Gallery
More Photo Galleries The stunning and stylish Miss America, Nina Davuluri...
Vancouver's Andrew's-Wesley United Church celebrated...
Over 200 talented young dancers took part in Goh Ballet...
We encourage all readers to share their views on our articles and blog posts. We are committed to maintaining a lively but civil forum for discussion, so we ask you to avoid personal attacks, and please keep your comments relevant and respectful. If you encounter a comment that is abusive, click the "X" in the upper right corner of the comment box to report spam or abuse. We are using Facebook commenting.
Most Popular News
»
»
Sponsored By
Breaking News Alert
Sign up to receive e-mail alerts on breaking news from The Province.
Latest updatesAn Island teenager’s $16,000 research project that included a trip to Finland, paid for by the B.C. Education Ministry, is drawing criticism from the Canadian Taxpayers Federation and education professionals.
In 2012 and 2013, the Ministry of Education contracted Stelly’s Secondary School graduate Anjali Vyas to study teacher education in Victoria and Helsinki, write a report and present her findings to deans of education.1 hour ago One of four accused Hells Angels associates charged with manslaughter in the death of Kelowna dad Dain Phillips was motivated to participate in the attack in part because of his gang connections, a prosecutor has argued. In final submissions, Crown counsel Joe Bellows said the anger of accused Robert Cocks, a member of the Hells Angels support club the Throttle Lockers and the father of Hells Angel Norman Cocks, towards Phillips prior to the June 2011 attack was “amply demonstrated.”18 minutes ago
Local updates
Inside The Province
Don't Miss
»
Most Popular
»
Formats
The Province
Tools
© 2010 - 2014 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved.
Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited.