CNN Indonesia Jobs Vacancy
WORK WITH US
and love where you work
Turner Broadcasting System Asia Pacific, inc. and PT Trans Media Corpora have announced a strategic partnership to launch CNN Indonesia,
a 24-hour news channel and accompanying website in Bahasa Indonesia. CNN Indonesia currently has the following openings in Indonesia.
Interested in joining us. We are looking for;
JOURNALIST
Responsibilities :
Reportage, interview and pour it on a good writing.
Doing research and make writings as assigned.
Proficient in writing articles (News, Economic & Business, Information & Technology, and Lifestyle)
Requirements :
Candidate must possess at least a Bachelor's Degree in any field.
Fresh graduates/Entry level applicants are encouraged to apply.
Having experience in Campus Press/Media
Single, not more than 24 years old and attractive appearance
Able to communicate and write in English & Bahasa,
Energetic, dynamic, creative & like challenges
Have great interest in journalism especially News, Economic & Business, Information & Technology, and Lifestyle
Please state position code in the e-mail subject; JOURNALIST
WEB PROGRAMMER
This is an ideal position for someone who is comfortable with a smaller,
Agile environment and is used to working on multiple projects simultaneously.
Our work environment is casual and flexible with an emphasis on small team collaboration.
Responsibilities :
Design and implementation large scale and high performance of web 2.0 applications
Conduct a team of developer on software development
Define software framework from existing software technologies as well as from the scratch
Requirements :
University Degree in computer science
Having a basic technical knowledge of Web Programming & Familiar with Linux Operation
Having knowledge W3C standard & website technology update
Strong Object Oriented Programming with PHP & Java Script
Having technical knowledge of CSS, HTML, XML, and Json
Having knowledge JavaScript, AJAX, Action Script and Ruby will be an advantage
Having technical knowledge of Source Code Management Revision Control such as Subversion, Git, etc.
Experienced in application & software development
Excellent knowledge of MySQL or PostgreSQL databases
Passionate of Hot Technologies
Having good attitude, responsible, can work multiple project and excellent team-player
Good time management, a self-starter, and strong interpersonal communication skills
Please state position code in the e-mail subject; Web Programmer
If you are ready for the challenge, please submit your application letter with full details of resume and recent photograph to:
HUMAN RESOURCES DEVELOPMENT
CNN INDONESIA
"Only short-listed candidates will be notified"
"Invitation Processes will be conducted by sms & email"