Market Research Intern - HFI 2014 - L'Oreal Indonesia
Market Research Intern - HFI 2014  -
Market Research Intern - HFI 2014
Responsibilities
As an intern you will be involved in the development of monthly consumer and market review which consist of:Consumer trends and habits analysiRetail audit panelCompetitor intelligenceProduct updatesIn addition you will also be involved in concept and product development projects where you will be taking part in product evaluation, sampling and try outs. For those of you eager to learn, this will be an eye opening experience where you will gain many valuable insights into the industry.Requirements:* Indonesian Nationality* University Student - currently still pursuing Bachelor or Master's degree * Available for full time 4-6 months Internship, Monday - Friday from 9.00 am - 6.00 pm to start June 2014* S-1 degree/final year in Business/Economics/Social Sciences or other relevant disciplines* Proficient in English both verbal and written* Superb analytical thinking* Good numerical skill* Passionate and sensitivity about personal care and beauty products* A fast learner* Good attention to details* Proficient with Microsoft Excel & PowerPointAbout L'OREALThe L'OREAL story begins in 1907 when a young French chemist invented the first hair colorant. Success was immediate and since then L'OREAL has gone from strength to strength. L'OREAL is one of only two blue chip companies in the world that can claim double digit growth for 2 continuous years, and launched over 700 products in 2010 alone. Having celebrated its 100th birthday in 2009, the company has ambitious plans to grow its consumer base from 1.5billion to 2.5billion by 2020. L'OREAL is world leader in cosmetics and beauty products and has presence in 130 countries. It produces over 4.5billion products a year in 42 industrial plants around the world. L'OREAL product sell by the billion in every conceivable distribution channel - for example, Garnier and Maybelline in supermarkets, Kerastase in hair salon and Lancome in Department Store. About L'OREAL IndonesiaL'OREAL in Indonesia started its journey since 1979 distributing luxury products. Then other brands started to enter Indonesian market in the coming years. Currently L'Oréal presence in Indonesia is marked by having 3 divisions; luxury, consumer dan professional which serves different distribution channels. We have portfolio of 14 brands which are: L'Oréal Paris; Maybelline New York; Garnier; L'Oréal Professionel; Kérastase Paris; Matrix; Lancôme;Shu Uemura; Yves Saint Laurent; Kiehl's; parfum Ralph Lauren, Giorgio Armani, dan Viktor & Rolph; and The Body Shop which is distributed through PT Monica Hijau Lestari.L'OREAL Indonesia has drastically accelerated its business by offering accessible innovations suited to local expectation. We have been growing exponentially and will continue this exciting journey in Indonesia. In 2012 L'OREAL opened a new factory in Indonesia which is the biggest factory in terms of land size within L'OREAL group.Requirements* Indonesian Nationality* University Student - currently still pursuing Bachelor or Master's degree * Available for full time 4-6 months Internship, Monday - Friday from 9.00 am - 6.00 pm
Requirements
Company Overview
Why Join Us?
Indonesia - Jakarta Raya - South Jakarta
Less than 1 year experience
|  Advertised: 29-Apr-14  |  Closing Date: 29-May-14
>
> ,
• Copyright © 2014