Job Head - Power Plant ( Indonesia) F S Management India Pvt. Ltd. Indonesia Mr. Ajit Varwandkar Mohaba Bazar, GE Road.
RAIPUR,Chhattisgarh,India - Ritz Consultant Jobs (458576)
|
Candidates:
|
|
Employer:
|
Head - Power Plant ( Indonesia)
F S Management India Pvt. Ltd.
|
Summary
Experience:
15 to
25
yrs.
Location
Indonesia
Education
Industry Type:
Oil and Gas
/
Energy
/
Power
Salary:
INR 40,00,000 - 50,00,000 P.A. Accomodation & Perks Over and above
Functional Area:
Farea:
Top Management
Posted Date:
24-Feb-2014
Desired Candidate Profile
Desired candidate should be
either Diploma or Engineer (BE / M.Tech) in Mechanical / Electrical with 15-25 yrs exp. into coal based thermal power plant plant operations.   Should have influencing skill, Manpower management skill, Team leading and handling skills
Candidates with exemplary administrative as well as techno-commercial exposure will be preferred.
Should be keen  to relocate to Indonesiaas a family posting.   Should possess a valid passport.
Job Description
Candidate will be responsible to mange the entire operations of the Power Plant.
Will be over all responsible for the administrative as well as technical support functions as a head of the unit.
The overseas thermal power plant unit is located at Purwakarta, Indonesia.
Candidate will be reporting to the Chairman directly.
Man management & administration within the unit will be a key responsibility in addition.
Keywords: Education:
UG - B.Tech/B.E. - Electrical, Mechanical, Diploma - Any Specialization, Electrical, Engineering, Mechanical
PG - Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required
Doctorate - Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required
Company Profile
http://www.aglakadam.org
Recruiting for a leading textile industry having inhouse thermal power plant in INDONESIA
Contact Details
Company Name:
F S Management India Pvt. Ltd.
Web site:
Executive Name:
Mr. Ajit Varwandkar
Address:
Mohaba Bazar, GE Road.
RAIPUR,Chhattisgarh,India
Telephone:
91-771-2575542
View more Jobs in:
Ths job posted here is submitted either by the clients of Ritz Consultant or individual/consultant/freelancers. Ritz Consultant takes no responsiblity of authenticity of Jobs Posted here as we offer free job postings. Users are advised to research bonafides of advertisers independently. Ritz Consultant will not have any responsibility in this regard. We recommend that you visit Terms & Conditions and the Security Advice for more comprehensive information.
Please note: This is not advertisers contact form. This is complain form. Your message will be sent to administrators to let them review this ad.
Your full name *
Your email address *
Your message *
* - Fields with * are required
Jobs From Most Popular Cities
Jobs By Functions
Jobs By Industry
Jobs By Keywords
All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners.