Arnott’s Indonesia Jobs: Production Team Leader | Operator Future Production Leader | Engineering Team Leader | Electric Technician
|      |      |
|
|
|
|
|
|
Arnott’s Indonesia Jobs: Production Team Leader | Operator Future Production Leader | Engineering Team Leader | Electric Technician
Arnott’s Indonesia is a wholly owned subsidiary of US food and beverage multinational, Campbell Soup Company. In Indonesia, we have an outstanding portfolio of locally manufactured and marketed brands such as Good Time, Tim Tam, NyamNyam among others.
Aiming to delight our consumers everyday with their most preferred quality biscuits, we are looking for an individual who enjoys working in a fast-paced, team-oriented environment, likes to be challenged, and values the opportunity to make a difference.
ADVERTISEMENT
Production Department
Production Team Leader (PTL)
Operator Future Production Leader (OFPL)
Desired Skills & Experience
Diploma or Bachelor degree from any discipline with GPA min. 3.00.
Preferable 1 or 2 year experiences in supervising labors in production area.
Ability to work cross-functionally, manages diverse group and influence, deploy and manage strategic initiatives.
Strong leadership skills, confidence and integrity.
Independent & good interpersonal skills.
Organizational and planning skills.
Written and verbal communication skill.
Ability to work under diverse and simultaneous demands
Can do attitude; respect people; creative; team building.
Willing to be based in Bekasi, Jawa Barat.
Engineering Department
Engineering Team Leader (ETL)
Electric Technician (ET)
Desired Skills & Experience
Minimum Bachelor degree from Electronic Engineering or Physical Instrument background with the GPA: 3.00 (scale 4), preferable fresh graduate to max. 2 year working experiences.
Excellent interpersonal and communication skills.
ADVERTISEMENT
Passionate in Engineering & Manufacturing environment with technical understanding of and process.
Committed, positive, hands on and hardworking.
Drive to achieve goals including desire to learn, e.g. working in difficult situation to achieve personal goals, able to work under pressure and meet deadlines.
Leadership and ability to persuade and influence other.
We offer competitive compensation package and career opportunities for successful applicant. Please submit your application letter, a concise resume, and photograph to email below. Put the code of position on the email subject (Code: PTL / OFPL / ETL / ET). Only short listed candidates will be contacted.
This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
Lowongan Lainnya
Untuk berlangganan info lowongan kerja terbaru silahkan "like / suka"
kami , "follow" akun , +1 di
page kami , atau bisa juga melalui email silahkan baca petunjuknya .
SPONSORED LINK
POSTING LOWKER
TERBARU
UPDATE LOWKER
TERPOPULER
STATISTIK
Copyright © 2008 - 2014 jobsID.co. All Rights Reserved.
Casino Bonus at