Bank Muamalat Indonesia Jobs: Customer Service | Teller
|      |      |
|
|
|
|
|
|
Bank Muamalat Indonesia Jobs: Customer Service | Teller
Nearly two decades after its birth, Bank Muamalat now provides services to over 2.5 million customers through a network of over 300 outlets spread across all 33 provinces in Indonesia. The network is also supported by an alliance through more than 400 online Post Office/SOPP, 32,000 ATM as well as over 100,000 debit merchant across the country. Bank Muamalat is also the first and the only Indonesian bank running a full branch in Malaysia.
ADVERTISEMENT
As Indonesia's first purely sharia bank, Bank Muamalat is committed to deliver banking service that are not only sharia compliant, but also innovative and highly competitive, with high public accessibility.
As we grow, we continously strive to improve our infrastructures, as well as the quality of our human capital. To ensure our sustainable growth, we are seeking vigorous, brilliant and dynamic personnel who will grow with us, and be the guiding light within Indonesia's banking industry.
Customer Service - Surabaya Branch
Qualifications
Female, maximum age 23 years old
Attractive appearance
Minimum height 163 cms
Moslem
Minimum possess Diploma 3 degree in any major
Minimum GPA 2.75 of 4.00 scale
Willing to be placed in Jawa Timur
Teller - Jakarta
Qualifications
Have an Islamic commitment, good manners and the never committed in an illegal activities
Diploma 3 graduate / possess Bachelor degree in any major with minimum GPA 2.75 for State University graduates or 3.00 for Private University graduates; in 4.00 scale
Male
Maximum age 25 years old and not married
Attractive look, minimum height 170 cms
Sound mind and body
Proficient in English both oral and written, and computer literate minimum in Microsoft Office
Fresh graduate, understand and experienced in Islamic banking is an advantage
Highly motivated and loyalty
Does not have a family relationship with the employees and Bank Muamalat Board of Directors
Closing date: May 31, 2014
How To Apply
For Customer Service office please send your complete application along with 4R full body photograph to:
Human Capital Division
PT Bank Muamalat Indonesia Tbk
Cabang Surabaya Mansyur
Jl. KH Mas Mansyur 171 Surabaya
Email: HC.msy[at]muamalatbank.com (maximum 2 MB, in .pdf format)
ADVERTISEMENT
For Teller position please send your application, curriculum vitae, photograph, copy of education diploma and transcript, and other supported documents to:
PT. Bank Muamalat Indonesia Cabang Matraman
Jl. Matraman Raya No.148
Ruko Mitra Matraman Blok A1 No.1-2
Matraman Jakarta Timur 13150
Only qualified candidates will be notified by phone / email.
Lowongan Lainnya
Untuk berlangganan info lowongan kerja terbaru silahkan "like / suka"
kami , "follow" akun , +1 di
page kami , atau bisa juga melalui email silahkan baca petunjuknya .
SPONSORED LINK
POSTING LOWKER
TERBARU
UPDATE LOWKER
TERPOPULER
STATISTIK
Copyright © 2008 - 2014 jobsID.co. All Rights Reserved.
Casino Bonus at