Nestlé Indonesia Jobs: Consumer Activation Executive | Packaging Specialist
|      |      |
|
|
|
|
|
|
Nestlé Indonesia Jobs: Consumer Activation Executive | Packaging Specialist
Nestlé Indonesia is a subsidiary of Nestlé S.A. the leading company in the field of nutrition, health and wellness, with headquarters in Vevey, Switzerland. Nestlé SA was founded over 140 years ago by Henri Nestlé; a pharmacist who first mixed baby cereal to help a mother save her baby who was is very ill and unable to receive breast milk. Nestlé has operated in Indonesia since 1971; at present we employ more than 2, 600 employees to produce a variety of Nestle products at three plants.
ADVERTISEMENT
Nestlé’s motto: “Good Food, Good Life” describes the company's ongoing commitment to combine science and technology in order to provide products that meet basic human needs for nutritious, delicious and safe food and drink. As the leading Food, Nutrion, Health and Wellness Company, Nestle has for the past 145 years produced the best products with a passion for excellence in food safety and quality. We are committed to these ideals and value the trust given to our consumers worldwide. If you share the same passion for excellence, we invite people with professional knowledge, personal integrity, and strong motivation to excel and enjoy facing challenges in a dynamic organization to join us as:
Consumer Activation Executive - Pekanbaru
Responsibilities
To strengthen brand engagement and deliver good brand experience through excellence in field execution of consumer activations.
Main Activities
Business Management (e.g Sampling and sponsorhip management) & Full Compliance (e.g. Ensure high standard Kitchen Operation accordance to Hygiene Operatioanl Guidelines, Food Safety and Quality and Nestle Good Manufacturing Procedure)
Requirements
Preferably having domicile in Pekan Baru
Candidate must possess at least a Bachelor's Degree in Mass Communications / Marketing / Commerce or equivalent.
Required skill(s): Event management, Basic events productions, Communication, Presentation and Negotiation
Willing to be relocated where the company operates
Willing to work with irregular working days and hours due to managing events
Required language(s): English, Bahasa Indonesia
At least 4 year(s) of working experience in the related field is required for this position.
Preferably Supervisor / Coordinators specializing in Event / Marketing / Business Development or equivalent.
1 Full-Time position(s) available.
Packaging Specialist - Karawang Factory
Requirements
Candidate must possess at least a Bachelor's Degree, Engineering (Mechanical) or equivalent.
Required language(s): English
ADVERTISEMENT
At least 1 year(s) of working experience in the related field is required for this position.
Applicants must be willing to work in Kawasan Industri Surya Cipta.
Preferably Supervisor / Coordinators specializing in Engineering - Mechanical / Automotive or equivalent.
Full-Time position(s) available.
Should you be interested and meet the requirements above please apply via links below.
|
Lowongan Lainnya
Untuk berlangganan info lowongan kerja terbaru silahkan "like / suka"
kami , "follow" akun , +1 di
page kami , atau bisa juga melalui email silahkan baca petunjuknya .
SPONSORED LINK
POSTING LOWKER
TERBARU
UPDATE LOWKER
TERPOPULER
STATISTIK
Copyright © 2008 - 2014 jobsID.co. All Rights Reserved.
Casino Bonus at