Shell Indonesia Jobs: 5 Positions
|      |      |
|
|
|
|
|
|
Shell Indonesia Jobs: 5 Positions
Page 1 of 2
Shell began operations in Indonesia more than 100 years ago and can look back on a rich history with Indonesia. At Shell Indonesia, we believe that diversity is key: it will help our drive to innovate and make sure that our employees’ ideas will travel. We offer an exciting platform from which you can deliver and excel. Shell Indonesia manages business operations that include marketing and trading oil products directly as well as through its appointed distributors. In 2006, Shell started its Commercial Fuels business in Indonesia: we provide bulk fuels and related technical support to the Industrial and Transport Sector. Shell Indonesia is also planning to establish a significant presence in the upstream sector.
Retail Billing and Business Assurance Manager - Jakarta
Job Description
ADVERTISEMENT
Retailer Billing: To support the business in safeguarding shell assets by securing daily sales proceeds, resolving any outstanding fuel receivables / disputes and support Non fuel revenue activity
Business Assurance: Responsible for the implementation, testing and monitoring of a fit for purpose risk based controls framework within the Market Unit, ensuring full alignment with Group policy and process requirements.
Job Requirement
Accounting / Finance degree
2 – 3 yrs audit experience
Excellent presentation and communication role : ability to communicate analysis to senior leadership both in power point presentation and verbal communication
Excellent people skill: ability to engage and influence the team both face to face and virtual
Fluent in English
Removal date: June 16, 2014
Supply Planner Main Line Lubes - Jakarta
Job Description
The purpose of the Supply Planner role is to develop the supply plan across the entire planning horizon for the allocated portfolio to ensure that the right product is available at each location within Indonesia in order to meet customer orders. This role is key to identifying and maintaining the tactical parameters for replenishment planning to ensure efficient and effective production, sourcing and replenishment of products through the network. This network will include a new Lube Oil Blending Plant in Indonesia that will come on-stream in 2015. As such, the Supply Planner has a very significant impact on Customer Service and Cost, while ensuring that supply planning of lubricants product during this transition is as smooth as possible . This is a commercially focused operational and tactical role.
Requirements as follows:
Transition to Monas : this specific role will review the existing supply network setup in Indonesia and chart out a planning transition roadmap when Project Monas comes on-stream in 2015.
Support for 3rd party planning processes: this role will need to ensure the transition planning of tollers in conjunction with Project Monas.
Preparation of operational plans and management of supply issues: The Supply Planner ensures appropriate replenishment plans coming on-stream for the entire planning horizon. He / she Identifies supply issues via alert identification, and manages resolution appropriately. He / she uses the options available (consume safety stock, redistribute inventory, expedite replenishment) to most effectively resolve supply issues.
Medium and Long Term planning responsibilities: The Supply Planner as owner of the replenishment plan across the horizon for the supply portfolio will participate in analyses during step 3 as required to define and evaluate tactical options for resolution of supply constraints.
Performance review and management: The SP will participate in the RCA (Root Cause Analysis) of OTIF (On Time In Full )for their own supply portfolio and he / she is responsible for meeting the targets on Network OTIF, (3rd Party) Supplier OTIF, Stock in Target and BRR accuracy KPIs for their supply portfolio.
Review of Inventory targets and planning data: The Supply Planner (SP) is the operationally accountable person that ensures that for the supply portfolio all replenishment planning parameters are understood, reviewed and maintained. He / She owns the setting of the stocking strategy and relevant safety stocks for the SKUs and locations in the supply portfolio.
Ownership and management of inventory: The Supply Planner will monitor and respond to inventory levels for the full planning horizon against targets defined (e.g. inventory days cover) for the supply portfolio. He / she continuously improves supply chain optimization, inventory holding (including warehouse capacity consumption / utilization) and customer service (e.g. OTIF and Backorder Accuracy). The Supply Planner is accountable for Identifying and eliminating waste (e.g, preventing excess stock, identifying slow moving and potential obsolete SKUs (Stock Keeping Units) ) for their supply portfolio.
Job Requirements
ADVERTISEMENT
Possess a Degree or Masters in Supply Chain, Engineering, Business or Finance. APICS certification would be a plus point.
Have work experience in Planning, Supply Chain, Oil & Gas or related fields for 5+ years
Experience in Engineering and Construction for Plant Building would be a bonus
Have proven experience at managerial & supervisory level
Be fluent in both Bahasa Indonesia and English (written and verbal)
Preference for candidates with operational working knowledge of SAP, especially APO Planning.
Results oriented professional with strong analytical and communication skills
Removal date: May 24, 2014
1
SPONSORED LINK
POSTING LOWKER
TERBARU
UPDATE LOWKER
TERPOPULER
STATISTIK
Copyright © 2008 - 2014 jobsID.co. All Rights Reserved.
Casino Bonus at