Other Indonesia Electrical Specialist H/F Job
Search by Keyword
Share this Job
Please enable JavaScript to subscribe.
Email
Please wait...
Electrical Specialist H/F Job
GE
Date: Apr 28, 2014
Location: Other Indonesia, Indonesia
Job Number: 1907602
Business: GE Oil & Gas
Business Segment: Oil & Gas
About Us: GE Oil & Gas (www.ge.com/oilandgas) is a world leader in advanced technology equipment and services for all segments of the oil and gas industry, from drilling and production, LNG, pipelines and storage to industrial power generation, refining and petrochemicals.
GE Oil & Gas also provides pipeline integrity solutions, including inspection and data management, and design and manufacture wire-line and drilling measurement solutions for the oilfield services segment.
The Oil and Gas team leverages technological innovation from other GE businesses, such as aviation and healthcare, to continuously improve oil and gas industry performance and productivity.
GE Oil and Gas employs more than 33,000 people worldwide and operates in over 100 countries. Why join one great company when you can join many? GE is more than 300,000 people with jobs that range from biochemist to finance specialist to wind energy engineer. We’re passionate about making life better with new ideas and technologies. We’re diverse, supporting our communities in more than 140 countries.
Experience personal growth and competency development as part of the GE team. GE Energy works connecting people and ideas everywhere to create advanced technologies for powering a cleaner, more productive world.
We serve the energy sector with product and service solutions in such areas as natural gas, oil, coal and nuclear energy; wind, solar, biogas and water processing; energy management; and grid modernization. We also offer integrated solutions to serve energy- and water-intensive industries such as mining, metals, marine, petrochemical, food & beverage, and unconventional fuels.
www.ge-energy.comCheck out this
to learn more about what it’s like to work for a company that is making a difference in the world!
Follow us on , join our
Group or become a fan of our
page.Want to be notified of jobs and events that may match your interests?
It’s easy when you become a member of the . You can also stay up to date on what’s happening at GE around the globe by checking out the .
Posted Position Title: Electrical Specialist H/F
Career Level: Experienced
Function: Services
Function Segment: Field Services
Location: Indonesia
U.S. State, China or Canada Provinces:
City: Other Indonesia
Postal Code:
Relocation Assistance: No
Role Summary/Purpose: To supervise and provide Engineering and Technical support for ESP systems, third party equipment and full commissioning services both onshore and offshore.Countries currently requiring coverage include Chad, Thailand, Yemen, China and others.
Positions may be Rotational or Ad-hoc.
Essential Responsibilities:
Perform detailed fault diagnosis on all brands of ESP controllers and switchboards. Trouble shoot to component level. Promote and perform any field service oriented sales and maintain a confident customer relationship for the company. Comply with all applicable quality, health, safety and environmental regulations. Support Applications Engineering and Controls Groups, as and when required.
Qualifications/Requirements:
Strong electrical background with experience in the ESP industry or similar. Diploma in Electrical Engineering or equivalent. Industry background working onshore/offshore. International Driving Licence Fluent in English, both written and oral.Willingness to travel internationally.
Additional Eligibility Qualifications:
Desired Characteristics:
Strong interpersonal skills and ability to communicate to facilitate improvements in ESP operations.
In addition to English, fluency in other languages would be advantageous.
Very good knowledge of products and field service to settle site issues and satisfy customers.
Analyse, identify and troubleshoot site problems.
Job Segments: Biochemistry, Pipeline, Electrical, Engineer, Social Media, Science, Energy, Engineering, Marketing
Find similar jobs:
,
,
,
,
We are an equal opportunity employer, offering a great work environment, challenging career opportunities, professional training and competitive compensation.