Jobs Opportunity In Punjab Economics Research Institute Lahore ( 1 May, 2014 ) Newspaper Ad on Paperpk jobs and career blog
Jobs, Careers, Employment & Vacancies Ads in Pakistan
PaperPk Blog - Jobs , Careers,
Employment and vacancies Ads and Advertisements from Jang Newspaper, DAWN, Express News and NawaiWaqt Newspapers in Pakistan. Careers and jobs in Pakistan cities like Karachi , Lahore , Islamabad , Rawalpindi , Quetta , Multan and Peshawar
Posted by
1 May, 2014
Punjab Economics Research Institute Lahore Jobs for Senior Research Economist, Research Economist, Senior Statistician, Computer Programmer, Librarian
Position / Post : Senior Research Economist
No of Posts: 1
Qualification: Ph.D Degree In Economics & Agriculture
Experience: 8 year Minimum
Apply at : Punjab Economics Research Institute Lahore, Pakistan.
City of Job : Lahore
Position / Post : Research Economist
No of Posts: 2
Qualification: Ph.D Degree In Economics/ Agriculture/ Master Degree Holder
Experience: 2 year Minimum
Apply at : Punjab Economics Research Institute Lahore, Pakistan.
City of Job : Lahore
Position / Post : Senior Statistician
No of Posts: 1
Qualification: Ph.D  Degree In Statistician
Experience: 2 year Minimum
Apply at : Punjab Economics Research Institute Lahore, Pakistan.
City of Job : Lahore
Position / Post : Computer Programmer
No of Posts: 1
Qualification: Master Degree In Computer Science
Experience: 1 year Minimum
Apply at : Punjab Economics Research Institute Lahore, Pakistan.
City of Job : Lahore
Position / Post : Librarian
No of Posts: 1
Qualification: Master Degree In Library Science
Experience: 4 year Minimum
Apply at : Punjab Economics Research Institute Lahore, Pakistan.
City of Job : Lahore
Submit your CV
Fill the form below to submit your CV.If there is no email address given then please send your CV through post , courier or submit it though the way its given in Ad
Your Name (required)
Your Email (required)
Company Email ( If this field is empty then apply by Post )
Subject
Your Message
Upload your CV / Resume (required)
Jobs Opportunity In Punjab Economics Research Institute Lahore in Pakistan for fresh and experienced Job seekers Jobs Opportunity In Punjab Economics Research Institute Lahore 2014 newspaper ad and all other Career opportunities published in newspapers of Pakistan. Jobs Opportunity In Punjab Economics Research Institute Lahore and all government and private jobs in Karachi , Lahore , Islamabad , Rawalpindi and all other cities of Pakistan and abroad.
Categories :
,,,,,,,,
Tags :
, , , , ,
Comments / Questions / CV's
No Comments,Questions or CVs yet.
Leave a comment , question or your CV
Name
(required)
E-mail
(required)
Your Comment
Get Latest Jobs in your Email
Jobs in Pakistan
Jobroll
Search Job by Date
May 2014
M
T
W
T
F
S
S
7891011
12131415161718
19202122232425
262728293031
PaperPk Jobs Blog
PaperPk is providing the latest jobs in Pakistan for the last 3 years. Now also have started a new career blog in Pakistan to provide job seekers and Employers. We have the complete database of recent jobs in Karachi ,Jobs in Lahore and Current Jobs in Islamabad. PaperPk is now one of the biggest website of Pakistan.You can also find Newspaper Jobs and Careers like Jobs in Dawn. Jobs in Jang , Careers in Nawaiwaqt , Express News and The news Jobs in Pakistan
Copyright © 2014
PaperPk Jobs Blog
All right reserved
Developed and hosted by