Technical Writer/Business Analyst Job, Lahore, iLead Integrated Solutions - ROZEE.PK
|
View all jobs from
Technical Writer/Business Analyst
,
Lahore
|    |    |
Your application has been submitted successfully. Employer may contact you on .
Not a Member?
Upload your CV to apply for this job.
Step 1/2: Upload Your CV
CV Uploading...
Already a Member:   Login below
Find people you may know at iLead Integrated Solutions
Job Detail
More Jobs From:
Industry:
Functional Area:
Total Position:
1
Job Type:
Full Time/Permanent (First Shift (Day))
Job Location:
,
Gender:
Doesn't Matter
Minimum Education:
Bachelor's Degree
Degree Title:
BCS, MCS, BS, MS (Computer Sciences)
Career Level:
Experienced (Non-Manager)
Minimum Experience:
3 Years (3 to 5 years)
Require Travel:
Not Required
Apply By:
May 30, 2014
Job Posting Date:
May 6, 2014
Jobs from Similar Employers
Job Description:
iLead Integrated Solutions company is Kuwait based IT Solution Provider and is conducting its business with MEA focus and global reach with its global partners. We are currently looking for Technical Writer/Business Analyst having: ·
Prior experience in technical writing and documentation, preferably in relevant domains (IMS, CRM, ERP etc.)·
Coordinating with Development and QA Department to make technical documents·
Using flowcharts, drawings, diagrams to increase user’s understanding·
Excellent analytical skills with a keen eye for details·
Experience of working on multiple Business Requirements Specifications documentation cycles. This would include: a. Designing and creating mock screensb. Use Case analysis/documentationc. Creating business process flow diagramsd Evaluating in-progress and/or finished products against the requirements specifications ·
Exception English writing skills (grammatically accurate and concise writing) and Communication Skills·
Worked with any of the design tools like Visio, BPMN·
Excellent understating of modern application platforms: Web/Cloud, Mobile, Windows etc. ·
Study existing documents and discussing with project lead to determine the project requirements
Skills Required:
,
ROZEE.PK
Would you like to receive free alerts for similar jobs?
Email:
Job Seekers
Send FeedbackWe would like to hear from you.
Copyright ©2014 ROZEE.PK - Jobs in Pakistan
- All Rights Reserved. - A Division of Naseeb Networks, Inc.
Reproduction of material from any ROZEE.PK pages without permission is strictly prohibited.
|
|
|
|