Business Center Executive Job, Karachi, Mobilink GSM (PMCL) - ROZEE.PK
|
View all jobs from
Business Center Executive
,
Islamabad
|    |    |
Your application has been submitted successfully. Employer may contact you on .
Not a Member?
Upload your CV to apply for this job.
Step 1/2: Upload Your CV
CV Uploading...
Already a Member:   Login below
Find people you may know at Mobilink GSM (PMCL)
Job Detail
More Jobs From:
Industry:
Multinational
Functional Area:
Total Position:
3
Job Type:
Contract
Department:
CC Operations
Job Location:
,
Gender:
Doesn't Matter
Minimum Education:
Bachelor's Degree
Degree Title:
Hold at least a Bachelor’s degree.
Career Level:
Officer
Minimum Experience:
2 Years (Have at least 2 years of relevant work experience)
Apply By:
May 9, 2014
Job Posting Date:
May 6, 2014
Jobs from Similar Employers
Job Description:
The ideal candidate should:
Hold at least a Bachelor’s degree.Have at least 2 years of relevant work experience.Job Description:Meet the service KPIs defined for customer services.Focus on customer retention and prevention of future churn.Stay updated on all current policies, procedures, promotions, products, and value added services offered by the company.Provide feedback to supervisors on important issues/problems by the customer to ensure customer retention.Ensure resolution of customer complaints.Ensure proper behavior/discipline/grooming/punctuality as per the requirements and image of company.Handle all customers in accordance with the established customer handling standard operating procedures.Attend training and development programs as and when assigned by the supervisor.Achieve the sales / Vas targets assigned by the company.Welcome any other activities assigned by the supervisor.Essential Skills:Good communication & writing skillsRelationship Management SkillsProficiency in MS Office Suite
ROZEE.PK
Would you like to receive free alerts for similar jobs?
Email:
Job Seekers
Send FeedbackWe would like to hear from you.
Copyright ©2014 ROZEE.PK - Jobs in Pakistan
- All Rights Reserved. - A Division of Naseeb Networks, Inc.
Reproduction of material from any ROZEE.PK pages without permission is strictly prohibited.
|
|
|
|