Web/ Graphics Designer-Intern Job, Lahore, WeMo Technologies - ROZEE.PK
|
View all jobs from
Web/ Graphics Designer-Intern
,
Lahore
|    |    |
Your application has been submitted successfully. Employer may contact you on .
Not a Member?
Upload your CV to apply for this job.
Step 1/2: Upload Your CV
CV Uploading...
Already a Member:   Login below
Find people you may know at WeMo Technologies
Job Detail
More Jobs From:
Industry:
Functional Area:
Total Position:
1
Job Type:
Full Time/Permanent
Department:
Engineering PK
Job Location:
,
Gender:
Doesn't Matter
Minimum Education:
Bachelor's Degree
Career Level:
Entry Level
Minimum Experience:
Fresh
Apply By:
May 30, 2014
Job Posting Date:
Apr 30, 2014
Jobs from Similar Employers
Job Description:
We are looking for highly motivated individuals who are focused and can thrive in a fast-paced environment, be part of a core team of engineers,and take ownership of products, few features or projects.The ideal candidate is graduate student and software professional. The candidate is fluent with English(written or verbal) and well versed with communicating using MSN/Yahoo/Skype and Web meetings.Duties and Responsibilities:Designing user interfaces for Mobile and WebDesign wireframes using software and generating HTML/Css code for developersUnderstand the product, envision a great design that is Artistic while matching the Industry standards and guidelinesWill be expected to handle smaller projects completely on their own,including interactions with other teams and 3rd parties for design and architectureRequired Skills: Expert skills in photoshop, html, Css and Ui designExcellent written and oral communication skills.Energetic, passionate, creative, and solution oriented.Have fun in researching 'cool' Apps in iPhone and Android and WebVery creative, yet know and understand Customer's requirement and Branding needsDesirable:Familiarity with mobile technologies (like iPhone, Android, Tablets, iPad)Familiarity with web technologies (like php, joomla, java based web applications)Familiarity with Apple and Google design guidelinesRequired Education:Bachelor degree in engineering or equivalent.
ROZEE.PK
Would you like to receive free alerts for similar jobs?
Email:
Job Seekers
Send FeedbackWe would like to hear from you.
Copyright ©2014 ROZEE.PK - Jobs in Pakistan
- All Rights Reserved. - A Division of Naseeb Networks, Inc.
Reproduction of material from any ROZEE.PK pages without permission is strictly prohibited.
|
|
|
|