Senior Android Developer Job, Lahore, Enduratek - ROZEE.PK
|
Senior Android Developer
Enduratek,
Lahore
|    |    |
Your application has been submitted successfully. Employer may contact you on .
Not a Member?
Upload your CV to apply for this job.
Step 1/2: Upload Your CV
CV Uploading...
Already a Member:   Login below
Find people you may know at Enduratek
Enduratek‏
has requested your help in sharing this job with your friends
Job Detail
More Jobs From:
Industry:
Functional Area:
Total Position:
1
Job Type:
Full Time/Permanent (First Shift (Day))
Department:
Software Development
Job Location:
,
Gender:
Doesn't Matter
Minimum Education:
Bachelor's Degree
Career Level:
Experienced (Non-Manager)
Minimum Experience:
2 Years
Apply By:
May 30, 2014
Job Posting Date:
Apr 30, 2014
Jobs from Similar Employers
Job Description:
We are fast growing Company offering competitive salary package to our employees. Based in Pakistan, Dubai and the UK. We are looking to hire experienced Android developer.
Required Skills: * Google Android development using Java , Android SDK, SQLLite, Eclipse, Android Debugger. * Demonstrated experience in designing and developing robust Android apps and in particular:
* Use of SQLite for data * Custom UI controls * Performance profiling and optimization if required * Experience designing excellent mobile UI / UX * Experience in OpenGL ES is a big plus * Experience in creating live android wallpapers is a huge plus.
Please do not apply for internship positions we are looking for skilled person who know the technology and have a history of delivering solutions and products.Please mention URL's of apps you have previously worked in your CV.
Programming Languages, , Tools, DatabasesOperating Systems
ROZEE.PK
Would you like to receive free alerts for similar jobs?
Email:
Job Seekers
Send FeedbackWe would like to hear from you.
Copyright ©2014 ROZEE.PK - Jobs in Pakistan
- All Rights Reserved. - A Division of Naseeb Networks, Inc.
Reproduction of material from any ROZEE.PK pages without permission is strictly prohibited.
|
|
|
|