Senior PHP Developer - Team Lead Job, Lahore, SwiftTortoise - ROZEE.PK
|
Senior PHP Developer - Team Lead
SwiftTortoise,
Lahore
|    |    |
Your application has been submitted successfully. Employer may contact you on .
Not a Member?
Upload your CV to apply for this job.
Step 1/2: Upload Your CV
CV Uploading...
Already a Member:   Login below
Find people you may know at SwiftTortoise
Job Detail
More Jobs From:
Industry:
Functional Area:
Total Position:
1
Job Type:
Full Time/Permanent (First Shift (Day))
Job Location:
,
Gender:
Doesn't Matter
Age:
21 - 40 Year
Minimum Education:
Bachelor's Degree
Degree Title:
Bachelor of Science
Career Level:
Experienced (Non-Manager)
Required Experience:
3 Years - 7 Years
Salary Range:
PKR. 80,000 - 100,000/Month
Require Travel:
Not Required
Apply By:
May 30, 2014
Job Posting Date:
Apr 30, 2014
Jobs from Similar Employers
Job Description:
Team Lead / Software Architect /Senior PHP Developer Dream, Develop, Realize !Swifttortoise is Fairfield, CT, USA based think tank – developing unique ideas from conception to delivery. We are establishing our Lahore office to support our ever increasing development efforts.Please note – we are not a “outsourcing software house,” we work only on our projects.The Lahore office is seeking talented PHP web developers. The ideal candidates will not just technically talented, but also:
* highly motivated * must have a very creative * out of the box thinker * enjoy a start-up environment * dynamic character * team builder * ability to multi-task * Self-Starter - jump in quickly without much direction * enjoys anything new Candidate must be a ingenious PHP5 developer, familiar with the latest features in PHP 5.2.X and 5.3.X. In addition:1. Should have hand on experience in developing CMS / E-Commerce applications (preferable with open source tools) 2. Should have hand on experience in working with Object Oriented Programming 3. Actual Hand on Experience in working with J query, Ajax. 4. Strong knowledge of HTML + CSS 5. Experience with wordpress, joomla, opencart, magento is a serious plus. We are looking for at least 3 years experience as a developer so please don't apply if you don't have required experience for this position.The is an opportunity for a candidate to take a senior role - not just in development of our IT needs, but also playing a role in helping guide the business.Handsome pay - in accordance to your experience and ability. If you think you are capable enough and have all the skills mentioned above then please apply.
Programming Languages, , , , , , , , , Tools, , Servers/Platforms, Databases, Interface Protocols & Standards, Frameworks, , , Processes, Object Oriented Design, , Object Oriented Modeling, ,
ROZEE.PK
Would you like to receive free alerts for similar jobs?
Email:
Job Seekers
Send FeedbackWe would like to hear from you.
Copyright ©2014 ROZEE.PK - Jobs in Pakistan
- All Rights Reserved. - A Division of Naseeb Networks, Inc.
Reproduction of material from any ROZEE.PK pages without permission is strictly prohibited.
|
|
|
|