Sales Executive - Technical Job, Lahore, Trans-Continental Agencies - ROZEE.PK
|
View all jobs from
Sales Executive - Technical
,
Karachi
|    |    |
Your application has been submitted successfully. Employer may contact you on .
Not a Member?
Upload your CV to apply for this job.
Step 1/2: Upload Your CV
CV Uploading...
Already a Member:   Login below
Find people you may know at Trans-Continental Agencies
Job Detail
More Jobs From:
Industry:
Functional Area:
Total Position:
1
Job Type:
Full Time/Permanent (First Shift (Day))
Job Location:
,
Gender:
Male
Age:
25 - 31 Year
Minimum Education:
Master's Degree
Career Level:
Entry Level
Minimum Experience:
3 Years
Require Travel:
25%
Apply By:
May 29, 2014
Job Posting Date:
May 6, 2014
Jobs from Similar Employers
Job Description:
Job Description: We are marketing company working in the field of Pharmaceutical raw materials. We are looking for Sales Executive - Technical, who can develop our products/chemicals in Pharmaceutical Industries. Candidate should have following abilities:1.Candidates having good knowledge about pharmaceutical product development (Tablets manufacture./ Coating) will be preferred.2. Should be of decent personality and well versed with the sales ethics.3. Marketing and communication skills and can work independently.4. Fluent in English5. Should be ready to meet with challenges, be punctual, hard working.6. Should have zest to grow and strength to deliver.7. Candidates having good knowledge about pharmaceutical product development (Tablets manufacture./ Coating) will be preferred.8. Preferably having own conveyance.
Sales SkillsIdentifying Sales Opportunities, Sales Tracking & AnalysisMarket Share Analysis
ROZEE.PK
Would you like to receive free alerts for similar jobs?
Email:
Job Seekers
Send FeedbackWe would like to hear from you.
Copyright ©2014 ROZEE.PK - Jobs in Pakistan
- All Rights Reserved. - A Division of Naseeb Networks, Inc.
Reproduction of material from any ROZEE.PK pages without permission is strictly prohibited.
|
|
|
|