System Engineer / Network Administrator Jobs in Confiz Limited in Lahore, Pakistan - Ref. 106059
Toggle navigation
System Engineer / Network Administrator Jobs in Confiz Limited in Lahore, Pakistan
System Engineer / Network Administrator Job in Confiz Limited, Pakistan
Category
Job Type
Shift Timings
Requires Traveling
No
Career Level
Entry Level
Number Of Vacancies
1
Required Qualification
Bachelors or relevant
Required Experience
2 Years
Salary Per Month
25,000 - 40,000 PKR
Posted on
29/04/2014
Last Date
14/05/2014
Company
Location
,
Job Description
Confiz is looking for System Engineer with 3-4 years of related experience in Servers/Networks. We have variety of live servers running numerous web applications. This is a very challenging and interesting job for anyone who is interested in getting involved with a high tech web 2.0 development firm working on cutting edge web applications that have thousands of users. What we are looking for in YOU?Undergraduate or Graduate degree in CS or related fields.Live Server upgrade/maintenanceDatabase/Files Backup/ReplicationDisaster/Recovery PlanningSecurity, Conformance, etc.Infrastructure ImprovementWorking knowledge of web server (IIS, Apache, etc) and database management (MySQL, SQL Server, etc), involving setup, configuration, monitoring, backups, replication, clustering and security.Good understanding of network management and administering software project management applications, such as SVN and Redmine.Ability to setup and troubleshoot networking devices, and analyze/optimize network behavior, performance using various tools such as wireshark, tcpdump, squid, etc. Cisco/Juniper certification a plus.Comfortable with incorporating other standard as well as high-performance, high-scalability technology solutions as neededConfiz Limited is a leading software services & products company specialized in building mobile & web solutions. Our products include PakWheels, Pakistan's #1 Automotive Internet Portal, Simplicant, KamtaPakistan & many other. Confiz Limited believes that our growth is tied with the growth of people who work for Confiz. In particular, we provide a culture where individuals can grow professionally without any constraints. People who work with us work with the cutting-edge technologies while contributing success to the company as well as to themselves. This is obviously above and beyond the usual stuff (excellent pay, medical benefits, frequent appraisals and bonuses)
Job Specification
Undergraduate or Graduate degree in CS or related fields.Live Server upgrade/maintenanceDatabase/Files Backup/ReplicationDisaster/Recovery PlanningSecurity, Conformance, etc.Infrastructure Improvemen
×
Warning!
Do not make any payment to any company, a genuine employer will never ask you to pay in any case. ()
Jobs by Category
Jobs by Type
Jobs by Shift
Jobs in Pakistan
Jobs in Middle East
Other Tools
Copyright © 2014
All Rights Reserved -
- A Project of
×
Members Logon