ATM Associate Job, Lahore, Finca Microfinance Bank - ROZEE.PK
|
View all jobs from
ATM Associate
,
Lahore
|    |    |
Your application has been submitted successfully. Employer may contact you on .
Not a Member?
Upload your CV to apply for this job.
Step 1/2: Upload Your CV
CV Uploading...
Already a Member:   Login below
Find people you may know at Finca Microfinance Bank
Job Detail
More Jobs From:
Industry:
Functional Area:
Total Position:
1
Job Type:
Full Time/Permanent
Department:
Information Technology
Job Location:
,
Gender:
Doesn't Matter
Minimum Education:
Bachelor's Degree
Degree Title:
Degree in Computer Science / IT
Career Level:
Experienced (Non-Manager)
Required Experience:
2 Years - 3 Years (Experience in performing similar role at a bank)
Apply By:
May 10, 2014
Job Posting Date:
Apr 29, 2014
Jobs from Similar Employers
Job Description:
Explore, 	evaluate and recommend ATM brands/models depending on organization’s 	needManage 	vendor relationships and keep up to date with emerging trends and 	technologiesInstall, 	test and deploy ATMs as per organization’s plan, in coordination 	with relevant vendors and 1LINKManage 	and monitor ATM operations on a day-to-day basis; review and compile 	monitoring reportsCoordinate 	with vendors for regular maintenance as well as troubleshooting of 	ATMsCoordination 	with branches regarding resolution of ATM technical issuesAdministration 	and maintenance of card production systemDevelop 	and maintain technical documentation related to ATMsMaintenance 	of HSM (Host Security Module)Coordinate 	with 1-Link as and when needed for ATM certification and related 	mattersCoordinate 	with marketing team and core banking vendor for designing and 	developing new ATM screens or changes to existing screens
Skills:Hands 	on experience of Unix and LinuxGood 	knowledge of banking operationsRegular 	Reporting,Gathering and Analyzing Information,Good 	Verbal/Written Communication,Microsoft 	Office,Self-starter,Time 	management,Self-Development
Tasks
ROZEE.PK
Would you like to receive free alerts for similar jobs?
Email:
Job Seekers
Send FeedbackWe would like to hear from you.
Copyright ©2014 ROZEE.PK - Jobs in Pakistan
- All Rights Reserved. - A Division of Naseeb Networks, Inc.
Reproduction of material from any ROZEE.PK pages without permission is strictly prohibited.
|
|
|
|