Polio Eradication Officer - Multan, Faisalabad, Bahawalnagar, Sialkot, Sargodha, Kasur, Lahore, Multan, Faisalabad, Bahawalnagar, Sialkot, Sargodha, Kasur, Lahore, United Nations Pakistan
;
Employment
|
|
|
|
|
Apply for this job:
Cover Letter:
Please wait while we upload your P11 Form.
Applying for Job
Already a Member: Sign In Here
New Member: Sign Up Here
If you already have an account on
you don't need to fill out registration form to create a new account. Simply login using your ROZEE.PK username or email address and password.
New Member
Dear Applicant, Sorry! You don't posses the required qualifications and work experience, and therefore can not apply for this position, however, we appreciate your desire to work for the UN system in Pakistan.
Do you have the minimum qualification and experience required for this job?
or
This is an internal job restricted to other applicants. Are you an internal Employee?
or
Dear Applicant, Sorry! You don't posses the requirement, and therefore can not apply for this position, however, we appreciate your desire to work for the UN system in Pakistan.
Register your official email:
Please enter your username and select domain from drop down list.
Your Email:
Select Domain
@unhabitat.org.pk
@iom.int
@un.org.pk
@wfp.org
@undp.org
@unhcr.org
@unwomen.org
@unesco.org
@pak.emro.who.int
@unicef.org
@fao.org
@ilo.org
@unic.org
@unodc.org
@un.org
@unido.org
@unfpa.org
@unops.org
Pease Verify your Email:
A Verification Code has been sent to your given Email Address, Enter the Verification Code below or follow the instruction in email.
Verification code:
Polio Eradication Officer - Multan, Faisalabad, Bahawalnagar, Sialkot, Sargodha, Kasur, Lahore
|
Industry:
N.G.O./Social Services
Category:
Health & Medicine
Total Position:
1
Job Type:
Special Services Agreement (SSA)
Department:
WHO
Job Location:
Multan, Faisalabad, Bahawalnagar, Sialkot, Sargodha, Kasur, Lahore
Gender:
Doesn't Matter
Minimum Education:
Bachelors
Degree Title:
MBBS or Equivalent Degree recognized by PMDC
Career Level:
NOA
Minimum Experience:
3 Years((Public Health; preferably in EPI/PEI and Disease Surveillance))
Salary Range:
PKR. 125,000 to 150,000/Month
Required Travel:
50%
Work Permit:
Pakistan
Apply By:
May 15, 2014
Posted On:
May 6, 2014
Job Description
Job Description:Polio Eradication OfficerUnder the technical supervision of WHO Provincial andFederal Team Leader for polio eradication and the overallsupervision of the WHO Representative, the PolioEradication Officer will be responsible of all the polioeradication activities in the assigned district (s) and willundertake the following duties:Supplemental Polio Vaccination Campaigns(SIA)1. Provide technical support to pre-campaign activitiesparticularly planning, preparing and monitoring the quality ofarea level Micro-planning, at the union council, tehsil anddistricts levels.2. Monitor the availability of human and material resourcesand provide necessary support to augment them.3. Ensure selection of appropriate vaccinators andsupervisors according to the guidelines4. Monitor and support the trainings in the pre-campaignphase; for various categories of health workers involved invaccination and supervision.5. Monitor and supervise the work of all categories of healthworkers during the Implementation phase of the campaignand share the key observations and recommendations /action points with responsible authorities on daily basis.6. Monitor the utilization of resources and report issue, ifany.7. Participate in the identification and selection of theappropriate independent monitors for Post Campaignmonitoring and validity of the process and data.8. Thorough analysis of the post campaign independentmonitoring data after every vaccination round to: a) makingcorrective measures as per guidelines; b) identifying theissues to be addressed before the following vaccinationround and c) reporting to, and assisting the EDO (H) foractions required, if any.9. Work in the district Polio Control room with main emphasis on analyzing the monitoring data of all the Phases(pre-Campaign, Campaign and post campaign )and provide the Deputy Commissioner/District Coordination Officer with actionable data for decision making.10. Help EDO H to prepare a report for DPEC in line withthe Provincial and National Emergency Action Plan andseek support from public sector and NGO/Private sector aswell.11. Provide special focus on the high risk populationsduring all the phases of the campaign in line with thespecial strategies devised by MoH for risk populations andthe National Emergency Action Plan for Polio Eradication in2011.AFP Surveillance1. Support district health authorities in ensuring that there isa system in place for comprehensive AFP case detectionand response.2. Complement district health authorities / staff efforts toensure timely investigation of all AFP cases including timelystool collection and transportation and appropriate actionsare under taken in response to the surveillance findings.3. Undertake regular site visits to reporting sites to ensurethat no AFP cases are missed/ not reported.4. Facilitate that all data from AFP cases are properlycollected, line-listed, analyzed and interpreted timely; andforwarded to provincial office.5. Regularly monitor the quality of surveillance data in thedistrict(s) of responsibility.6. Participate in detailed epidemiological investigations ofurgent (hot), confirmed and compatible polio cases andAFP cases with zero routine OPV dose.7. Participate in training for health care workers on AFPsurveillance.8. Assist in ensuring inclusion of all high risk/ underserved/migrant population in the Surveillance network and all AFPsare reported from them.9. Assist with the strengthening of measles and MNTsurveillance activities.Routine EPIAssist in the various aspects to ensure development,maintenance, and monitoring of routine EPI, and participatein SIAs related to other EPI diseases.Skills Required:(Public Health; preferably in EPI/PEI and DiseaseSurveillance)
© 2014 United Nations. All rights reserved
in Pakistan