Field Sales Executive Job, Faisalabad, ROZEE.PK - ROZEE.PK
|
View all jobs from
Field Sales Executive
,
Lahore
|    |    |
Your application has been submitted successfully. Employer may contact you on .
Not a Member?
Upload your CV to apply for this job.
Step 1/2: Upload Your CV
CV Uploading...
Already a Member:   Login below
Find people you may know at ROZEE.PK
Job Detail
More Jobs From:
Industry:
Functional Area:
Total Position:
1
Job Type:
Full Time/Permanent (First Shift (Day))
Department:
Sales & Marketing
Job Location:
,
Gender:
Male
Minimum Education:
Bachelor's Degree
Career Level:
Officer
Required Experience:
1 Year - 2 Years (Field Sales / Business Development Experience is MUST)
Apply By:
Jul 29, 2014
Job Posting Date:
Apr 29, 2014
Jobs from Similar Employers
Job Description:
The successful candidate will be responsible for:Responsible for prospecting SMEs and explore new markets of potential clientele.Responsible for planning and strategizing Sales Plan for allocated territory on monthly basis.Responsible for going to qualified meetings. Give a complete online demonstration of ROZEE.PK products & services and close sales.Responsible for preparing proposals for customers based on their needs, including creative, innovative, novel, unique concepts and approaches with the help of Team Manager.Responsible for negotiations with clients and assisting/participating in the negotiations process.Responsible for creating and building client relationships.Responsible for attending various events organized or participated by the company.Provide timely feedback to the Team Manager regarding activities and meetings done with clients using CRM software.Increasing new clients as well as keeping good relationship with existing clients.
Sales Skills, , , ,
ROZEE.PK
Would you like to receive free alerts for similar jobs?
Email:
Job Seekers
Send FeedbackWe would like to hear from you.
Copyright ©2014 ROZEE.PK - Jobs in Pakistan
- All Rights Reserved. - A Division of Naseeb Networks, Inc.
Reproduction of material from any ROZEE.PK pages without permission is strictly prohibited.
|
|
|
|