Sales Analyst Job, Karachi, Dawlance Group of Companies - ROZEE.PK
|
View all jobs from
Sales Analyst
,
Karachi
|    |    |
Your application has been submitted successfully. Employer may contact you on .
Not a Member?
Upload your CV to apply for this job.
Step 1/2: Upload Your CV
CV Uploading...
Already a Member:   Login below
Find people you may know at Dawlance Group of Companies
Job Detail
More Jobs From:
Industry:
Consumer Durables
Functional Area:
Total Position:
1
Job Type:
Full Time/Permanent
Department:
Sales
Job Location:
,
Gender:
Doesn't Matter
Minimum Education:
Master's Degree
Degree Title:
MBA – Finance/ MSc in Statistics
Career Level:
Entry Level
Required Experience:
1 Year - 2 Years
Salary Range:
PKR. 50,000 - 60,000/Month
Apply By:
Jun 20, 2014
Job Posting Date:
May 6, 2014
Jobs from Similar Employers
Job Description:
OUR VISION & VALUES:Our Vision: Make Dawlance A Global Brand By Practicing Reliability: Make Pakistan Proud Of UsMission is to achieve VISION without compromising our core value of RELIABILITY.COMPANY EXPECTATIONS:At Dawlance, everyone has responsibilities to fulfill on a consistent basis. It is expected that you will achieve professional excellence while enjoying work. Every aspect of Business these days has a science behind it. You will be taught the Science behind Sales Analysis: how to enable decision making based on data analysis; how to help the sales team achieve their targets; creative designing of sales policies that bring profitability and market share to the company as well to its dealers.CAREER PATH:If you are prepared to deliver, Dawlance gives you an opportunity to excel and have career advances.57% of existing higher managerial positions in Sales function are held by individuals who joined Dawlance earlier in the career.We encourage people to state or discover their passion and then match their passion with their responsibilities.As Sales Analyst, you will be expected to head the Sales Planning function in 4-5 years.The company also provides opportunities for cross-functional movements from sales into areas such as field sales, marketing and customer services if ones passion so demands.KEY RESPONSIBILITIES:Design sales policies and measure their effectiveness in terms of market share and profitability.Assist in providing accurate sales forecast based on analysis of sales trends across regions and product categories.Increase productivity of the sales force by providing actionable data.Monitor SKU wise sales against budget and provide pro-active data to counter any variances.
Skills Required:
, ,
ROZEE.PK
Would you like to receive free alerts for similar jobs?
Email:
Job Seekers
Send FeedbackWe would like to hear from you.
Copyright ©2014 ROZEE.PK - Jobs in Pakistan
- All Rights Reserved. - A Division of Naseeb Networks, Inc.
Reproduction of material from any ROZEE.PK pages without permission is strictly prohibited.
|
|
|
|