Scholarship Officer, Islamabad, Pakistan job - World Learning - Islamabad | Indeed.com.pk
What:
Where:
job title, keywords or company
city or province
Scholarship Officer, Islamabad, Pakistan
World Learning
-
Islamabad
Job Title: Scholarship officer
Location: Islamabad, Pakistan
Travel Requirements: When required by Scholarship Advisor
Project/Dept: Pakistan Reading Project/Scholarships
REPORTING RELATIONSHIPS AND COORDINATION:
Reports to: Scholarship Advisor
Support by: Scholarship Advisor
Coordinates With
Internal: Scholarship Advisor
PROGRAM BACKGROUND:
World Learning is a non-profit organization advancing leadership in more than 60 countries. For 80 years, we have envisioned a just world driven by engaged citizens and thriving communities. To achieve this goal, we provide education, exchange, and development programs that empower people and strengthen institutions.
World Learning has been working in Pakistan since 2013. Under the International Rescue Committee, World Learning is operating the USAID-funded Pakistan Reading Project (PRP) to improve the quality of reading in public and private schools, supporting at least 2.5 million additional primary school students to read at a level commensurate with standards at their grade level. This goal will be supported by the mutually-reinforcing components of teacher education and professional development, systems reform, and civil society engagement.
RESPONSIBILITIES:
Job Summary:
The Scholarship Officer, with support and guidance from the Scholarship Advisor, will play an important role in the PRP Scholarships program that supports pre- and in-service teachers to enhance their professional development. The Scholarship Officer will assist provincial Scholarship Managers in gathering all the data required centrally for scholarship recipients and help in manage and maintain records. The Scholarship Officer will also support the Scholarship Advisor in all day to day activities regarding the scholarships program, including award ceremonies, recipient mentoring, and teacher professional development activities.
Specific Responsibilities:
• Provide administrative support in management of scholarship files and materials
• Coordinate with the provincial/regional scholarship managers to collect the data of scholarship recipients
• Enter scholarship recipient data into project database
• Thoroughly verify and regularly update the data and supporting documents of each scholarship recipient
• Maintain scholarship disbursement records
• Keep records of scholarship orientation and mentoring sessions
• Coordinate with the Director of Finance and Operations in organizing pay orders of the scholarship recipients
• Any other duty to be assigned by supervisor or his/her designee
QUALIFICATIONS
Education:
• Bachelor or equivalent
Work Experiences:
• Minimum of 2-3 years’ relevant work experience with INGO.
Demonstrated Skills:
• Strong coordination and interpersonal skills
• Ability to build and maintain effective relationships with colleagues
• Attention to detail
• Independent follow through of all assigned tasks
Language and Computer Skills:
• Good verbal and written communication skills in both English and Urdu language
• Can communicate in dominantly spoken local language
• Strong computer skills in data base management
Travel:
• Ability and willingness to travel when required
To apply: Please visit our website www.worldlearning.org and click on the employment tab to submit your application. If you do not see the job you are interested in, please “search all.” Please note, a resume and cover letter are required when applying to this position.
World Learning is an equal opportunity, affirmative action employer.
World Learning
- 1 day ago
-
save job
-
»
Recommended Jobs
-
Rawalpindi
nelaam.com - 19 days ago
About this company
4 reviews
For jobs in the United States, please visit
-
-
-
©2014 Indeed -