Vulnerability Analysis & Mapping (VAM) Officer job - United Nations Pakistan - Islamabad | Indeed.com.pk
What:
Where:
job title, keywords or company
city or province
Vulnerability Analysis & Mapping (VAM) Officer
United Nations Pakistan
-
Islamabad
The Vulnerability Analysis and Mapping Unit (VAM) of WFP is responsible for conducting assessments and analysis on food security situation across the country in order to help informed decision making. WFP VAM unit in Pakistan has established itself as the leading source of evidence-based information on food security, based on various studies, assessments and monitoring. It is also playing an important role in collaboration with the Government of Pakistan, UN agencies and other stakeholders on issues related to food security. The Programme Officer (Vulnerability Analysis and Mapping) is the senior most national officer position within the VAM unit and is thus expected to play a major role in leading the VAM activities. He/she is responsible for supervising the assistant and conducting the annual performance review.
Under the supervision of the Head of the VAM unit, the incumbent is expected to perform the following duties:
Strengthen WFP knowledgebase and theunderstanding of food security and vulnerability issues at country levelcontributing to a better preparedness and response capacity to protect thelives and livelihoods of vulnerable communities that are at risk;
Ensure the use of such knowledge toinform WFP decision making and contribute to country level work ofgovernment counterparts, civil society organizations, bilateral donors andUN agencies;
Contribute to the establishment andmanagement of a food security and vulnerability monitoring system todetect changes in food security and vulnerability situation of populationsat risk;
Contribute to the capacity development ofthe Government of Pakistan and other national organizations in foodsecurity analysis and policies;
Lead and/or participate in food securityand vulnerability assessments, as well as other joint assessments;
Contribute to analysis of temporal andspatial patterns of food insecurity and vulnerability analysis;
Contribute to various informationproducts such as food security bulletin, emergency bulletin, marketreports and other thematic reports;
Supervise staff and ensure that relevantstaff are adequately trained in order to achieve high working standards;
Perform other related duties as required.
Results Expected:
With high degree of independence, a seasoned professional provides well prepared analytical work including preparation of quality documents to ensure timely delivery of assigned outputs; develops creative approaches to problem resolution; develops and maintains partnerships with colleagues internally and with other organizations in the area of responsibility to ensure smooth collaboration; provides sound analytical inputs and contributes to improving institutional capacity to address problems/issues pertaining to the area of work; provides guidance and/or supervises professional and general staff.
Knowledge:
Strong knowledge of food security analysis and the data collection, treatment, and manipulation techniques typically associated with it. Knowledge of policy issues to address food insecurity. Good computer skills including word processing, spreadsheet, database and GIS applications. Working knowledge of basic statistics. Good understanding of food security situation in the economic and social context of Pakistan.
Language:
Fluency in both oral and written communication in English and local language in Urdu and Pashto.
Desirable criteria:
Advanced knowledge of statistical analysis including the use of statistical packages. Good command of qualitative and quantitative survey techniques. Experience in GIS and remote sensing. Experience in the design and implementation of food aid programme.
Job competencies:
Action management, Communication, Ethics & Values, Teamwork, Client orientation, Interpersonal relations, Cognitive capacity, Stamina & Stress Resistance, Behavioural Flexibility.
United Nations PAkistan
- 4 days ago
-
save job
-
»
Recommended Jobs
UN -
Islamabad
UN - 4 days ago
United Nations Pakistan -
Islamabad
United Nations PAkistan - 4 days ago
UN -
Islamabad
UN - 4 days ago
For jobs in the United States, please visit
-
-
-
©2014 Indeed -