Solid Waste Management Specialist
in World Vision International
Welcome Guest
|
|
Email
Password
Registered Users
1,204,176
Posted Jobs
33,814
Solid Waste Management Specialist
World Vision International
Posted :04 May, 2014
1,112 views
Job Location: RawalpindiCountry: PakistanPositions: 1Job Type: Full Time
Department / Job Category: Community, Social Services, and Nonprofit
Last Date: 11 May, 2014
PURPOSE OF POSITION:
This incumbent will conduct studies and share technical input on hazardous waste management in Urban WASH project, propose treatment and containment of hazardous waste and participate in the development of hazardous waste rules and regulations to protect people and environment. This position is expected to prepare informational literature & IEC material to provide technical assistance to representatives of industry, government agencies, and general public for raising awareness about and assess available hazardous waste treatment and disposal alternatives and costs involved, to compare economic impact of alternative methods.
TASKS AND RESPONSIBILITIES:
Identify targeted communities that meets WASH criteria for area selection:
Affected by human induced disaster in the project areas.
High communicable water related diseases cases/prevalence/outbreaks, i.e. diarrhea, cholera, malaria, etc.
Poorest population according to WV Pakistan criteria and/or government criteria
Communities of semi urban areas /slum areas living with serious WASH conditions
Within integrated area strategy
Security clearance
Carry out a detailed assessment & mapping of the existing institutional arrangements for the Solid waste management in the city.
Develop methodology for solid waste segregation, collection and safe disposal.
Develop guidelines and manual for safe disposal of SWM.
Contributes to preparing training materials on SW management strategy and curriculum to technical training workshops
Conduct training of sanitary workers on effective management of solid wastes being generated from households
Sensitization of sanitary workers, children, especially rag pickers and scavengers on hazardous waste collection and alternate/safe practices
Assist technically in developing role play/drama/street Theater on 3R.
Conduct IEE (Initial Environmental Examination) for recycling units.
Propose dumping sites keeping in view ground water vulnerability, impact on the local environment and historical and archeological value of the proposed site.
To coordinate with government and DSGs or institutions about area selection;
Standard on WASH activities and qualities, technical issues, collaboration when working in same areas and other necessary actions required to support community needs and meet projects requirement.
Coordinate with Communication in publishing manual, guideline and success stories on proper SWM.
Create awareness of environmental friendly practices and 3R both within and outside World Vision
Develop Interactive messages on environmental friendly practices and proper SWM for radio, newspaper, TV and IEC material.
Coordinate with advocacy team if there is important issue regarding improper waste management and sanitation that requires public and government to be alert and conduct necessary action to solve the issues.
Technically assist to prepare action plans and design media advocacy programmes
Organize donor /auditors /evaluators visits; prepare communities for the visits/ events organized for internal and external stake holders as needed.
Develop strategic tools and implementation plan to lead/conduct survey on waste to identify the root cause of to determine type and magnitude of disposal problem.
Thus organizing community needs and achieve project targets in line with budget, staffs and project deadlines.
Can prepare budgets and ensure optimal utilization of resources in case of budget constraints
Can attract donors and funding agencies by writing concept notes, proposals at short notice and excellent in documentation of success stories and case studies.
Conduct monitoring on all WASH project activities in the field to ensure they are appropriate, used and maintained well by community and meet the quantity, quality standard, budget and timeline of projects.
To coordinate with other sectors for projects implementation:
Cooperate with NFI team for the preparation of WASH items distribution and demonstration plans as required.
Finance for budgets and expenses of projects : Assist in budget development and, and ensure that projects are managed to ensure delivery within approved budget.
Logistics for providing and distributing any materials and equipment required to implement the projects
Identify the possibilities of providing water & sanitation facilities and hygiene promotion in the existing child friendly space and other children related activities in cooperation with Child Protection.
To inform Health team on outbreak of disease in the community and conduct necessary assessments & arrangement to provide information and mitigation in affected areas by applying latest approaches in hygiene promotion.
Assist WASH Program Manager in ensuring that WASH programs and their delivery incorporate appropriate elements of accountability, monitoring and evaluation, gender, protection, disabilities and other relevant themes.
Provide early information to the WASH program manager on any anticipated deviations from budget and initiate requests for modifications to budget if necessary.
Seek innovative ways for delivering WASH projects, including contracts and partnering arrangements with private companies in ways which optimize value for money
To identify team needs for capacity building according to the SWOT analysis of their capabilities and ongoing job performance. Plan/organize trainings with the help of P&C for WASH staffs either indoor or field based.
Monitor WASH staff activities to ensure they apply Code of Conduct, Sphere minimum standards and WV policies while conducting their activities and in line with project implementation planning and schedules.
Must have the spirit of team building, can settle clash on interest, ideas and any issues at field level among teams and in community.
PREFERRED SKILLS, KNOWLEDGE AND EXPERIENCE:
University degree in Environmental engineering or Environmental sciences , Solid waste management 4 months Diploma, Natural Sciences , PGD WASH.
7 years or more proven experience in development programme planning and project management and implementation.
Have knowledge & skills in Community Led Total Sanitation (CLTS), Participatory Hygiene and Sanitation Transformation (PHAST) and experienced in conducting training and implementation for PHAST& CLTS at least 5 years.
Hot Jobs
.....
.....
.....
.....
.....
Spotlight
Copyright 2014 BrightSpyre.com