Custumer Service Representative Jobs in Span Bpo in Rawalpindi, Pakistan - Ref. 106187
Toggle navigation
Custumer Service Representative Jobs in Span Bpo in Rawalpindi, Pakistan
Custumer Service Representative Job in Span Bpo, Pakistan
Category
Job Type
Shift Timings
Requires Traveling
No
Career Level
Entry Level
Number Of Vacancies
25
Required Qualification
Graduate
Required Experience
Fresh Graduate
Salary Per Month
15,000 - 80,000 PKR
Posted on
02/05/2014
Last Date
17/05/2014
Company
Location
,
Job Description
The Sales and Support is a department that works internationally on Outbound Sales & Support calls. Looking for Experienced Appointment / Lead Generation Setting Executives for American Projects.Job is related to lead Generation and appointment setting projects B2C .Span is looking forward to working with some of the finest individuals with excellent communication and selling skills - individuals who have desire to learn, develop, excel and achieve the highest standards. SPAN BPO is giving Free Call Center Training with a Guaranteed job!!! Attractive Basic Salary + Commissions+ Performance Incentives & complete career.A GRAND PRIZE of LAPTOP or BIKE or Mobile Phone is offered to the TOP SELLERS on Quarterly Performances.Employees attaining good performances are also entertained with luxurious family dinners & trips of northern areas of Pakistan Daily, weekly & monthly bonuses plus incentives.(Good salary package is waiting for the right deserving candidate) .
Job Specification
The candidates must have the following:1. American accent/ Neutral accent2. Should be able to speak English fluently with full confidence3. International Call Center Experience will be added advantage4. Must have strong interpersonal skills5. Must have strong selling skills 6. Must be available for work during Night Shift (9pm - 6am)
×
Warning!
Do not make any payment to any company, a genuine employer will never ask you to pay in any case. ()
Jobs by Category
Jobs by Type
Jobs by Shift
Jobs in Pakistan
Jobs in Middle East
Other Tools
Copyright © 2014
All Rights Reserved -
- A Project of
×
Members Logon