Communication Assistant - UNICEF - Islamabad job - Islamabad | Indeed.com.pk
What:
Where:
job title, keywords or company
city or province
Communication Assistant - UNICEF - Islamabad
Islamabad
Master degree in social sciences, business or public administration.
5 years relevant experience.
Provide support to Senior Communication Manager and Communication team in performing daily communication activities and support social communications and social mobilization in data analysis for COMNet deployment and communication strategies including C4D, Media and High Risk groups.
KEY ACCOUNTABILITIES, DUTIES and TASKS
Within the delegated authority and under the given organizational set-up, the incumbent may be assigned the primary, shared, or contributory accountabilities for all or part of the following areas of major duties and key end-results.
• Assists Sr. Communication Manager in daily activities, such as planning and arranging meetings, keeping track of all meetings and conference calls, update schedules and calendars to ensure smooth operation of the communication section activities.
• Program management support for mass media campaigns. Support on gathering data and compilation of weekly and monthly Polio communication reports as well as putting together presentations for internal meetings and meetings with donors, partners and GOP.
• Support social communications and social mobilization in data analysis for COMNet deployment and communication strategies including C4D, Media and High Risk groups. The incumbent could also support team with organizing FGDs and gathering stories for COMNet visibility. The incumbent should support in the development and maintenance of COMNet calendar of events, deployment/ security/ polio case status maps in consultation with the provincial focal persons and/ or section leads within Polio section at CO.
• Maintain inventory of all printed materials; maintain digital photo database along with caption and detail, ready to be utilized as and when required for presentations, reports and briefing etc. Maintains e-record and e-archive communication materials including press releases, briefings, talking points, presentations, minutes of communication and other relevant meetings, including conference calls with provinces, HQ and partners. Manage and update section data base of contacts of the Government counterparts, donor, UN/NGO, and media communities, for use in networking and materials distribution. Prepares, updates and verifies with the relevant section lead communication materials distribution list.
Apply Online
PakistanJobs
- 4 days ago
-
save job
-
»
For jobs in the United States, please visit
-
-
-
©2014 Indeed -