Marketing Manager Jobs in Cherry Pharmaceutica International , Lahore, Pakistan | JI101901
Job Seeker Login:
|
If you're looking to post a job or searching resumes, go to our employer website
Marketing Manager Jobs in Multi Locations
Company Name
Cherry Pharmaceutica International
Company Industry
Pharmaceuticals/Clinical Research
Job Functional Area
Job Title
Marketing Manager
Job Location
, ,
Degree Title
DVM, B.Sc
Minimum Experience
6 Years
Posted on
Apr 27, 2014
Job Description
A veterinary pharmaceutical Company specializing in poultry Medicines & Feed Additives being sole representative of European & Malaysian companies is in process of recruiting the services of the following:
Marketing Manager:
- DVM, B.Sc
- Minimum 6 years Experience to be based in Lahore.
The above positions are entitled to company maintained car along with other fringe benefits.Apply Instructions for This Job
Apply in full confidence with latest resume and fresh photograph before May 06, 2014.
Cherry Pharmaceutical International
J4-E, Punjab Co-operative Housing Society, Ghazi Road, Lahore Cantt,Find Similar Jobs formed consultancy Corporation urgently requires:
1- Assistant to CEO.
2- Sales & Marketing Executive. ... woven garments factory requires dynamic, career oriented:
Marketing Merchandising Manager:
Suitable candidate from similar field should have minimum experience of 5 t ... Pakistan, require following professionals to strengthen its team.
Manager (Marketing & Sales)	No.01
4-5 years
MBA Marketing with Engineering background. Market res ... communication skills with strong business related knowledge.
Highly self motivated and ambitious in achieving Targets.
Should possess the skill to work both in tea ... LINE SALES AND MARKETING EXECUTIVE
Requirements:
- Have minimum of 3 years sales experience on same field (no compromise)
- Must be computer literate, dynamic a ...
More Jobs
,
, Find Relevant Functional Area Jobs, , , ,
* Your Full Name:
* Your Email Address:
* Friends' Email Addresses:
[Separate email addresses with comma, max 3 emails at a time]
Job Title:
Marketing Manager
Add Note (Optional):
Log in to save this job, and find the jobs you saved already! If you are new at Careermidway.com, please
Email Address:
Password:
Enter your email address. You will receive a notification email with details on login information.
Enter email address
Comments
Posted by
Bashir Khan (bashir.saffron@gmail.com)
My total pharma marketing experience is 19 years.this time i m sales manager in saffron pharmaceuticals .i want to offer my services as marketing manager in ur esteemed organisation .
Post Comments on this Job
Relevant comments on this job are highly appreciated.
Please use personal name or nickname rather keywords in the name field.
Comments filling the fields with anchor text to spam this site and search engines may be edited, have URLs removed, or deleted entirely.
Your Name:
Your Email:
Show Email:
Check this to show your email address alongwith your name/comments.
Your Comments:
Enter Code*:
International Jobs
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
© Copyright 2014 All rights reserved Careermidway.com
|
|
|
|