Managers and Executives Jobs in ZXMCO Pakistan (Pvt) Limited, Lahore, Pakistan | JI137554
Job Seeker Login:
|
If you're looking to post a job or searching resumes, go to our employer website
Managers and Executives Jobs in Multi Locations
Company Name
ZXMCO Pakistan (Pvt) Limited
Company Industry
Manufacturing/Production
Job Functional Area
, , ,
Job Title
Managers and Executives
Job Location
, , ,
Posted on
Apr 27, 2014
Job Description
ZXMCO Pakistan (Pvt) Ltd. is the fastest growing brand in the motorcycle manufacturing Industry with a national and international sales network. We are looking for young, dedicated and seasoned professionals for the following positions at our plant and regional office in Lahore.
1- Production Manager: No.1
- Have Experience of CNC
- B.E. Mech / Manf.
- Raiwind, Lahore
- 5 Years minimum experience
2- Country Manager Business Development: No.1
- MBA (Marketing)
- Raiwind, Lahore
- 7 years minimum experience
3- Executive (Credit Receivables): No.4
- MBA (Marketing)
- Lahore & Multan
- 2 years
4- Executive (Sales): No.4
- MBA (Marketing)
- Lahore & Multan
- 2 Years minimum experience
Preference shall be given to candidates with experience in the Auto Industry.
Only short listed candidates will be contacted.
Competitive compensation will be given to the right candidate.Apply Instructions for This Job
Please email your resume or send by post not later than 4th May, 2014, mentioning the position applied for in subject line/cover letter.
Group Manager Human Resource
Dar-ul-Salam Road, Off Raiwind Road 23-KM Thokar Niaz Baig Raiwind Road, Lahore
Email: Find Similar Jobs diversified business activities for their expanding team in Bahrain.
The candidate should have good verbal communication skill in English and Arabic will be added ad ... /Associate Professor in Linguistics
6- English Instructor language center
7- Assistant Professor in Electrical Engineering
8- Senior Biomedical Engineer
9- Sport ... company in Qatar is looking for:
- Aluminum & Steel Fabricator
- Installer
- Design Engineers & Stainless Steel Welders and Fabricators ... management, including: Experience in Data entry in accounting software. Plus Liaison with bank and sales staff regarding sales proceeds control. Debtor Ageing preparat ... Min. 6 Years of experience preferably in Telecom Sector.
2- Senior Accountant
Qualification: B.Com / ACMA /MBA Finance
Experience: Min. 6 Years o ...
More Jobs
, , , , Find Relevant Functional Area Jobs, , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
* Your Full Name:
* Your Email Address:
* Friends' Email Addresses:
[Separate email addresses with comma, max 3 emails at a time]
Job Title:
Managers and Executives
Add Note (Optional):
Log in to save this job, and find the jobs you saved already! If you are new at Careermidway.com, please
Email Address:
Password:
Enter your email address. You will receive a notification email with details on login information.
Enter email address
Post Comments on this Job
Relevant comments on this job are highly appreciated.
Please use personal name or nickname rather keywords in the name field.
Comments filling the fields with anchor text to spam this site and search engines may be edited, have URLs removed, or deleted entirely.
Your Name:
Your Email:
Show Email:
Check this to show your email address alongwith your name/comments.
Your Comments:
Enter Code*:
International Jobs
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
© Copyright 2014 All rights reserved Careermidway.com
|
|
|
|