administration job - Quaid-i-Azam University - Islamabad | Indeed.com.pk
What:
Where:
job title, keywords or company
city or province
administration
Quaid-i-Azam University
-
Islamabad
Machine Man
Graduate along with D.A.E (Printing & Drafts) with 05 years experience in the relevant field.
Network Administrator
Master’s in Computer Science / BS Hons (four years-2nd Division) / equivalent degree from an HEC recognized Institute / University with 03-years relevant experience.
Graphic Designer
B.FA Graphic Design / M.A (Graphic Design) OR D.A.E (Printing & Graphic) with 05 years experience in the relevant field.
Computer Programmer
Master’s in Computer Science / BS Hons (four years-2nd Division) / equivalent degree from an HEC recognized Institute / University. Preference will be given to those who have experience in programming and who have good knowledge of important software packages.
Accountant
Graduate (at least 2nd Division) preferably B.Com with 3-years experience in accounts.
Data Processor / Junior Programmer
Graduation in Computer Sciences from a recognized institute/University; or Graduation with PGD with three year’s experience.
Hardware Technician
Graduation in Computer Sciences from a recognized institute/University with three years experience; or Graduation with PGD with three years experience; or DAE with five years experience.
Superintendent
Graduate (at least 2nd Division) with 3-years relevant experience.
Assistant Transport Officer
An ex-service man not below the rank of NCO having the following qualifications and experience: (a) MT Course from School of ASC;(b) experience as Transport Officer in an Army Unit for three years; (c) three years Diploma in Automotive / Mechanical Engineering
Assistant Security Officer
Graduation (2nd division) from a recognized institute/University with three years experience in the relevant field. Preference will be given to ex-servicemen with experience in the relevant field.
Office Assistant
Graduate (2nd Division) from a recognized University OR Intermediate (2nd Division) with 5-years relevant experience. Preference will be given to those who are computer literate.
Laboratory Technician (Electrical / Chemical / Mechanical)
03-years diploma in the relevant technology from the Board of Technical Education or any recognized institution with one year experience in relevant field. 13.
Plumber / Carpenter / Polish Man
3-years Diploma in the relevant technology or certified skill worker with 03 years experience in the relevant field.
Library Assistant
Graduate (2nd Division) from a recognized institute / university with certificate in Library Sciences & Knowledge of Computer
Laboratory Assistant
B.Sc. (2nd Division); or F. Sc. (2nd Division) with 03 years experience in the relevant field.
Computer Lab Assistant
Graduate in Computer Sciences; or Intermediate in Computer Sciences (2nd division) with three years experience in the relevant field.
Store Keeper
Graduate (2nd division) from a recognized institute/University with two years experience of store keeping or Intermediate (2nd division) with five years experience of store keeping.
Computer Operator
Intermediate in Computer Sciences; or Intermediate (2nd Division) with one year diploma in Computer Science from the Board of Technical Education.
Data Entry Operator
Intermediate (2nd Division) with one year Diploma in Computer Science Preference will be given to those who are computer Proficiency.
Data Analyst
M.Sc. or BS (or equivalent qualification) in Computer Science / IT / Statistics having sound knowledge of use of at least one statistical package and ability to write (computer) program. Knowledge of MS Office is mandatory.
Coffee Shop Lab Operator / House Keeping Lab Operator / Kitchen Lab Operator / Reservation & Reception Lab Operator / Service Supervisor
Associate Degree (at least 2nd Division) in Hotel & Restaurant / Hospitality Management or equivalent relevant degree from an HEC recognized University / Institution or Foreign Degree / Diploma in Hotel Management or equivalent relevant Diploma. (university level experience will be preferred)
Media Assistant
Intermediate with 1-year diploma in relevant field from any recognized Govt. or Semi Govt. Organization with 8-years relevant experience of public / private renowned organizations/agencies. Event Assistant (IT)
Intermediate with 1-year diploma in relevant field from any recognized Govt. or Semi Govt. Organization with 8-years relevant experience of public / private renowned organizations/agencies. (university level experience will be preferred)
Graphic Artist / CTP Operator
Intermediate with 2-year diploma in multimedia from any recognized Govt. or Semi Govt. Organization with 8-years relevant experience of public / private renowned organizations/agencies. Software Program Coordinator
B.A / B. Sc. With PGD IT or B. Sc. (Computer Science) with no experience. OR Intermediate with one years Certificate in Computer from any recognized Govt. or Semi Govt. Organization and three years relevant experience of software usage. OR ICs with three years relevant experience of software usage.
Supervisor Horticulture Department
Matriculation with 05 years relevant experience.(university level experience will be preferred)
Wood Workshop Supervisor
Matriculation with 05 years relevant experience.(university level experience will be preferred)
AC Technician
03-years diploma or 02-years Certificate in Air Conditioning & Refrigeration with 05 years relevant experience.
30.
Generator Technician
03-years diploma in the relevant technology from the Board of Technical Education or any recognized institution with one year experience in relevant field.
Positions are available in all campuses. Send your updates resumes at hr.qauniversity@gmail.com
Job Title
:
administration
Job Category
:
Administration
Salary (Pak Rs.)
:
36000-40000
Job Mode
:
Full Time
Qualification
:
Diploma
Last Date To Apply
:
October 24, 2013
Experience
:
Fresh
Vacancies
:
300
Pakpositions
- 6 days ago
-
save job
-
»
Recommended Jobs
Makkays -
Islamabad
placingjobs.com - 2 days ago
-
Islamabad
pak.jobs-career-employment.com - 18 days ago
-
Rawalpindi
nelaam.com - 21 days ago
For jobs in the United States, please visit
-
-
-
©2014 Indeed -