Assistant Manager Employee Services‎ job - Mobilink GSM (PMCL) - Islamabad | Indeed.com.pk
What:
Where:
job title, keywords or company
city or province
Assistant Manager Employee Services‎
Mobilink GSM (PMCL)
-
Islamabad
The ideal candidate should:
Hold a Bachelors or Master’s degree in Information Systems.
Have 3 - 6 years of work experience in HR ERP implementation/Oracle administration
Job Description:
Gather requirements and manage implementation of Oracle Fusion HCM (Cloud)
Provide techno-functional-consultancy for Oracle HCM project including legacy data migration and current HR Systems
Ensure that functional requirements are thoroughly captured and implemented in Oracle.
Advise business process review (where necessary) in order to capitalize on Oracle HCM.
Advise change / customizations as per business needs.
Ensure that Oracle HCM is configured in line with business processes and structures.
Ensure all data migration is managed in best possible way.
Coordinate with technology team, vendors to ensure HCM is configured as per agreement / best practices.
Manage training application and self-service users.
Manage front-end administration of HR Systems.
Ensure systems serve needs of business and employees
Provide periodic / customized HR Analytics and reports / dashboards based on employee data.
Ensure data integrity of all HR Systems.
Ensure employee records, organization structure; hierarchies.
Ensure smooth service delivery to employees through HR Systems.
Provide employee services to line and employees.
Essential Requirements:
Should be self-directed and motivated
Ability to analyze and think strategically
Strong communication and interpersonal skills
Desirable Requirements:
Ability to plan and organize tasks effectively
Strong decision making and problem solving skills
Proficiency in MS Office Suite
Rozee
- 7 days ago
-
save job
-
»
Recommended Jobs
Errands Services -
Rawalpindi
Mustakbil - 7 days ago
SNL Financial -
Islamabad
SNL Financial - 22 days ago
For jobs in the United States, please visit
-
-
-
©2014 Indeed -