Acccountant - Female Job, Karachi, Do Advertising - ROZEE.PK
|
View all jobs from
Acccountant - Female
,
Karachi
|    |    |
Your application has been submitted successfully. Employer may contact you on .
Not a Member?
Upload your CV to apply for this job.
Step 1/2: Upload Your CV
CV Uploading...
Already a Member:   Login below
Find people you may know at Do Advertising
Job Detail
More Jobs From:
Industry:
Functional Area:
Total Position:
2
Job Type:
Full Time/Permanent (First Shift (Day))
Job Location:
,
Gender:
Female
Age:
23 - 40 Year
Minimum Education:
Master's Degree
Degree Title:
MBA,M.COM,CA Inter,ACCA,ICMA
Career Level:
Experienced (Non-Manager)
Minimum Experience:
2 Years (Fresh with internships shall also be consider)
Apply By:
May 30, 2014
Job Posting Date:
May 5, 2014
Jobs from Similar Employers
Job Description:
· Compiles and validates financial information and supporting documents to post entries to general ledger accounts.·
Responsible for ensuring all transactions are processed accurately and completely and on a timely basis. ·
Ensures all transactions are appropriately approved before posting to the general ledger and ensure proper segregation of duties.·
Responsible for preparing all month end journals for accruals, provisions, depreciation and prepayments and ensuring these are adjusted the following month where appropriate.·
Prepares bank reconciliation on a monthly basis. Liaises with A/P accountant, payroll accountant and financial analysis for queries on reconciling items.
·
Prepare management accounts on a monthly basis.·
Prepares annual financial statements in accordance with IFRS.·
Responsible for the accurate filing of all documentation within the accounting department.·
Generates reports from general ledger data for management’s reference as and when required.·
Maintains data bases and filing systems for the accounting unit. ·
Participates in the preparation and customization of reports for management team as appropriate. ·
Prepares back up schedules for general ledger accounts as required by the auditors.·
Prepares and analyses reports for the Senior Financial Accountant as required.
Performs additional duties as assigned by superiors.
ToolsMicrosoft Office Accounting
ROZEE.PK
Would you like to receive free alerts for similar jobs?
Email:
Job Seekers
Send FeedbackWe would like to hear from you.
Copyright ©2014 ROZEE.PK - Jobs in Pakistan
- All Rights Reserved. - A Division of Naseeb Networks, Inc.
Reproduction of material from any ROZEE.PK pages without permission is strictly prohibited.
|
|
|
|