Bahauddin Zakariya University, Multan Jobs 2014 - SialTV.PK
Most Popular Site in Pakistan
May2
The Bahauddin Zakariya University, Multan recently announced some of vacant posts in the Department of Saraiki. The candidate who are fit for the posts can welcome to apply and Join the Institute to work for the nation.
Jobs in Government Department is most popular Jobs in Pakistan. Everyone ant to get Government Job. This time SIALTV.PK share with our Users the Letest Job in Educational Institute in Multan.
Applications are invited from Pakistani Nationals for the following posts at Bahauddin Zakariya University, Multan:-
Additional Director (Media & Publication) For Saraiki Area Study Centre
Museum Incharge / Curator For Saraiki Area Study Centre
Engineer For Saraiki Area Study Centre
Chemist For Saraiki Area Study Centre
Sound Recordist For Saraiki Area Study Centre
Floor Manager For Saraiki Area Study Centre
Research Associate
Archaeology
Cultural Studies
Saraiki (language & Literature)
Linguistics (English, Saraiki)
Last date for receipt of applications is 15th May, 2014 in the office of the Registrar during office hours.
Share this:
0 Comments
You can be the first one to leave a comment.
Leave a Comment
Name: *required
Email: *required
Website:
Comment:
Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email.
Author
Muhammad Asad Sial is a founder of SialTV.PK. I am the admin of the website. I am interested in getting great content on Pakistan, Cricket and ongoing trends.
Like us on Facebook
Join Us
Latest
Popular
1448 comments
779 comments
193 comments
119 comments
86 comments
Comments
I aM WaiTiNg,,,,,,,,,,,
I aM WaiTiNg,,,,,,,,,,,
I aM WaiT…
thanks …
Plzzzzxzzz start in my area new multan and shah ruk ne alarm…
Sir please give me my roll no of 1st year …
baloch colony ya baloch pull py 3g covrage ni ati kya …
Latest Tweets8th Class Student Commit Suicide in Lahore
University of Science & Technology, Bannu NTS Test 27 April 2014 Result announced
NTS GAT Subject Test 18th May 2014 Roll No. Slips
Ufone Starts Free 3G Trial Service in Karachi
Amir Khan vs Luis Collazo Boxing Match Live Streaming on PTV Sports
by
Copyright © 2014 SialTV.PK. All Rights Reserved.