Survey Expert in BEFARe
Welcome Guest
|
|
Email
Password
Registered Users
1,204,176
Posted Jobs
33,814
Survey Expert
BEFARe
Posted :29 April, 2014
1,386 views
Job Location: MultanCountry: PakistanPositions: 1Job Type: Contractual
Department / Job Category: Others
Last Date: 11 May, 2014
Salary: PKR 60,000-100,000 would be decided on the experience and skills of a person
Relevant Experience:
Preferably Master in Statistics/ Economics
Full time working experience of 3-5 years in designing and conducting surveys/ FGDs preferably in development sector
Experience of using computer software such as word processor, statistical analysis (SAS, SPSS, PowerPoint, Access, Excel or any other software beneficial for producing survey reports)
Reguired Skills:
Strong editing, writing and proofreading skills in English and Urdu and ability to adapt to different writing styles
Strong statistical skills and had a hands on experience on conducting various kinds of surveys.
Ability to deliver presentations.
Excellent organizational and problem-solving skills; ability to work independently and in a team environment
Job Description:
Collaborate in the survey planning, implementation, and finalization of survey report.
Conduct surveys and collect data, using methods such as interviews, questionnaires, focus groups, or any other data collection tool where required.
Determine and specify details of surveys, including sources of information, procedures to be used, and the design of survey instruments and materials.
Provide strategic information and analysis that support in planning and decision-making (planning survey calendars, designing survey questionnaires, indicators based on outcomes/outputs, analyzing results and preparation of evaluation report).
Monitor and evaluate survey progress and performance, using sample disposition reports and response rate calculations.
Prepare and present summaries and analyses of survey data, including tables, graphs, and fact sheets that describe survey techniques and results.
Produce documentation of the questionnaire development process, data collection methods, sampling designs, designing of indicators, outcomes and decisions related to sample statistical weighting.
Analyze and interpret data and identify patterns from data collected through qualitative interviews, cognitive interviews, focus groups, or surveys.
Should be responsible for data cleaning/data scrubbing
Should be capable of working on multiple surveys at the same time.
Provide training to survey team and M&E officers.
Willing to travel to areas in Southern Punjab.
Any other task assigned by Chief Executive
Education
Must
Degree
Degree Level
Country
Description
Statistics, EconomicsMasters DegreePakistan
Hot Jobs
.....
.....
.....
.....
.....
Spotlight
Copyright 2014 BrightSpyre.com