M&E; Coordinator in Danish Refugee Council
Welcome Guest
|
|
Email
Password
Registered Users
1,204,176
Posted Jobs
33,814
M&E; Coordinator
Danish Refugee Council
Posted :05 May, 2014
1,383 views
Experience: Minimum 6 yearsJob Location: PeshawarCountry: PakistanPositions: 1Job Type: Contractual
Department / Job Category: Community, Social Services, and Nonprofit
Last Date: 11 May, 2014
Introduction
DRC is an international non-governmental organization, which promotes and supports durable solutions for refugees and internally displaced people in more than 30 countries world-wide.
DRC has established its operation in Pakistan during December 2010 in order to contribute to the flood recovery response, as well as part of a regional program addressing Afghan displacement in close coordination with its programmes in Afghanistan, Iran and Tajikistan. DRC office in Pakistan is established in Peshawar with approximately 100 national and international staff.
Programme components include support to Afghan refugees through Protection, Livelihood and Community Infrastructure activities (WASH). DRC has a long-term view to its programming in Pakistan and expects to grow significantly in a relatively short period.
Position’s Overall Objective
The M&E Coordinator will establish and streamline monitoring, evaluation and quality assurance function through the development of MEQ framework; development of indicators, tools and techniques for data collection, analysis and undertaking field, plans, and day to day monitoring of DRC project across country.
Position’s Specific Objectives
Setting up of M&E System: The M&E Coordinator is responsible for the overall M&E system; framework, indicators, outputs and outcome matrix.
Manage M&E Function: Overall management of the M&E Unit including establishing tools, techniques and monitoring plans with clear time frames, frequency of data collection and leading the assessment and M&E function at the implementation level, knowledge management through Management Information System and Quality assurance of the programmes through accountability and transparency
Coordination; Coordination of the M&E function internally with the program staff as well as externally with the donors, implementing partners, stakeholders and Government authorities e.g. PDMA, FDMA, SAFRON and other bodies who require information about the project activities.
Communication; Fulfill the reporting requirements, internal as well as external to keep DRC, Donors and stakeholders informed about the achievements, challenges, lesson learned and feedback to keep the program activities on track.
Responsibilities and Tasks
To achieve the overall and specific position’s objectives the M&E Coordinator will perform the following tasks and undertake the following responsibilities:
Setting up M&E System
Implement the overall framework for MEAK (Monitoring, Evaluation, Accountability and Knowledge Management System) of DRC, Pakistan by capturing outputs, outcomes and deliverables from the awarded projects and propose strategies and time frame and frequency for the assessment and data collection for example, Rapid Need Assessment (RNA), process and operations monitoring, project reviews, and capturing lessons-learned.
Provide technical input for the development/review of the project Log-Frame matrix, particularly in the areas of the objective hierarchy, indicators and monitoring mechanisms.
Develop key performance indicators for each component of the project in close teamwork with component lead and propose measurement techniques.
Provide inputs for the implementation of a standardized Management Information System accessible to all relevant staff at Country Office, Regional Office and Head Quarter.
Propose any specific software to capture the M&E data, integration of information.
Manage M&E Function
Establish tools and techniques for the measurements of the indicators defined in the monitoring system, LFA or as per donor requirements.
Lead the development, standardization and deployment of tools that capture quantitative and qualitative data to be utilized in monitoring, evaluation, surveys and assessments, sampling techniques needed along the project (s) life.
Manage the monitoring activities with clear time frames, track the progress of all projects of DRC in country against agreed indicators, and timely sharing the finding with program heads/leads, reporting on early indications of progress, or lack thereof, in the relevance, efficiency, effectiveness, impact and sustainability of programs, and their impact on DRC’s strategic goals.
Maintain accurate and up-to-date information of all the on-going and proposed projects in Grant Management System (GMS).
Guided by the Programme Handbook and Operations Handbook, continuously monitor and develop relevant accountability initiatives in the field as well as strengthening the effort to document the impact of activities and DRC presence
Collect information for the basis of monitoring e.g. baselines, village profiles, beneficiaries list and other necessary supporting evidence as MOVs for the deliverables.
Knowledge Management
Follow up mechanisms- Focus on insuring appropriate mechanism are in place and maintained for the follow up of evaluation and M&E team findings by in country management with a view to maximising knowledge retention and use.
Databases- Ensure databases of programmes are kept up to date through an efficient process with confidentiality of information and ensure databases are accessible so that the information can be used effectively and responsibly.
Transparency and Accountability Mechanisms
Provide input to the development and design of the Humanitarian Accountability Partnership (HAP) and Accountability Improvement Plan (AIP)
Assess beneficiary accountability mechanisms in place and lead strengthening of such mechanisms including through appropriately structure dissemination of M&E findings
Stakeholder Accountability- Ensure a summary presentation of all evaluations undertaken is prepared and rolled out in all locations and to partners as appropriate and document the process. Ensure processes in place that make feedback to beneficiary stakeholders systematic.
Coordination
Coordinate with the program staff and provide regular guidance in preparing for undertaking the monitoring function e.g. data collection preparing progress reports. Together, analyze data and reports in terms of problems and actions needed.
Coordinate with the donor monitoring teams to ensure that the M&E framework, strategy and implementation are in compliance with their standard requirements.
Plan for regular opportunities to identify lessons learned and implications for the project’s next steps. Participate in these events when possible.
Communication
Report writing; submit periodic monitoring reports against the indicators as desired by DRC management, donors and other bodies in accordance with approved reporting formats and timing.
Review monitoring reports, analyse them for impact evaluation and to identify the causes of potential bottlenecks in project implementation.
Deliverables
Monitoring, Evaluation and Quality assurance Plan and Framework.
Standardized Program Management Information System
Assitance and drafting of donor and DRC final reports, and technical proposals (LFA)
Refugee village profiles, Field Trip Reports, Case Studies.
Situation Assessment Reports.
Any other task assigned by the supervisor.
NOTE:
Potential Female applicants are encouraged to apply.
Only shortlisted candidates will be called for Test/Interviewe.
No TA/DA will be admissible to the shortlisted candidate(s) called for Test/Interview.
Education
Must
Degree
Degree Level
Country
Description
Business,Development Studies,Statistics,EconomicsMasters DegreePakistanDegrees / courses in Monitoring & Evaluation,
•Minimum 6 years experience related to the above duties and responsibilities, out of which 3 years’ experience should be in a similar role
Skills
Must
Title
Level
Description
Communication and InterPersonal Excellent  •	Experience with a proven track record in monitoring and evaluation work, conducting assessments, surveys & research studies; proposal development, program design, selecting indicators, implementing monitoring plans, and data analysis,
Thorough working knowledge of reporting requirements and M&E; frameworks of international donors is a must and proven experience with:
•The logical framework approach and other strategic planning approaches;
•M&E; methods and approaches (including quantitative, qualitative and participatory);
•Planning and implementation of M&E; systems;
•Training in M&E; development and implementation;
•Facilitating learning-oriented analysis sessions of M&E; data with multiple stakeholders;
•Information analysis and report writing
Hot Jobs
.....
.....
.....
.....
.....
Spotlight
Copyright 2014 BrightSpyre.com