Welcome to Physiotherapy Jobs
|
|
|
Physiotherapy Jobs Portal is registered with Central Excise Department of India.
(Service Tax Code & Registration Number: DSFPS4451BSD001)
Physiotherapist
United Arab Emirates      Dubai/Abudhabi/Sharjah       Job Posted Date :06/05/2014
Job Summary:   Physiotherapist Vacancies- (1)Hospitals(2)University(3)Medical Centres
Physiotherapist
Saudi Arabia      Hospital       Job Posted Date :06/05/2014
Job Summary:   Physiotherapist vacancies in a Hospital.
Physiotherapist
India      Kozhikode       Job Posted Date :06/05/2014
Job Summary:   Physiotherapist vacancies- (1)Hospital(2)College
Physiotherapist
India      Bangalore/Mangalore/Mysore       Job Posted Date :06/05/2014
Job Summary:   Physiotherapist vacancies- (1)Hospital(2)Medical Centres.
Physiotherapist
India      Hyderabad/Secunderabad       Job Posted Date :06/05/2014
Job Summary:   Physiotherapist vacancies- (1)Hospital(2)Two Physiotherapy Centres.
Physiotherapist
India      Chennai       Job Posted Date :06/05/2014
Job Summary:   Physiotherapist vacancies- (1)Hospital(2)Sports Rehab Centre (3)Fitness Centre.
Physiotherapist
India      Mumbai       Job Posted Date :06/05/2014
Job Summary:   Physiotherapist vacancies- (1)Two Hospitals(2)Physiotherapy Centre.
Physiotherapist
India      Pune/Aurangabad       Job Posted Date :06/05/2014
Job Summary:   Physiotherapist vacancies in Three Centres.
Physiotherapist
India      Delhi NCR/ Gurgaon       Job Posted Date :06/05/2014
Job Summary:   Physiotherapist vacancies in Five Centres across Delhi NCR.
Physiotherapist
India      Jalandhar       Job Posted Date :06/05/2014
Job Summary:   Physiotherapist vacancy in a Physiotherapy Clinic.
First   <<  1
For Recruiters
To publish the requirement of Physiotherapists for your Hospital/Clinic/Organization, send in the vacancy details to : info@physiotherapyjobs.co.in
Total Page View
TESTIMONIALS
I am happy that Physiotherapy Jobs has been registered as a proprietorship concern with the Government.I would like to advise all the physiotherapists and
students to get membership from our website. After BPT no need to worry about jobs, physiotherapy jobs is continuously sending current vacancies around India and Abroad also professional tips.Sridhar Arumugam
Allahabad
Thanx sir.This site is very useful to all physios who are searching a good job
in this field. You have done really awesome work
Vivek Anand
New Delhi
Physiotherapy jobs is a wonderful portal to keep physiotherapy alive and is very up to date informer.Thanks
Vanshika Sethi
Kanpur
Sir , You
are really doing a very good job and I am glad to be a member of physiotherapy Jobs
Sobika Rao
Haryana
You are doing quite a great work by assisting the PT professionals in getting jobs and also for providing information about MPT admissions & CRE programmes, Workshops which are extremely beneficial
Siddhartha Shankar
West Bengal
Its really nice service for all the physiotherapist because now days more 50% physiotherapist only knows that physiotherapist can get job only in two fields-Clinic/ Hospital or
any college.So with the help of Physiotherapy
jobs membership we can get more idea about our profession and earn more from physiotherapy field.
Jatin Patel
Gujarat
Its a totally boosters of physiotherapy field.Amazing job,Keep it up
Wasim Raja
New Delhi
The service you have been providing about notification of jobs for Physiotherapist just worth millions.Thank you so much for the service you are providing..May this process of notifiying jobs for the Physiotherapists continues for generations together and provides help as it was being provided so far
Puneet Mehta
Hyderabad
Physiotherapy Jobs membership
really helps us or me especially, because
sometimes I get really fed up about the outcome after physiotherapy, about jobs, salary and all, now I am satisfied that there are lots of jobs with good salary. Really thanks to you
and your
nice website- physiotherapy Jobs. Thank you Sir
Swati Jain
Delhi
Advertisement
Free Counselling
We provide free career counselling for Physiotherapists and students. You can send your questions here
Email Id
Questions
Contact Us
Email Id
Message
* Physiotherapy Jobs portal is registered with central excise department service Tax code & registration number : DSFPS4451BSD001
For Enquiries
Einstein Jerome & Sowmiya
Administrators-Physiotherapy Jobs Portal
Email: physiotherapyjobs.einsy@gmail.com
info@physiotherapyjobs.co.in
Mobile : +91-9916347890
Copyright. Physiotherapy Jobs
Designed By Web Pixel Solution