IT Recruiter / Sr IT Recruiter job at UPTEC IDEA LABS (Hyderabad)
IT Recruiter / Sr IT Recruiter
UPTEC IDEA LABS - Hyderabad
Name
Email
Phone
LinkedIn Profile URL
Message
I'm interested in this position, please contact me.
Receive similar jobs from ReqCloud
Submit
UPTEC IDEALABS is looking for IT Recruiters/Sr IT Recruiter for Hyderabad locations.
UPTEC IDEALABS is a global company with proven expertise in Software development, Consulting, Technology and Communication skills learning programs. We have been Mentoring professionals for organizations worldwide with a vision of being a Sutradhaar in building the Knowledge Capital.
A renowned name, “UPTEC IDEALABS” in Training Development and Consulting, which is currently offering:
Software development Consulting Services Technology and Communication skills learning programs. Permanent / Contract Recruitment Executive Search Campus Recruitment
Job Description
Job Title : IT Recruiter/ Sr. IT Recruiter Location : Hyderabad, India Industry : Human Resource Function : Recruitment Employment Type : Permanent Experience : 1-4 Year Educational Qualification : Any Grad in any stream
Requirements
Skills/ Experience:
1-4 years of core experience in IT Recruitment. Good at Sourcing & Screening the resumes though various sources Involve in Interview Scheduling Posting Job openings on sites and Mass Mailing Good Presentation and Communication skills.
Experience and understanding of RLC(Recruitment Life Cycle) Should be a good communicator and be capable of delivering task Strong negotiation skills Should be energetic, enthusiastic, passionate & ready to learn New things
The following are the KRAs for this role:
Creation of a recruiting and interviewing plan for each open position.
Efficiently and effectively fill open positions.
Conduct regular follow-up with managers to determine the effectiveness of recruiting plans and implementation.
Develop a pool of qualified candidates in advance of need.
Research and recommend new sources for active and passive candidate recruiting.
Build networks to find qualified passive candidates.
Contacting , following-up with candidates, managing candidate pipeline.
Scheduling interviews, briefing and debriefing candidates before and after interviews.
Maintaining timely documentation of all conversations with candidates within our internal Posting job descriptions on job boards, and tracking posting status and results. Utilize the Internet for recruitment.
--Post positions to appropriate Internet sources. --Improve the company website recruiting page to assist in recruiting. --Research new ways of using the Internet for recruitment. --Use social & professional networking sites to identify and source candidates.
Kindly do send me across your updated CV along with the Notice Period.
Syed Khaleel Uddin
Delivery Head at UPTEC IDEA LABS
Featured UPTEC IDEA LABS Jobs
Hyderabad
Syed Khaleel Uddin
|
|
|
© 2014 ReqCloud
Proudly Made in New York