Walkins in SMC for Back Office Executive in Rajkot. - 10 Opening(s) at null | SpanJobs.com
The Premier JobSite for the Asia Pacific Region and India. All Jobs in Asia Pacific and India Now!
Walkins in SMC for Back Office Executive in Rajkot. - 10 Opening(s) at null
Posted by: null
Posted date: 05-May
Job Description:Walkins for Back Office in SMC Global Securities Ltd.----Rajkot Branch.
Job Description:
Responsible for timely checking & payment of Bills for branches.
Responsible to maintain details for cheques received/making cheque entries & ensures its timely dispatch.
Ensures Coordination in petty cash management for branch.
To interact & coordinate with the branches for preparation of reports for the compliance cases in the branches and sent it f urther to branch Support for query resolution.
Coordinating with A/c opening Dept. in respect of checking BDR Forms.
Maintain on monthly basis data of joining & resigning employees in BD Retail Dept.
Responsible to coordinate with Zonal Heads/HOD for taking the approvals for various issues.
To prepare the report for the Non-Performers in the sales Departments and send it to seniors/branches for their further action.
To maintain details regarding newly joined/Resigned employees of Business Development Retail.
Send the important information and e mails to various branches.
To bring client compliant cases in the knowledge of Sr.V.P. as well as Zonal Heads (Pan India).
To prepare various reports for analysis by seniors.
Responsible for files maintenance, documentation & follow up. Interview Details:
Time: Monday - Friday 10am - 5pm
Venue:
Address: SMC Global Securities Ltd.
302/B 3rd Floor, Shivalik - 5 | Makkam Chowk | Gondal Road. Rajkot -360 002.
Contact: Sanjay R Doshi-9510203300
Tel: 0281-3017964-967, 2371980-82.nullnullnull
Post Details
Job Title
Walkins in SMC for Back Office Executive in Rajkot. - 10 Opening(s) at null
Classification
Job Type
Location
Hyderabad / Secunderabad
Country
Job Salary
null
Company and Contact Details
Company
null
Company Website
Company Profile
nullnull
|  |
|
|
Copyright © 2006 - 2014 SpanJobs.com Free India Jobs - The Number 1 Free Job Portal in India. All Rights Reserved
SpanJobs.com - The Number 1 Portal for India Jobs - Best Jobs in India and India Careers. India Jobs | Jobs in India | India Careers