Project Assistant Jobs at IIT Hyderabad 2014 Vacancies - Government jobs 2014, Latest Bank jobs, Sarkari Naukri, Latest Govt Jobs In India 2014
You are here :
» , , , ,
» Project Assistant Jobs at IIT Hyderabad 2014 Vacancies
Project Assistant Jobs at IIT Hyderabad 2014 Vacancies
Posted On Tuesday, 06 May 2014 By .
Project Assistant Jobs at IIT Hyderabad 2014 Vacancies :- Indian Institute of Technology Hyderabad (IIT Hyderabad) has release the notification for the Project Assistant Post 2014. Here are invited eligible and interested candidate can fill the application form before the last date.
Indian Institute of Technology Hyderabad (IIT Hyderabad) Vacancies Details :
Organization Name : Indian Institute of Technology Hyderabad (IIT Hyderabad)
Job Location : Hyderabad, Andhra Pradesh
Total Number of Post : Not Specified Vacancies
Name of the Post : Project Assistant
Educational Qualification :
Candidate should have passed B.Tech/BE in Civil Engineering or Environmental Engineering from the recognized University of India or State Govt or Institute.
Pay Scale :
Selected Candidates would be get the pay of :- Rs.17000/-P.M.
Age limit :
Candidate should not have crossed 40 years.Age relaxation for SC, ST, OBC and PH candidates is allowed as per rules.
Selection Process:
Candidates will be selected based on their performance in interview.
Application Fees:
No application fee is required for above posts. Candidates have not need to pay application fee .
How to Apply :
Eligible candidates ready with their applications along with attested copies of licence, date of birth, qualification, experience etc,Applications should include a CV and a scan of final degree and/or grade sheet, and should be received by 08 May, 2014-1r at asif@iith.ac.in. Applicants that pass this screening l.will be called for an interview, at which time original degree certificate(s) should be presented. Anticipated start date of the contract is 15 May, 2014.
Important Dates:
Last Date of Submission for Application Form  :- 15-05-2014
(33)
Register Here To Get Daily Govt Jobs Updates In Your Email Inbox
Enter Your E-Mail ID:
Don't Forget to Activate the Email Subscription from your Inbox
Related Posts From This Category
«
»
Email Subscription For Govt Jobs
Register For Latest Govt Jobs Alerts
Enter your email address:Don't Forget to Activate the Email Subscription from your Inbox
Today Job Post
Submit Resume For Govt Jobs
|
Copyright © 2014. All Rights Reserved.