Consultant- Education Administration Expert in Chemonics International Inc.
Welcome Guest
|
|
Email
Password
Registered Users
1,204,170
Posted Jobs
33,814
Consultant- Education Administration Expert
Chemonics International Inc.
Posted :05 May, 2014
317 views
Job Location: KarachiCountry: PakistanPositions: 1Job Type: Contractual
Department / Job Category: Consultancy
Last Date: 12 May, 2014
Project Description
USAID is a development partner to the Government of Sindh and is currently supporting the Department of Education and Literacy with implementation of the Sindh Basic Education program (SBEP) in Districts Sukkur, Khairpur, Larkana, Qambar-Shahdadkot, Jacobabad, Kashmore, Dadu and selected towns of Karachi city. The overarching goal of SBEP is “Increased and Sustained Student Enrollment in Primary, Middle and Secondary Schools in targeted geographical locations in Sindh.” The Sindh Reading Program (SRP) is a five-year initiative in the same geographic areas of the parent SBEP. SRP will support the SBEP goal based on lessons learned from USAID and the Government of Sindh’s legacy of early grade teaching and learning.
Over the life of project, SRP aims to:
Improve teacher competencies for effective early grade reading and mathematics instruction;
Improve early grade reading and mathematics assessment practice;
Improve student access to supplementary reading and mathematics material;
Enhance participation of parents and caregivers in support of early grade literacy and early grade numeracy for out of school children.
About Chemonics International:
On January 6, 2014, Chemonics International and its institutional development partners School-to-School International, Health and Nutrition Development Society, Indus Resource Centre, and Souktel Inc., were awarded a contract by USAID to implement the Sindh Reading program to achieve the aims above.
Chemonics is an international development company that partners with local and international organizations to promote social and economic change around the world. From our founding in 1975, we have worked in more than 150 countries to help our clients, partners, and beneficiaries face difficult challenges, from political instability to poor education performance, to a lack of market infrastructure. We have helped them overcome those challenges by working together to find and implement innovative programs that achieve development impact.
We are entirely employee-owned, giving us both the freedom and the responsibility to pursue our mission with single-minded focus. Holding ourselves to the highest quality standards, we are also committed to living our values of caring, excellence, innovation, integrity, and opportunity to implement efficient and effective programs that build a better future for those we serve.
At Chemonics, we believe our mission of helping people live healthier, more productive, and more independent lives is driven by our commitment to service to our mission, to our beneficiaries, to our clients, and to our staff.
Position Objective:
The Education Administration and Continuous Professional Development Systems Expert will strengthen the capacity of district education officers (EDOs) and peak quality assurance bodies and teacher training institutions (TTIs) to support school-based teacher professional development. The Expert will ensure that ongoing Government of Sindh reforms in the education sector are accounted for and accommodated and risks to SRP implementation are mitigated. The Expert will ensure that the continuous professional development framework and system is functional through viable linkages and collaboration at the local level and between TTIs and District Education Offices.
Education Administration and Continuous Professional Development Systems Expert will have a broad understanding of global trends as well as a deep understanding of teacher professional development systems and in-service teacher training in Sindh specifically and in Pakistan more broadly.  The Expert will be well-informed about and up-to-date on education administration and management research and practices, continuous professional development systems, establishing viable professional networks and developing a strategic approach to knowledge sharing at a regional and provincial level through professional associations, special interest groups, conferences and so forth.
The results of these assessments will serve as a critical resource tool for the SRP Teaching and Learning technical working group.  The Specialist will also provide advice and recommendations to help SRP technical personnel and their MOE counterparts make informed decisions based on strong evidence base and best practices.  The Specialist will contribute primarily to SRP Component 1 in coordination with the Professional Development Academics Advisor (PDAA).
Qualifications
A doctoral degree in education with a concentration in education administration and management, system building for the purposes of continuous professional development, and organizational development and change management.
Demonstrated ability to design and lead rigorous organizational assessment studies that conform to international standards and to bring about positive organizational change.
10 years of experience as an education administrator at a senior level.
Current knowledge of the use of ICT4E, particularly to support education administrators and other professionals to oversee and manage a quality education system at the local level.
Willingness to travel frequently within selected districts in northern Sindh and towns of Karachi as well as occasionally to other areas of Pakistan
Application Instructions:
Please email a CV, letter of interest, and three references with contact information to  no later than May 12, 2014. Please write “Education Administration Expert” in the subject line.
Chemonics is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate in its selection and employment practices on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, political affiliation, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, disability, genetic information, age, membership in an employee organization, or other non-merit factors. Qualified women are strongly encouraged to apply.
Hot Jobs
.....
.....
.....
.....
.....
Spotlight
Copyright 2014 BrightSpyre.com