DRDO invites applications for JRFs for Hyderabad-based unit CHESS - GoGuwahati
or
Login to Your Account
Remember Me?
Give us a like on facebook...follow us on Twitter ! Catch us on Social media and join the club!
DRDO invites applications for JRFs for Hyderabad-based unit CHESS
Sign Up for our Newsletter and receive latest News, Deals & Job Alerts!
Results 1 to 1 of 1
Thread:
Bookmark & Share
Linear Mode
Today, 01:06 PM
Administrator
Join Date Aug 2013 Posts 1,300
DRDO invites applications for JRFs for Hyderabad-based unit CHESS
The Centre for High Energy Systems and Sciences (CHESS) - a Hyderabad-based unit of Defence Research & Development Organisation (DRDO) - has invited job applications for recruitment to the post of Junior Research Fellows (JRFs).
The fellowship will initially be for a period of two years, extendable as per rules. Interested candidates are supposed to send their job applications within 21 days from the date of publication of the advertisement.
Vacancy details:
Junior Research Fellows (JRF): 03 posts
Pay scale: Rs 16,000/- per month plus HRA and medical facilities shall be admissible as per rules. Eligibility criteria:
The candidate should possess any of the following educational qualifications:
MSc degree or equivalent PG degree in Physics with Electronics as specialisation from recognised University/Institute (for one post).
BTech degree in Electronics and Electrical Engineering or equivalent from recognised University/Institute (for second post).
BTech degree in Computer Science/ MCA from recognised University/ Institute (for third post).
Candidates who have qualified UGC/ CSIR/ NET/ GATE examination will be given preference.
The age of the candidate should not be more than 28 years as on 01 January, 2014. Application fee:
The candidates are supposed to pay an application fee of Rs 10/- in the form of crossed Indian Postal Order (IPO) drawn in favour of Director, CHESS, Hyderabad.
SC/ ST and OBC category candidates are exempted from the payment of fee.
Selection procedure:
The candidates will be selected for recruitment to the advertised pot on the basis of their performance in the written test/ trade test/ practical/ skill test/ interviews, which might be conducted by the administration. How to apply:
Interested candidates are supposed to send a type-written job application along with photocopies of the relevant testimonials/ certificates relating to educational qualifications, date of birth, experience, category (SC/ ST/ OBC) etc to: Director, Center for High Energy Systems and Sciences (CHESS), RCI Campus, Vignyanakancha PO, Hyderabad - 500 069. Important date:
Last date for submission of application: Within 21 days from the date of publication of the advertisement.
Share this post on
«
|
»
Similar Threads
By GoGuwahati in forum Jobs
Replies: 0
Last Post: 04-26-2014, 04:16 PM
By GoGuwahati in forum Education
Replies: 0
Last Post: 04-15-2014, 09:29 AM
By GoGuwahati in forum Jobs
Replies: 0
Last Post: 04-14-2014, 01:29 PM
By GoGuwahati in forum Education
Replies: 0
Last Post: 04-10-2014, 04:37 PM
By GoGuwahati in forum News
Replies: 0
Last Post: 03-28-2014, 11:21 AM
Posting Permissions
You may not post new threads You may not post replies You may not post attachments You may not edit your posts
is On
are On
code is On
code is On HTML code is Off
are On
are On
are On
About GoGuwahati
GoGuwahati is a community portal to discuss and read user reviews on best places to travel, shop, dine, explore in Guwahati and Northeast. Know whats happening in your city, interesting events, deals and discounts and more.
If you have any questions or suggestions, feel free to contact us !
Contact Us
Join us
Write for Us!
Interested to write for us?
We are looking for forum moderators...
-- Blues -- Default Style
-- Blues Mobile -- Default Mobile Style
|
|
|
All times are GMT +5.5. The time now is 11:52 PM.