CanadaCalling | CanadaJobs 2015
Your Canadian dream begins here!SM
|
Email for questions:
Menu
SkillsInternational
Learn how you can begin a new life with a high paying job in Canada!
CANADA JOBS 2015 CONFERENCES
May 10 – May 17, 2014
_____________________________
A special invitation for you !
Scroll down for additional information
New Delhi: 10th and 12th May 2014
|
Hyderabad 17th May 2014
Learn how you can earn $80,000+ per year
Thousands of
job opportunities
» Information Technology
Scroll down for additional information
» Project Management
» Natural Resources
» Business Analysis
» Financial Services
» Oil & Gas
» Professional Services
» Healthcare
» Hospitality-Tourism
» Telecom
World class health care, education, safety & security, politic economic stability and low population density
Canada...
Ranked by United Nations as one of the best places to live
Scroll down for additional information
» Conference registration & qualification
SkillsInternational guides you every step of the way
» Proprietary "Ready4EmploymentSM" certification
» Dedicated, personalised platinum service model
» Relocation & settlement service in Canada
Scroll down for additional information
SkillsInternational – Bringing Talent to Opportunity…WorldwideSM
Thousands of high-paying jobs are waiting in Canada for you in 2015! SkillsInternational will match your skills to jobs offered by thousands of employers
in our system and certify you as a “Ready4EmploymentSM” candidate
Your first step towards Canadian dream !
Canada’s
program begins in 2015…
Tens of thousands of jobs for IT Professionals, Project Managers and Business Analysts paying $80,000+ are waiting for you in Canada
Customer Service
Physiotherapist
Financial Advisor
Information Systems Consultant
Software Engineer
Information Systems Manager
Data Processing Manager
Senior Project Manager
Program Mgmt Executive
Solution Architect
Waiting for you if you have the right skills!
The Numbers Don’t Lie!
Candidates Placed
By SkillsInternational since 2006
Job Openings
In Canada for professionals
Employers
Who regularly hire SkillsInternational job candidates
Job Placements
Through SkillsInternational by 2016
About SkillsInternational
Bringing Talent to Opportunity…Worldwide
Since 2006, SkillsInternational (SI) has partnered with the Canadian government and local agencies to successfully unite thousands of pre-screened, internationally educated professionals with employers who need their skills. This first-of-its-kind on-line tool is cost-effective, efficient and is backed by an eight-year track record of integrity, professionalism and reliability. As a result, SkillsInternational is regarded as one of the world’s most trusted names in jobs placement assistance and immigration support.
Now, SI and its Canadian partners are collaborating on a more aggressive program. This new
immigration model will launch Jan. 1, 2015, and is designed to attract thousands of new candidates for high-paying Canadian jobs requiring a variety of high-technology and professional skills. Immigrants who work with SkillsInternational’s exclusive assistance model may reduce their processing time from years to weeks.
Register for one of our free conferences and learn about what SkillsInternational can do for you. Seating is limited…register today!
Canada Jobs 2015 Although there is no fee for attending one of our four information conferences, professionals who register to attend and pass our application screening questions would get an invite. SkillsInternational career counselors will make it easy for you to move to Canada, get a high-paying job, and quickly establish yourself in the culture and economy.
Express Entry 2015 The Canadian Government believes it can and should compete actively to attract the best and brightest newcomers to resettle here. That’s why we are getting set to treat most immigration applications in a revolutionary new way. Having a job is the best path to economic integration. Express Entry will select immigrants based on the skills Canadian employers need and, in turn, should they pursue citizenship, they will be welcomed as equal members of the Canadian family.
Conferences – New Delhi & Hyderabad Conference 3: New Delhi
10th May 2014 at 12 noon
Conference 4: New Delhi
10th May 2014 at 3 PM
Venue: Le Meridien Hotel (Central)
Conference 5: New Delhi
12th May 2014 at 8 PM
Venue: Lalit Hotel (Central)
Conference 6: Hyderabad
17th May 2014 at 3 PM
Venue: TBD
Want to know more ? Share your email address with us and we will get back to you in 24 hours.
© Copyright 2014, SkillsInternational.
Powered by