VMware Jobs - Staff Engineer in Hyderabad, India
VMware Jobs
Careers
EnvisioningWhat's Next
We are a compassionate community building transformative products and solutions that enable us to architect what's next.
Where
city, state, country
What
job title, keywords
VMware
Staff Engineer in
Hyderabad
India
About Us
VMware is the leader in virtualization and cloud infrastructure solutions that enable our more than 500,000 enterprise and mid-market customers to thrive in the Cloud Era by simplifying, automating and transforming the way they build, deliver and consume IT. We empower our customers by radically simplifying IT through virtualization software with a focus on three core missions: End-User Computing (EUC), Hybrid Cloud and Software-Defined Data Center (SDDC). Join our community – instigators of innovation and transformers of technology – as we envision and create what’s next in IT. Get connected to an engine of opportunity fueled by the transformative products and solutions we bring to market, the passion and trust we inspire in our customers, and our collaborative drive to imagine, define and deliver the future of IT. With 13,000+ employees and 50+ locations worldwide, we are passionately driven to make an impact while contributing back to the community. Ranked on the Forbes 100 Most Innovative Companies in the World list. Learn more at vmware.com/careers today!
Why work for our Division
VMware’s world-class, award-winning R&D; team is comprised of thousands of top-notch computer scientists and software engineers that are transforming computing through virtualization. Members of the R&D; team voice their creative ideas and watch them become initiatives, participate in exciting short-term and long-term products on the VMware roadmap, initiate advanced research projects, and/or write and test code that ships. At VMware, our engineers continue to learn and grow by working with top professionals from around the world and recent graduates of top universities and by taking advantage of our extensive internal training opportunities and generous external education assistance program. R&D; team members work on the latest computing equipment and have access to the ACM and IEEE libraries. VMware has R&D; offices in: Silicon Valley; Cambridge, MA; Broomfield, CO; Sofia, Bulgaria; Aarhus, Denmark; London, UK; Herzliya, Israel; Bangalore, India; and Beijing, China.
Why work with our Group
Engineers interested in algorithms, building distributed applications, APIs and fault-tolerant computing use virtualization as a key technology to design and implement applications that solve real-world problems. They work on developing scalable software capable of managing thousands of systems.
Job Description
The Application Provisioning team is responsible for creating enterprise scale, cloud ready, next generation application provisioning product.
Participate in all stages of development from proof of concept, implementation to release. The ideal candidate will have a passion for designing scalable Spring based light weight architecture following object oriented model. He/she understands various JEE deployment architectures, has passion for creating products from scratch thinking about extensibility right from the get-go. Can clearly articulate pros/cons of their technology decisions. Past experience in large scale J2EE application design and development is critical. Designing for richness, flexibility, preciseness, performance, reliability and scalability is critical.
REQUIREMENTS:
10+ years'' experience design and developing successful products-
Expert level in JEE/Hibernate/JPA required.
Expert level in the Spring Framework with 3+ years'' experience (Dependency Injection/AOP/MVC/REST)
Expert level in large scale data management/Big Data
Proven experience in a leadership role in designing and developing a large scale enterprise application (scalability/performance/architecture).
Good understanding of concepts and programming in a client/server, distributed computing environment
Domain expertise in Application Release and Lifecycle management highly desirable.
Experience with Hybrid Clouds - vCloud, EC2, Openstack, Rackspace highly desirable.
Able to work well both independently and as a team member
Excellent written, verbal, and presentation communication skills
Bachelor''s degree in Computer Science, Masters preferred
ADDITIONAL DESIRED SKILLS:
Spring Integration and general experience with messaging
Hands on experience with XML Parsers, XML Schema, JAXB.
Background in API development
Ability to learn new technologies and frameworks, as well as problem solve issues
Understanding of the enterprise virtualization management space
experience taking the product and managing it in production a plus.
Positive, can-do attitude, self-starter, enthusiastic personality
Spring Security is a plus
Persistence with Spring (Spring ORM/Spring Transactions/Hibernate/Spring Data JPA) is a plus
Posting Title: Staff Engineer
Advertised Location (Select only ONE location): Bangalore, India
Is this a remote or multiple location position?: No
Requisition Number: 49584BR
Level of Job (LinkedIn): Not Applicable
Advertised Group (Place a checkmark to select multiple groups): Engineering
Share
Current Search Criteria
Career Sites
Social Media
Copyright © 2013 VMware, Inc. All rights reserved.