Sagar Asia Private Limited Hyderabad Job Vacancy - Maintenance Manager
Sagar Asia Private Limited Hyderabad Job Vacancy for Maintenance Manager
Sagar Asia Private Limited Hyderabad Job Vacancy for Maintenance Manager
Company Name: Sagar Asia Private Limited
About Company:
Sagar Asia Private Limited (SAPL) based in Hyderabad, India; is one of India’s leading engineering & manufacturing companies in the design, production and supply of Aluminium Access Systems, Wind Tower Internals, Aircraft Docking Systems, Aluminium Fabrication, Fibre Glass & Aluminium Ladders and Scaffolds. SAPL is India’s biggest exporter of Aluminium and Fibre Glass Ladders and Access equipment.SAPL has design and technical collaborations with major global access and climbing system companies from North America and Germany, as Little Giant Ladder Systems, USA, LibertiLadders,USA, Freiheit Skytech GmbH, Germany and Dual-Lift, GermanySAPL Safety &Access products are sold directly to major industries and additionally through sales partners all across India. In addition to domestic sales, SAPL products are sold in International markets as USA, Middle-East, etc. SAPL’s customers include from general households, to commercial establishments to major heavy industries as Aviation, Automotive, Energy, Gas and oil etc.,SAPL is now hiring the below personnel in its expansion plans and general operations. Here is an opportunity for you to be part of this fast growing multinational company and turn your dreams into a reality.
Locations
Hyderabad / Secunderabad
Nationality
India
Experience
10 – 15 years
Keywords / Skills
Tool maintenance
Electrical maintenance
Mechanical Maintenance
Education
B.E/B.Tech
Diploma
M.E/M.Tech/MS
Function
Manufacturing/ Engineering/ R&D
Role
• Mechanical Engineer
• Maintenance
Industry
• Aviation/Aerospace
• Engineering, Procurement, Construction
• Non-Ferrous Metals (Aluminium, Zinc etc.)
Job Description
B. Tech/ M. Tech/ M. Sc. (Mechanical/ Industrial/ Electrical) graduate or ITI DME/ DEE with 10-15 years of experience in Industrial Mechanical & Electrical Maintenance, Tool Maintenance  and from Manufacturing/ Automotive/ Fabrication Industry is compulsory.
To apply:
Category:
Tags:
Post navigation
Leave a Reply
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Name *
Email *
Website
Comment
Notice: It seems you have Javascript disabled in your Browser. In order to submit a comment to this post, please copy this code and paste it along with your comment: 839690d1fa4821e87a756dc166bf9359
Anna Univ. Results |
Recent Posts
Categories
Archives
Copyright 2013
Rejinpaul Team Hosting
Theme | Powered by