Job Hiring for Language Trainer/coach in Hyderabad!!! 2coms Consulting Pvt Ltd Hyderabad / Secunderabad Anandita No, G-18,ground floor, Brigade gardens
no 19,church street,
Brigade road, Church street
BANGALORE,Karnataka,India - Ritz Consultant Jobs (459131)
|
Candidates:
|
|
Employer:
|
Hiring for Language Trainer/coach in Hyderabad!!!
2coms Consulting Pvt Ltd
|
Summary
Experience:
2 to
4
yrs.
Location
Hyderabad / Secunderabad
Education
UG - Any Graduate - Any Specialization
PG - Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, MBA/PGDM - Any Specialization
Doctorate - Doctorate Not Required
Industry Type:
KPO
/
Research
/
Analytics
Salary:
INR 3,00,000 - 5,00,000 P.A
Functional Area:
Farea:
Teaching,
Education,
Training,
Counselling
Posted Date:
27-Feb-2014
Desired Candidate Profile
- Graduate
- Experience training and coaching in an
- well versed in the rules of English grammar
- excellent ommunication skills (both oral and written)
- good classroom handling skills
Job Description
Position: Language Trainer cumCoach
Role: Handling both Classroom training & Coaching for employees.
Interested candidates, please forward CV to anandita2coms.com
or Call: 09088693320
Keywords: language coach voice & accent coachV&A; coachV&Avoice; & accentvoice and accentlanguage trainer communication trainer communication coach soft skills trainer soft skills voice coach voice trainer
Company Profile
http://www.2coms.com
2COMS Consulting Private Ltd. started operations in 1999 as a recruitment and staffing solutions company and since then has been successful in placing 5000+ candidates in the top IT and ITES companies.
(WE DO NOT HAVE ANY CHARGES.)
Contact Details
Company Name:
2coms Consulting Pvt Ltd
Web site:
Executive Name:
Anandita
Address:
No, G-18,ground floor, Brigade gardens
no 19,church street,
Brigade road, Church street
BANGALORE,Karnataka,India
Telephone:
9088693320
View more Jobs in:
Ths job posted here is submitted either by the clients of Ritz Consultant or individual/consultant/freelancers. Ritz Consultant takes no responsiblity of authenticity of Jobs Posted here as we offer free job postings. Users are advised to research bonafides of advertisers independently. Ritz Consultant will not have any responsibility in this regard. We recommend that you visit Terms & Conditions and the Security Advice for more comprehensive information.
Please note: This is not advertisers contact form. This is complain form. Your message will be sent to administrators to let them review this ad.
Your full name *
Your email address *
Your message *
* - Fields with * are required
Jobs From Most Popular Cities
Jobs By Functions
Jobs By Industry
Jobs By Keywords
All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners.