Consultant-Senior Sensitivities Advisor in Chemonics International Inc.
Welcome Guest
|
|
Email
Password
Registered Users
1,204,170
Posted Jobs
33,814
Consultant-Senior Sensitivities Advisor
Chemonics International Inc.
Posted :05 May, 2014
218 views
Job Location: KarachiCountry: PakistanPositions: 1Job Type: Contractual
Department / Job Category: Consultancy
Last Date: 12 May, 2014
Project Description
USAID is a development partner to the Government of Sindh and is currently supporting the Department of Education and Literacy with implementation of the Sindh Basic Education program (SBEP) in Districts Sukkur, Khairpur, Larkana, Qambar-Shahdadkot, Jacobabad, Kashmore, Dadu and selected towns of Karachi city. The overarching goal of SBEP is “Increased and Sustained Student Enrollment in Primary, Middle and Secondary Schools in targeted geographical locations in Sindh.” The Sindh Reading Program (SRP) is a five-year initiative in the same geographic areas of the parent SBEP. SRP will support the SBEP goal based on lessons learned from USAID and the Government of Sindh’s legacy of early grade teaching and learning.
Over the life of project, SRP aims to:
Improve teacher competencies for effective early grade reading and mathematics instruction;
Improve early grade reading and mathematics assessment practice;
Improve student access to supplementary reading and mathematics material;
Enhance participation of parents and caregivers in support of early grade literacy and early grade numeracy for out of school children.
About Chemonics International:
On January 6, 2014, Chemonics International and its institutional development partners School-to-School International, Health and Nutrition Development Society, Indus Resource Centre, and Souktel Inc., were awarded a contract by USAID to implement the Sindh Reading program to achieve the aims above.
Chemonics is an international development company that partners with local and international organizations to promote social and economic change around the world. From our founding in 1975, we have worked in more than 150 countries to help our clients, partners, and beneficiaries face difficult challenges, from political instability to poor education performance, to a lack of market infrastructure. We have helped them overcome those challenges by working together to find and implement innovative programs that achieve development impact.
We are entirely employee-owned, giving us both the freedom and the responsibility to pursue our mission with single-minded focus. Holding ourselves to the highest quality standards, we are also committed to living our values of caring, excellence, innovation, integrity, and opportunity to implement efficient and effective programs that build a better future for those we serve.
At Chemonics, we believe our mission of helping people live healthier, more productive, and more independent lives is driven by our commitment to service to our mission, to our beneficiaries, to our clients, and to our staff.
Position Objective:
The purpose of this assignment is to develop a project gender strategy (or gender action plan) for the Sindh Reading Program, based on data collection concerning the country and technical context as it relates to gender considerations and constraints. The strategy will identify specific activities by component that can be incorporated into the work plan and undertaken by the project to address relevant gender constraints. To complement the strategy, the consultant may also train project staff on gender, women/peace/security, conflict and social equity concepts, USAID gender, women/peace/security, conflict and social equity requirements, and tools to integrate gender effectively into project activities.
Gender, women/peace/security, conflict and social equity strategy. The gender, women/peace/security, conflict and social equity strategy is the starting point to identify how project activities, results, and indicators can be aligned to increase females’ and males’ participation in the project and mitigate any unintended consequences on females and males. Development of the strategy will be guided by the questions outlined in ADS Section 201.3.11.6:
How will the different roles and status of females and males within the community, political sphere, workplace, and household affect the work to be undertaken? This question focuses on differences in the roles and status of females and males, including across diverse age, socio-economic and cultural groups that create inequalities that could impede achieving project goals.
How will the anticipated results of the work affect women and men differently? This question addresses possible differing effects on females and males, including across diverse age, socio-economic and cultural groups regarding specific activities to mitigate potential unintended impacts, promoting equity among men and women.
The gender, women/peace/security, conflict and social equity strategy will ensure that a sensitive focus regarding these cross-cutting themes is incorporated into project activities and that a strategy is in place to include females and males equitably. Recommendations will specifically identify opportunities for greater inclusion of females of different age groups and socio-cultural backgrounds by project component and other target aspects such as Information and Communication Technologies for Education (ICT4E) and suggest specific activities and actions to be taken that will help avoid unintended impacts of project outcomes on females and males.
Staff training in gender concepts and requirements. To support implementation of the strategy, project staff will be trained in gender concepts and the gender requirements of the Sindh Reading Project. Staff will learn the basics of gender, women/peace/security, conflict and social equity analysis and how they could apply these techniques to country-specific issues within the project scope of work and the challenges females and males face relative to project objectives and activities. The training will assist staff to integrate specific strategies that are sensitive to gender, women/peace/security, conflict and social equity in their project work to identify the different needs of male and female actors and activities that support positive gender and socio-cultural relations. The training may also present information on tools to integrate gender, women/peace/security, conflict and social equity effectively into project activities.
Qualifications
A doctoral degree in social policy with concentrations in gender and women/peace/security.
Demonstrated ability to design and lead rigorous research studies that conform to international standards (as principal investigator preferred).
Demonstrated ability to produce high quality written products including journal articles that meet an international professional standard and to present at local and international conferences.
Demonstrated ability to design and conduct effective workshops on gender, women/peace/security, conflict and social equity with individuals from a range of socio-economic, cultural and organization strata.
Current knowledge of access to and utilization of traditional and contemporary communication media and ICT4E by females and males of different age groups and socio-economic and cultural backgrounds, particularly to support gender, women/peace/security, conflict and social equity.
At least 15 years of experience as an Advisor in gender, women/peace/security, conflict and social equity at the macro, meso and micro levels.
Up-to-date knowledge of and experience in mixed methods research (including action research and strengths-based and appreciative inquiry).
Demonstrated understanding of and experience in the education sector, particularly consideration of the institutional, organizational and individual forms of bias and inequity.
Demonstrated capacity to undertake Internet-based searches efficiently and effectively and the ability to discriminate between high quality, credible and useful Internet-based resources and inappropriate or low quality resources.
Willingness to travel frequently within selected districts in northern Sindh and towns of Karachi as well as occasionally to other areas of Pakistan
Application Instructions:
Please email a CV, letter of interest, and three references with contact information to  no later than May 12, 2014. Please write “Sensitivities Advisor” in the subject line.
Chemonics is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate in its selection and employment practices on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, political affiliation, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, disability, genetic information, age, membership in an employee organization, or other non-merit factors. Qualified women are strongly encouraged to apply.
Hot Jobs
.....
.....
.....
.....
.....
Spotlight
Copyright 2014 BrightSpyre.com