Mail Room Executive
| SpanJobs.com
The Premier JobSite for the Asia Pacific Region and India. All Jobs in Asia Pacific and India Now!
Mail Room Executive
Posted by: Superseva Services Pvt Ltd
Posted date: 05-May
Handling EPABX.
Dispatch couriers.
Send bridge call details to the employees to all location.
Send\Receive fax.
Check mails and drafting mails.
Maintaining soft copy of the couriers being dispatched.
Collect Invoices from the vendor and send those to the finance Department
Collect cheques from the finance department and dispatch the same to the vendor and maintain both soft and hard copy of the same.
Post Details
Job Title
Mail Room Executive
Classification
Job Type
Job Function
Mail Room Executive
Location
Hyderabad,Kharidabad
Country
Job Salary
7500
Company and Contact Details
Company
Superseva Services Pvt Ltd
Company Website
Company Profile
SuperSeva Services, started in the year 2000, is an ISO 9001:2008 certified organization with a clear focus on providing Enterprise Support Services to its clients. Our Enterprise Support services offerings spans across non- core areas of an Organization aligned as-Admin and Facility Support Services, Legal and Finance Support services, Enterprise Event Management and HR Support Services. All these services are available both on-site and off-site through our website, call center, email or the help-desk.
The list of Services we provide are :
1) HR Support Services
2) Admin and Facility Management Services
3) Finance and Legal Support Services
4) Enterprise Event Management
Our services are available PAN India at around 300 on site locations. Key cities such as Bangalore, Chennai, Hyderabad, Delhi, Pune, Mumbai, Kolkata, Chandigarh, Gurgaon and Vizag are all well serviced and served by us. SuperSeva Services has over 4, 00,000 (and increasing) satisfied corporate customers and has the experience and expertise in handling over 30,000 requests per month. Our committed and well trained staff (of 500 employees), have earned a reputation for professional service and empathy.
Contact Person Name
karhi
|  |
|
|
Copyright © 2006 - 2014 SpanJobs.com Free India Jobs - The Number 1 Free Job Portal in India. All Rights Reserved
SpanJobs.com - The Number 1 Portal for India Jobs - Best Jobs in India and India Careers. India Jobs | Jobs in India | India Careers