Ios Developer Jobs in Amerald (pvt) limited in Karachi, Pakistan - Ref. 106284
Toggle navigation
Ios Developer Jobs in Amerald (pvt) limited in Karachi, Pakistan
Ios Developer Job in Amerald (pvt) limited, Pakistan
Category
Job Type
Shift Timings
Requires Traveling
No
Career Level
Experienced (Non-Managerial)
Number Of Vacancies
2
Required Qualification
BS or MS in Computer Science
Required Experience
2 Years
Salary Per Month
50,000 - 90,000 PKR
Posted on
05/05/2014
Last Date
31/05/2014
Company
Location
,
Job Description
Passion for games and a desire to make an impact on a growing industry Self-motivation and willingness to participate in many areas of game development Responsible for designing and developing Game applications on iOS platform. Responsible for developing new ideas for iOS mobile. Work on apps development projects in a group and/or individually. Responsible for being compliant with the prevailed processes for game development. Good Object Oriented Programming and Design skills, UML Strong analytical and problem solving skills.
Job Specification
Object oriented programing with Objective C. Good memory management skills by using apple provided tools. 5+ years’ experience in software development, including expertise in C++ out of which at least 2 years of experience in iOS Game development including Objective-C and iOS SDK.Minimum 3 years of experience for developing applications for iOS platform Familiarity with Xcode, Instruments and Shark optimization, analysis tools and developing and delivering products using Cocoa on the Mac. Proven ability to deliver complex projects on time with excellent problem solving skills. Proven ability to turn ideas and concepts into carefully designed and well- authored code..Experienced in game development in 2-D using most the cocos - 2D framework, experience with various 3-D engines such as Unity, SI02, Oolong etc is a plus Should have knowledge of backend.
Programming Languages Cocoa, UML, Objective-C Tools StarUML, Class Diagrams, Xcode, ERD Source Controls Git DatabasesCoredata SQLite Interface Protocols & Standards Web Services, XMPP, JSON, XML Frameworks Xcode, Core Data, Cocos2d Operating Systems iOS, Mac OSX
×
Warning!
Do not make any payment to any company, a genuine employer will never ask you to pay in any case. ()
Jobs by Category
Jobs by Type
Jobs by Shift
Jobs in Pakistan
Jobs in Middle East
Other Tools
Copyright © 2014
All Rights Reserved -
- A Project of
×
Members Logon