Global Connections Manpower - Leading Life Insurance company
,
Chennai, Hyderabad / Secunderabad
Check your inbox to know about employers who showed interest in your profileSee the names of companies who view your resume, Consider your resume and Contacted with you.Seeker Services Learning Center Put Your Career in Gear with Monster Career ServicesWe have got:
to help you showcase your most marketable skills with a strategically written resume.
to let you determine your personality, career & areas of improvement. , a skill testing and certification programme to help you earn a professional certificate that add value to your skills.Career Advice Research Stand out from the job searching crowd with a unique combination of skills, experience, attributes and career advice from Monster. Monster helps you formulate better career decisions by offering numerous career tips for a successful job interview, resume creation, salary and much more.In addition, we have recently introduced interesting and informative sections like
and
to help you stay in step with job trends and accelerate your self-learning.
You are being redirected to CIIspecialablityjobs.in which is for disability recruitment.
Click ok to continue if relevant or cancel to continue searching jobs on Monster
Job Summary
Company Name
Global Connections Manpower
Locations
Chennai, Hyderabad / Secunderabad
Nationality
India
Experience
0 - 2 years
Keywords / Skills
sales
Education
Any graduate
Function
• Sales/ Business Development • Banking, Insurance & Financial Services
Role
Business Development Manager
Industry
Insurance
Posted On
5th May 2014
Share this job
Rate this job
Leading Life Insurance company
Global Connections Manpower
Share this job
Apply
Job Description
We have urgent requirement for Phone Manager
/ Business Manager- Indirect Channel, Bancassurance for Insurance company
Location-Mumbai-50,
Jaipur -50, Hyderabad-50, Chennai -25
The BM has the responsibility of lead generation,
telephonic sales conversion, service support, relationship management and
achieving the sales target for the assigned bank branches
Lead Generation for New Business & Lead Warming up
Daily coordination with assigned bank LGs for leads.
Ensure steady flow of leads from assigned branches
Ensure confirmed appointments to be scheduled for the
field
Continuous follow up on the appointments provided till
closed.
Telephonic Sales Conversion
Work on the leads provided by branch LGs, call the
customers and convert sales over the phone through the defined sales process
Coordinate with Customer and LG for final signature and
documentation.
Coordinate with the filed BM and GH on the appointments
provided
Service Support
Support the LG in any service requirements of branch
customers.
Coordinate with internal departments to close service
requests.
Handle Sales support calls from field and provide
solution and/or escalate it to the concerned department.
Relationship
Management and Sales target achievement
Single point of contact and representative of IndiaFirst
for the specified branches.
Responsible for lead generation, sales targets and
service support from a central location.
Ensure excellent rapport with the branch LG to maximize
productivity
Ensure and demonstrate supportive behaviour for the filed
BM/GH
6
days/general shift
graduate
/undergraduate
0-2
Sales mindset and a positive attitude  Basic
computer knowledge/technological skills
Result Orientation
Any
Good
verbal and written communication skills. Ability to converse in English &
Hindi is essential. Proficiency in other languages such as Marathi, Telugu or
Gujarati is an advantage.
10 -15 K depending on experience + incentive
Key Skill(s)
Career Advice to Find Better
Q: What can I do when my salary history makes me really expensive in my current job market? I dont want to take a h     Q: How do I respond to the salary history question when I am currently grossly underpaid for the work that I do, an
More
Apply Without Registration
For Jobs Seekers
Jobs By Functions
Jobs By Location
About Our Site
© 2012 Monster - All Rights Reserved - U.S. Patent No. 5,832,497 - NYSE:
Toll free : 1-800-4196666, +91-40-66116611 or