QA Automation Engineers – Fresher - Walk-in on 11th May ‘14 Job at Fission Labs
Find/Post the latest job opportunities at all types of Startup companies - early stage, bootstrapped, venture backed, stealth mode, beta or pre-launch, funded by founders or even in spinoffs from major corporations.
>
QA Automation Engineers – Fresher - Walk-in on 11th May ‘14
QA Automation Engineers – Fresher - Walk-in on 11th May ‘14
Posted May 03
,
Hyderabad, Andhra Pradesh, India
This employer requests that only candidates in India apply to this job.
You appear to be located in United States, not India, so you will not be able to apply for this job.
Prove that you are a smart fresher - QA Automation Engineers - Are you one amongst 2012 - 13 - 14 passouts ? Still hunting for a challenging place to work ? Check this out - prove yourself - meet us @ 9:30 A.M on 11th of May 2014 @ Fission Labs - Hyderabad
About Fission Labs
Fission Labs is a Product development services company working with some of the best startups in the Silicon Valley. We solve big problems using cutting edge open source technologies. We are one among the best to develop scalable cloud applications, big data analytics and mobile applications.
What we do
We tackle challenges of scale. Challenges we are currently working on include scaling an application to support 150 million users, building a real-time bidder with response times less than 100 milliseconds and building a big data technology stack that can be reused across multiple product lines.
If you are looking for a growth oriented career and not just a job, this is the place for you.
Eligibility Criteria:
1. B.E / B.Tech / M.E / M.Tech / M.Sc / MCA graduate (preferably from a reputed college or university)
2. Have excellent Analytical, written and oral communication skills.
3. Good at, and can code in one of the following programming languages: Java, Python, Ruby or PHP. We will test your proficiency in the language of your choice from the above list. For PHP, Ruby and Python, if you have thorough command over the topics covered in the free courses provided by Code Academy ( or
or
), you should be able to pass the test.
For Java, the test will be similar to the Oracle Certified Java Programmer exam.
4. Knowledge of Relational Databases and SQL will be a plus. You can optionally elect to take a test in SQL to prove your skills.
5. Interest/passion for quality. To showcase the same, we request you to prepare a brief note addressing the following topics and get a printout of your answers along with your resume to the walk-in;
•	3 issues, including bugs, usability issues or enhancements to Fission Labs’ website at www.fissionlabs.in
•	3 issues, including bugs, usability issues or enhancements to the shopping website www.flipkart.com
6. You are someone who is a;
•	Fast learner
•	Good communicator (both oral and written)
Walk-In Details:
1.
You are expected to be at Fission Labs’ Office by 9:30 AM on 11th May
2.
You are expected to bring a copy of your resume and the brief note mentioned in point 5 of the eligibility criteria
3.
You are expected to bring copies of your certificates and mark sheets
4.
We will conduct a brief screening test that lasts for 10 minutes, to eliminate non-serious candidates.
5.
Candidates who get through the screening test will be given tests in one of the following:
•	Java, Python, PHP or Ruby
•	SQL (optional)
•	English
•	Analytical Aptitude
6.
Next, a Group Discussion would be held to test for communication skills
7.
The last step would be an interview
Advice:
1. Be at the office on time
2. Use the time until the Walk-In day to hone your technical skills by going through the tutorials mentioned above
Address:
Fission Labs
Plot No: 703/A, 3rd & 4th Floor
Road No: 36, Jubilee Hills
Hyderabad, 500033
Your email address
Your first name
Your last name
Leave Blank
Do Not Modify
Enter recipient email addresses
(separate multiple addresses with commas)
Enter brief message
It's FREE!
Jobs You Might Like
Search Jobs
Follow
|