Technical Writer Position - Oracle India, Bangalore at null | SpanJobs.com
The Premier JobSite for the Asia Pacific Region and India. All Jobs in Asia Pacific and India Now!
Technical Writer Position - Oracle India, Bangalore at null
Posted by: null
Posted date: 04-May
Job Description:Please find the JD below for the Technical Writer position with us Oracle Retail R&D;, Oracle India, Bangalore.
Department Description :
The Oracle Retail Documentation department delivers documentation for the Oracle Retail product suite. The members of the department ensure that documents are released in conjunction with development-driven project schedules. In addition to designing, developing, and implementing documentation standards, the members of the team work with development subject matter experts (SME) to generate the following end-user documents and more: Release Notes, online help, User Guides, Installation Guides, Implementation Guides, Operation Guides, and White Papers. The team is also responsible for archiving all of its documentation and publishing it to the Oracle community via the Oracle Technology Network (OTN). Members of the department frequently interact with the Localization and Curriculum Development departments to help fulfill business requirements.
As a technical writer for the Oracle Retail Documentation Department, you will create content for PDF and online help publication. This position involves writing both front end (GUI-based) and back end (behind-the-scenes system processing) information. The content you will write has a wide audiencefrom non-technical business oriented end-users, to system administrators who install, configure, and operate Oracle Retail applications. On a regular basis, you will communicate with developers and foster relationships. You will be working with teams across US locations and in India. You will work independently, make decisions, and communicate progress.
Your efforts to develop documentation to reflect product releases include the following activities:
Manage your time and utilize your organizational skills, demonstrating an ability to multitask and be flexible.
Follow Oracle writing and formatting standards and templates.
Use excellent writing, interviewing, and organizational skills.
Work closely with the development team to incorporate new material into end user documentation.
Present technical information by using screen captures, tables, lists, and graphics.
Perform job requirements according to a project plan.
Grasp and synthesize technical information such as functional, technical, and detail design specifications.
Be proficient in using MS Word, RoboHTML, FrameMaker, Visio, source control systems, and Adobe Acrobat.nullnullnull
Post Details
Job Title
Technical Writer Position - Oracle India, Bangalore at null
Classification
Job Type
Location
Mumbai, Delhi, Bengaluru/Bangalore, Hyderabad / Secunderabad, Noida, Pune, Kolkata, Ahmedabad, Chennai
Country
Job Salary
null
Company and Contact Details
Company
null
Company Website
Company Profile
nullnull
|  |
|
|
Copyright © 2006 - 2014 SpanJobs.com Free India Jobs - The Number 1 Free Job Portal in India. All Rights Reserved
SpanJobs.com - The Number 1 Portal for India Jobs - Best Jobs in India and India Careers. India Jobs | Jobs in India | India Careers