Teacher (up to 3 years) Job in Hyderabad,
Human Resources Career, All Jobs in CA Technologies
Candidate registration
Login Forgot password
Forgot password
Sign in Candidate registration
OR
Search our 587 Open jobs today
What:
Where:
Let us find a job for you
One-Click-Join our Talent Community and let us find a great job for you. You'll get inside info on the latest jobs and we'll be able to find you when we're hiring.
Teacher (up to 3 years) job
in Hyderabad
CA Technologies provides IT management solutions that help customers manage and secure complex IT environments to support agile business services. It’s our aim to encourage global collaboration and innovation while supporting and developing our talented workforce. CA Technologies empowers its employees to drive success for both the business and themselves.
Requisition ID:
37565
Job Function:
Human Resources
Country:
India
City:
Hyderabad
City:
Hyderabad B1Nanakramguda
Post Date:
05/03/2014
Montessori Teacher (Upto 3 Years)This position is responsible to assist the lead teacher and children in a Montessori classroom with children ages six weeks through 3 years of age during the work cycle and to develop lesson plans during playground/afternoon sessions.Responsibilities
Arrange organized activities, individual and group using classroom materials such as, wooden hand rattles, crocheted balls, musical instruments, puzzles language objects, and paint for times the lead teacher is out of the room. Plan and implement outdoor, playground and inside activities for large muscle development using classroom materials such as, the wooden climber, movement mat, and pull up bar along with the outdoor play areas. Provide activities and opportunities that encourage curiosity, exploration, and problem-solving appropriate to the development levels of the children Organize activities and implement curricula that stimulate children's physical, emotional, intellectual, and social growth.
Motor: gross/fine motor Social-Emotional: blend of fine motor, adaptive, communication, cognition Communication: speech, language (expressive and receptive), social pragmatics Cognition: language, visual-motor, problem solving
The range of activities include, but are not limited to:
Language enrichment Visual discrimination games Practical life exercises Care of the self Care of the environment Food Preparation Sensorial Development Hand-Eye Coordination Language enrichment Art and Craft Natural Science experiences Gross Motor Movement Fine Motor Movement Social Relationships
Requirements
Bachelor's Degree in Education accompanied by Montessori Training Certification as mandatory Follow the Montessori Methodology to educate children placed in the classroom Through the use of the Montessori Materials and guidance of the Lead Teacher, participate with the child in play, solving problems, questioning, and experimentation. Through play and activity assist children with language development. With input from the Lead Teacher, this can include but not be limited to storytelling, game play, etc. As indicated by the Lead Teacher, introduce scientific and mathematical concepts. Help children explore individual interests, develop talents and independence, build self-esteem, learn how to get along with others, and prepare for more formal schooling. Participate in creative activities such as art, dance, and music Support the social and emotional development of children Show respect for the individuality of each child in terms of developmental level, potential, talent and behavior of that child. Attain mandated training hours utilizing your own time as necessary and follow all laws, regulations, policies and procedures. Focus on working as a team with the all teachers in the classroom and center. Show respect for and work closely with colleagues to ensure a positive CA experience. Follow and demonstrate understanding of the CA Montessori Children's Center and general company's policies and procedures.
If you want to fulfill your potential, be acknowledged for your achievements, and be given autonomy to make decisions for your business and customers; if you want to work with a company that respects you as an individual - recognizing both your needs at work and your responsibilities outside of it - then CA Technologies is where you belong.
At CA Technologies your passion and expertise can directly impact the business and you'll help offer our customers practical approaches to delivering new, innovative services and value through IT.
Learn more about CA Technologies and this opportunity now at http://ca.com/careers Note to Recruiters and Placement Agencies:
CA Technologies does not accept unsolicited agency resumes. Please do not forward unsolicited agency resumes to our website or to any CA Technologies employee. CA Technologies will not pay fees to any third party agency or firm and will not be responsible for any agency fees associated with unsolicited resumes. Unsolicited resumes received will be considered property of CA Technologies and will be processed accordingly.
Not ready to apply?
Featured jobs
|
Bangalore
|
Southfield, Michigan
|
Houston, Texas
|
Cornella
|
Hyderabad
Jobs by category
(232) (90) (63) (18) (14) (13) (12) (8) (5) (5) (2) (1)
Browse by location
Browse by locations Browse by sectors
(358) (116) (30) (22) (11)
Copyright ©2013 CA. All rights reserved.
Sign in Candidate registration