Mobile application developers (iOS, BB and Android)
Job Seekers
|
|
what:
where:
Job-Astro Consultants
-
Secunderabad, Andhra Pradesh
Key Responsibilities:
Design and Develop Hybrid mobile applications using HTML5/CSS3, JavaScript and hybrid containers such as PhoneGap, as well as Native mobile apps on one or more mobile platforms(iOS, Android, Windows, BlackBerry) Work with Senior Software Engineers, Architects, Dev Managers and Business Analysts to clearly define and understand business requirements, development estimation and work plans for multiple internal enterprise projects Work with Lead architects to conceptualize and prototype the appropriate solution, present to the development team and document the design of the business component and database objects required to implement the solution. Own the responsibility (or as part of a team) of development of the detailed design for individual projects. Recommend technological solutions/options when required on projects and teams to achieve business objectives. Coordinate with other development and cross functional team members, both onshore and offshore for solutions and development tasks on projects. Take ownership (or as part of team) of the solutions and conduct periodic code review to verify compliance of the coding to the design and patterns. Proactively benchmark application code to mitigate performance and scalability issues. Identify the strategies to increase the performance and scalability of the application High-level and detailed Design documentation of developed solutions. Assist Operations Team with any environment issues during application deployment across Development, QA, Staging and Production environments. Investigate and isolate system issues, develop a strategy to fix them and work with operations and infrastructure teams to implement.
Summary of JD * Candidate should know HTML5, JS and CSS3 and Working experience in Java Script frameworks such as JQuery, jQueryMobile, Backbone, underscore, require.js and Phonegap.
Candidate should have worked on hybrid application development with expertise with Phonegap SDK, Intermediate level in one or more native app development, ability to implement/integrate native and hybrid code whenever needed. Should have, Low level and high level design skills, ability to understand design patterns such as MVC, MVVM and use them in hybrid application development. Nice to have REST integration, WCF services(or any other services), client side authentication and validation. Consider Security vulnerabilities during design and implementation. Good UI development skills will be nice to have. UI features like Graphs, reporting, Form validation, Grid layout
The successful candidate will meet the following requirements:
experience in mobile application(native or hybrid) development designing, building and launching mobile applications with expertise one or more of the leading mobile web frameworks such as PhoneGap, Sencha Touch, Titanium or jQuery Mobile. Experience with one or more JavaScript MVC or MVVM frameworks such as Backbone.js or Knockout.js is required. Experience consuming and creating REST services. Working knowledge and experience with agile methodologies SCRUM a plus Experience working on applications for Global use is a plus. Seasoned app developers will distinguish themselves via professional mobile app development experience; referencing apps they built which are available in Apple’s app store of Google Play. Knowledge of professional software engineering practices for the full software development life cycle including coding standards, code reviews, source control management, build processes, testing and operations. Strong interpersonal and organizational skills. Flexibility, energy and ability to work well with others in a team environment
Required Skills
Bachelor's Degree in technical field. Expert problem solver. Finding simple answers to complex questions or problems. Strong organizational and communication skills. The ability to effectively manage multiple assignments and responsibilities in a fast-paced environment
Summary
Location:
Company:
Contract type: Permanent
Send to a friend
Your friend's email
Your full name
Your message
Mobile application developers (iOS, BB and Android)
http://www.careerjet.co.uk/jobview/81ba907b8d731f7fa0a3e64eaa73adba.html?affid=7b2e27d9738a79f5
|
|
|
|
© 2014 Careerjet