DIGITAL MARKETING EXECUTIVE
Job Seekers
|
|
what:
where:
Radiant Consumer Appliances Private Limited
-
Secunderabad, Andhra Pradesh
Develop & execute a digital lead gen strategy that takes existing and new channels into account:from email marketing, social media, SEO,websites,landing pages & videos to events & PPC. Creates & launches SEO campaigns,runs PPC campaigns. Responsible for improving company's organic search results. Creates and launches SEO campaigns, identifies areas of improvement, runs PPC campaigns, and attempts to improve our company site rankings in major search engines.Prepare detailed strategy reports.
Identify the least expensive but most powerful and profitable keywords.
Improve a company's organic search results.
Write effective headlines, body copy, and websites.
Ensure websites are filled with optimal keywords.
Write original, powerful SEO content for blogs and websites.
Implement off-page SEO content strategies such as coding.
Should be known of white hat and black hat tactics
Strategize ways to improve and track site performance.
Compile and present SEO performance reports.
Create advanced SEO strategies.
Evaluate product offering, traffic, landing page quality, content, design, security, payment options, shipping options, demographics of prospective customers when determining keywords and campaigns
Competitor Analysis
Work with development team to install, configure & use web analytics such as Google Analytics.
Generate Reports from Google Analytics.
Daily Monitoring of Organic Search Rankings.
Link Building: Submission to Directories, Blogs, Articles, PRs, Forums and Social Bookmarking
Generate Traffic using SMO / SMM
Experience with Web analytics such as Google Analytics and Webmaster Tools
Experience with Google Adwords
Good Communication and Writing Skills
Experience: Minimum 3+ year experience in a Search Engine Marketing profile including Search Engine Optimization, PPC and Social Media Marketing. Skill Set:
1.Strong Technical knowledge on SEO is very important (both on-page and off-page) 2.Good working knowledge of PPC and SMO. 3.Excellent Communication skills .
Summary
Location:
Company:
Contract type: Permanent
Send to a friend
Your friend's email
Your full name
Your message
DIGITAL MARKETING EXECUTIVE
http://www.careerjet.co.uk/jobview/3a2213aaecc14e728e83a576e3d5cbb7.html?affid=7b2e27d9738a79f5
|
|
|
|
© 2014 Careerjet