Job Front Office Executive Gobrah Management Consulting Services Pvt Ltd Hyderabad / Secunderabad Anuradha An ISO Certified, Chitambaram Chambers
Doraiswamy Iyer Lane, M.G. Road, Cochin - 35
Near Padma, M. G. Road.
ERNAKULAM,Kerala,India - Ritz Consultant Jobs (459035)
|
Candidates:
|
|
Employer:
|
Front Office Executive
Gobrah Management Consulting Services Pvt Ltd
|
Summary
Experience:
0 to
3
yrs.  |  Opening(s): 5
Posted on: 26 Feb
Location
Hyderabad / Secunderabad
Education
Industry Type:
Oil and Gas
/
Energy
/
Power
Salary:
Best in Industry
Functional Area:
Farea:
Executive Assistant,
Front Office,
Data Entry
Posted Date:
26-Feb-2014
Desired Candidate Profile
Candidate Should be good Communication skills
Pls forward profile with photograph
to anuradhagobrah.com
Job Description
Must have a thorough working knowledge of the front office operations to include the front desk, reception/cashiering procedures and reservations.
Job involves handling inbound/outbound calls
Walk-in customers & coordinating with employees
Keywords: Education:
UG - Any Graduate - Any Specialization, Graduation Not Required
PG - Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required
Doctorate - Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required
Company Profile
http://www.gobrah.com
Gobrah Management Consulting Services Pvt Ltd is a recruitment firm started with the core business focus on providing solutions for the highly talented needs of the clients and the Candidates.
Contact Details
Company Name:
Gobrah Management Consulting Services Pvt Ltd
Web site:
Executive Name:
Anuradha
Address:
An ISO Certified, Chitambaram Chambers
Doraiswamy Iyer Lane, M.G. Road, Cochin - 35
Near Padma, M. G. Road.
ERNAKULAM,Kerala,India
Telephone:
7702844777
View more Jobs in:
Ths job posted here is submitted either by the clients of Ritz Consultant or individual/consultant/freelancers. Ritz Consultant takes no responsiblity of authenticity of Jobs Posted here as we offer free job postings. Users are advised to research bonafides of advertisers independently. Ritz Consultant will not have any responsibility in this regard. We recommend that you visit Terms & Conditions and the Security Advice for more comprehensive information.
Please note: This is not advertisers contact form. This is complain form. Your message will be sent to administrators to let them review this ad.
Your full name *
Your email address *
Your message *
* - Fields with * are required
Jobs From Most Popular Cities
Jobs By Functions
Jobs By Industry
Jobs By Keywords
All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners.