Job Project Manager - Dotnet Gobrah Management Consulting Services Pvt Ltd Hyderabad / Secunderabad Naveen Reddy Opp. Gole Market, Sai Road BADDI (HP)
SOLAN,Himachal Pradesh,India - Ritz Consultant Jobs (459026)
|
Candidates:
|
|
Employer:
|
Project Manager - Dotnet
Gobrah Management Consulting Services Pvt Ltd
|
Summary
Experience:
10 to
18
yrs.
Posted on: 26 Feb
Location
Hyderabad / Secunderabad
Education
UG - Any Graduate
PG - Any Postgraduate
Doctorate - Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required
Industry Type:
IT-Software
/
Software Services
Salary:
Not Disclosed by Recruiter
Functional Area:
Farea:
IT Software - Application Programming,
Maintenance
Posted Date:
26-Feb-2014
Desired Candidate Profile
Expertise in devising operational strategies,financial plans, maintaining revenue cycle &achieving; substantial revenue growth&cost; reduction.
Hands on exp in Designing,Development &Deployment; of Web Applications
Onshore and offshore engagement models
Job Description
Looking for Project Manager (Dotnet) for a Mid level company
Strong Technical Manager with Management experience offering strong exp with C#, ASP.Net 3.5 and 4.0, MVC,WCF,Ext.JS etc
Senior Dotnet Developers can also apply
Excellent coding skills
Keywords: project manager technical project manager technical manager dotnet . net asp.net
Company Profile
http://www.gobrah.com
Our client has a proven experience in building online business portals and executing comprehensive online e-marketing plans with tactical outreach strategies.
Contact Details
Company Name:
Gobrah Management Consulting Services Pvt Ltd
Web site:
Executive Name:
Naveen Reddy
Address:
Opp. Gole Market, Sai Road BADDI (HP)
SOLAN,Himachal Pradesh,India
Telephone:
040-64587576
View more Jobs in:
Ths job posted here is submitted either by the clients of Ritz Consultant or individual/consultant/freelancers. Ritz Consultant takes no responsiblity of authenticity of Jobs Posted here as we offer free job postings. Users are advised to research bonafides of advertisers independently. Ritz Consultant will not have any responsibility in this regard. We recommend that you visit Terms & Conditions and the Security Advice for more comprehensive information.
Please note: This is not advertisers contact form. This is complain form. Your message will be sent to administrators to let them review this ad.
Your full name *
Your email address *
Your message *
* - Fields with * are required
Jobs From Most Popular Cities
Jobs By Functions
Jobs By Industry
Jobs By Keywords
All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners.