Consultant-NFE Systems Strengthening Advisor in Chemonics International Inc.
Welcome Guest
|
|
Email
Password
Registered Users
1,204,170
Posted Jobs
33,814
Consultant-NFE Systems Strengthening Advisor
Chemonics International Inc.
Posted :05 May, 2014
204 views
Job Location: KarachiCountry: PakistanPositions: 1Job Type: Contractual
Department / Job Category: Consultancy
Last Date: 12 May, 2014
Project Description
USAID is a development partner to the Government of Sindh and is currently supporting the Department of Education and Literacy with implementation of the Sindh Basic Education program (SBEP) in Districts Sukkur, Khairpur, Larkana, Qambar-Shahdadkot, Jacobabad, Kashmore, Dadu and selected towns of Karachi city. The overarching goal of SBEP is “Increased and Sustained Student Enrollment in Primary, Middle and Secondary Schools in targeted geographical locations in Sindh.” The Sindh Reading Program (SRP) is a five-year initiative in the same geographic areas of the parent SBEP. SRP will support the SBEP goal based on lessons learned from USAID and the Government of Sindh’s legacy of early grade teaching and learning.
Over the life of project, SRP aims to:
Improve teacher competencies for effective early grade reading and mathematics instruction;
Improve early grade reading and mathematics assessment practice;
Improve student access to supplementary reading and mathematics material;
Enhance participation of parents and caregivers in support of early grade literacy and early grade numeracy for out of school children.
About Chemonics International:
On January 6, 2014, Chemonics International and its institutional development partners School-to-School International, Health and Nutrition Development Society, Indus Resource Centre, and Souktel Inc., were awarded a contract by USAID to implement the Sindh Reading program to achieve the aims above.
Chemonics is an international development company that partners with local and international organizations to promote social and economic change around the world. From our founding in 1975, we have worked in more than 150 countries to help our clients, partners, and beneficiaries face difficult challenges, from political instability to poor education performance, to a lack of market infrastructure. We have helped them overcome those challenges by working together to find and implement innovative programs that achieve development impact.
We are entirely employee-owned, giving us both the freedom and the responsibility to pursue our mission with single-minded focus. Holding ourselves to the highest quality standards, we are also committed to living our values of caring, excellence, innovation, integrity, and opportunity to implement efficient and effective programs that build a better future for those we serve.
At Chemonics, we believe our mission of helping people live healthier, more productive, and more independent lives is driven by our commitment to service to our mission, to our beneficiaries, to our clients, and to our staff.
Position Objective:
The NFE System Strengthening Advisor is responsible for maintaining and further developing the relationship initiated with the Directorate of Non-formal Education and Literacy. The NFE Systems Strengthening Advisor will also investigate and ensure that appropriate ways and means for exploiting the NFE system strengthening work by the Government of Punjab undertaken in collaboration with JICA and the NFE Program are moved forward.
The NFE System Strengthening Advisor will adhere to and act in accordance with the Chemonics professional code of ethics, ‘Living Our Values’, and will make the principles of the code a part of SRP’s culture and operating procedures.
Qualifications
Master’s degree in education, preferably with a concentration in non-formal education programming including teacher training and curriculum development for NFE.
Certification or targeted training in non-formal education and adult and/or family literacty programming and practice.
Demonstrated ability to work with government counterparts to strategically and systematically develop and utilize an approach to capacity building and organizational development for NFE and literacy government units.
Demonstrated ability to lead the development of strategic approaches to strengthening of the NFE and adult learning system.
At least 5 years’ experience in middle and senior level management of large projects and activities with a particular focus on nonformal education system development, management of large-scale training programs and monitoring and evaluation systems.
Excellent interpersonal skills and at least 5 years of ongoing experience working with technical experts and consultants in a collegial manner.
Excellent organizational skills and demonstrated capacity to utilize a range of software and technology for efficient management.
Primary school teaching license and at least 5 years’ experience as a classroom teacher, education administrator (at the school and/or district level) or teacher trainer (with demonstrated classroom teaching experience).
A sound understanding of the education sector in Pakistan in general and in Sindh in particular.
Access to a network of stakeholders and the demonstrated ability to build networks and alliances with a range of stakeholders.
Sound background in the theory and practices of language (including literacy skills) and mathematics education.
Certification in conflict/crisis sensitivity for education programming (including an understanding of the Do No Harm analytical approach to planning and implementation) or willingness to participate in training.
Demonstrated understanding of social equity considerations including gender, poverty, disability.
Excellent skills in Urdu and English (speaking, listening, reading, writing) with proficiency in Sindhi preferred.
Willingness to travel frequently within selected districts in northern Sindh and towns of Karachi and occasional travel to other parts of Pakistan.
Willingness to travel frequently within selected districts in northern Sindh and towns of Karachi as well as occasionally to other areas of Pakistan
Application Instructions:
Please email a CV, letter of interest, and three references with contact information to  no later than May 12, 2014. Please write “NFE System Strengthening Advisor” in the subject line.
Chemonics is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate in its selection and employment practices on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, political affiliation, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, disability, genetic information, age, membership in an employee organization, or other non-merit factors. Qualified women are strongly encouraged to apply.
Hot Jobs
.....
.....
.....
.....
.....
Spotlight
Copyright 2014 BrightSpyre.com