it jobs,software jobs:Freshers Hiring For Intern Software Engineer @ “Autodesk" in Hyderabad - Telangana Magazine
it jobs,software jobs:Freshers Hiring For Intern Software Engineer @ “Autodesk" in Hyderabad - Telangana Magazine
728x90 AdSpace
Latest News
Saturday, 3 May 2014
>
>
it jobs,software jobs:Freshers Hiring For Intern Software Engineer @ “Autodesk" in Hyderabad
About Company
Name: Autodesk
Website:
Job Details
Education: B.E/B.Tech
Experience: Freshers
Job Location: Hyderabad
Job DescriptionIntern Software EngineerBuild killer experiences.Design and implement highly scalable web application APIs.Push the application by harnessing cloud computing and building a performance test suite.Collaborate with Software Architects, product designers, engineering managers to deliverhigh-quality production ready features.Candidate ProfileFull time students pursuing B.E./B.Tech Major in Computer Science.Candidates should have Strong programming skills in Java, Javascript.Candidates should have Awareness of what is possible with HTML5, CSS and passion to buildkiller experiences.Inquisitiveness to learn.Self starter who can work independently to deliver high quality solutions..
Title : it jobs,software jobs:Freshers Hiring For Intern Software Engineer @ “Autodesk" in Hyderabad
Posted by :
TelanganaMagazine makes u happy
Date :
Labels :
,
Item Reviewed: it jobs,software jobs:Freshers Hiring For Intern Software Engineer @ “Autodesk" in Hyderabad
9 out of 10 based on 10 ratings. 9 user reviews.
Posted by
at
Share Article:
Blogger Comments
Facebook Comments
0
comments:
Post a Comment
Subscribe to:
Google+ Badge
twitter
Labels
Ads
Popular
Video
Category
Facebook
Popular Posts
AP Inter 1st Year Results 2014
Manabadi schools9 AP Inter 1st Year Exam Results 2014 Available at www.manabadi.com,www...
Not wearing seat belts while they are speeding from one place to another in their swanky SUVs has taken the lives of many politica...
San Jose:  Jurors have ordered Samsung to pay just a fraction of the big-money damages sought by Apple in a high-stakes Silicon Vall...
Makkah Masjid   is one of the oldest mosques in  Hyderabad, telangana ,  India , And it is one of the largest Mosques in India. Makk...
Sanjay Dutt was last seen as a host of  Bigg Boss 5 . The actor will make his come back on the small screen with a talk show produced b...
Video
video
Category
Cricket score
Exchange Rates
Vertical Slider
Follow by Email
Video
Hot
Blogroll
Contact Form
Name
Email
*
Message
*
Label
zz
Flickr Images
Copyright © 2014
•