Consultant-Adaptation Research in Chemonics International Inc.
Welcome Guest
|
|
Email
Password
Registered Users
1,204,170
Posted Jobs
33,814
Consultant-Adaptation Research
Chemonics International Inc.
Posted :05 May, 2014
318 views
Job Location: KarachiCountry: PakistanPositions: 1Job Type: Contractual
Department / Job Category: Consultancy
Last Date: 12 May, 2014
Project Description
USAID is a development partner to the Government of Sindh and is currently supporting the Department of Education and Literacy with implementation of the Sindh Basic Education program (SBEP) in Districts Sukkur, Khairpur, Larkana, Qambar-Shahdadkot, Jacobabad, Kashmore, Dadu and selected towns of Karachi city. The overarching goal of SBEP is “Increased and Sustained Student Enrollment in Primary, Middle and Secondary Schools in targeted geographical locations in Sindh.” The Sindh Reading Program (SRP) is a five-year initiative in the same geographic areas of the parent SBEP. SRP will support the SBEP goal based on lessons learned from USAID and the Government of Sindh’s legacy of early grade teaching and learning.
Over the life of project, SRP aims to:
Improve teacher competencies for effective early grade reading and mathematics instruction;
Improve early grade reading and mathematics assessment practice;
Improve student access to supplementary reading and mathematics material;
Enhance participation of parents and caregivers in support of early grade literacy and early grade numeracy for out of school children.
About Chemonics International:
On January 6, 2014, Chemonics International and its institutional development partners School-to-School International, Health and Nutrition Development Society, Indus Resource Centre, and Souktel Inc., were awarded a contract by USAID to implement the Sindh Reading program to achieve the aims above.
Chemonics is an international development company that partners with local and international organizations to promote social and economic change around the world. From our founding in 1975, we have worked in more than 150 countries to help our clients, partners, and beneficiaries face difficult challenges, from political instability to poor education performance, to a lack of market infrastructure. We have helped them overcome those challenges by working together to find and implement innovative programs that achieve development impact.
We are entirely employee-owned, giving us both the freedom and the responsibility to pursue our mission with single-minded focus. Holding ourselves to the highest quality standards, we are also committed to living our values of caring, excellence, innovation, integrity, and opportunity to implement efficient and effective programs that build a better future for those we serve.
At Chemonics, we believe our mission of helping people live healthier, more productive, and more independent lives is driven by our commitment to service to our mission, to our beneficiaries, to our clients, and to our staff.
Position Objective:
The Adaptation Researcher will need to have a broad understanding of these global trends as well as an understanding of teacher professional development in Pakistan.  The Adaptation Researcher will need to be well-informed about and up-to-date on research, practices and instruments/tools across a number of education fields, able to synthesize numerous (primarily international) reports and compile relevant and appropriate annotated bibliographies and advice and recommendations to help SRP technical personnel make informed decisions based on the best models of practice.  The Adaptation Researcher will contribute to Components 1, 2, 3, and 4 under SRP and will be expected to coordinate with several technical leads based on required needs specific to each component
Qualifications
Minimum of a master’s degree in education (doctoral degree attained or in progress preferred)
Wide ranging understanding of or clear ability to develop deep understanding of education as a sector and specific sub-sectors and fields specifically teacher professional development, organizational development of teacher training institutes and education administration offices, ICT4E, Non-Formal Education system development and practices, public-private partnerships and other dimensions of education relevant to SRP.
Demonstrated capacity to undertake Internet-based searches efficiently and effectively.
Demonstrated ability to discriminate between high quality, credible and useful Internet-based resources and inappropriate or low quality resources.
Excellent analytical and synthesis skills
Excellent professional writing skills and demonstrated ability to produce annotated bibliographies.
Experience overseeing junior researchers in literature searches, developing annotated bibliographies, etc.
Willingness to travel frequently within selected districts in northern Sindh and towns of Karachi as well as occasionally to other areas of Pakistan
Application Instructions:
Please email a CV, letter of interest, and three references with contact information to  no later than May 12, 2014. Please write “Adaptation Researcher” in the subject line.
Chemonics is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate in its selection and employment practices on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, political affiliation, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, disability, genetic information, age, membership in an employee organization, or other non-merit factors. Qualified women are strongly encouraged to apply.
Hot Jobs
.....
.....
.....
.....
.....
Spotlight
Copyright 2014 BrightSpyre.com