Job Manager - Installation & Services Value HR First Consulting India Pvt. Ltd. Hyderabad / Secunderabad Aravinda # 503, The Concourse Bldg,
Opp. Lal Balgulow, above SBI Bank
Green Lands Road, Ameerpet
HYDERABAD,Andhra Pradesh,India - Ritz Consultant Jobs (458960)
|
Candidates:
|
|
Employer:
|
Manager - Installation & Services
Value HR First Consulting India Pvt. Ltd.
|
Summary
Experience:
5 to
10
yrs.
Location
Hyderabad / Secunderabad
Education
UG - Diploma - Electrical, Mechanical, B.Tech/B.E. - Electrical, Mechanical
PG - Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required
Doctorate - Any Doctorate - Any Spe
Industry Type:
Industrial Products
/
Heavy Machinery
Salary:
INR 6,00,000 - 8,50,000 P.A
Functional Area:
Farea:
Other
Posted Date:
26-Feb-2014
Desired Candidate Profile
- Should be able to Travel Pan India- Should have good knowledge in Firefighting, HVAC Maintenance, Installation etc- Candidate from PEB, Escallators & Elevators Industries are preferred.
Job Description
* Ensuring Installation and Servicing of industrial Door Division.
* To ascertain the Installation is done in the manner and produce that is envisaged.
* To Create Nature and train installers and contractors in designated territories, as defined from time to time.
* To have in place a team of authorised installers/contractors and conduct regular onsite training and audits of the work completed.
Keywords: servicesinstallationmaintenance hvac firefightingescalatorselevators PEB
Company Profile
Our Client is a Hyderabad based MNC with German Collaboration.
It is a 25 years leading Manufacturing Company of Steel Doors,
fire Doors, Scientific Doors, Hitec Doors, General Doors, and Special application Doors.
Contact Details
Company Name:
Value HR First Consulting India Pvt. Ltd.
Web site:
Executive Name:
Aravinda
Address:
# 503, The Concourse Bldg,
Opp. Lal Balgulow, above SBI Bank
Green Lands Road, Ameerpet
HYDERABAD,Andhra Pradesh,India
Telephone:
9949178381
View more Jobs in:
Ths job posted here is submitted either by the clients of Ritz Consultant or individual/consultant/freelancers. Ritz Consultant takes no responsiblity of authenticity of Jobs Posted here as we offer free job postings. Users are advised to research bonafides of advertisers independently. Ritz Consultant will not have any responsibility in this regard. We recommend that you visit Terms & Conditions and the Security Advice for more comprehensive information.
Please note: This is not advertisers contact form. This is complain form. Your message will be sent to administrators to let them review this ad.
Your full name *
Your email address *
Your message *
* - Fields with * are required
Jobs From Most Popular Cities
Jobs By Functions
Jobs By Industry
Jobs By Keywords
All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners.