Consultant- Pedagogical Practices Study Principal Investigator in Chemonics International Inc.
Welcome Guest
|
|
Email
Password
Registered Users
1,204,170
Posted Jobs
33,814
Consultant- Pedagogical Practices StudyPrincipal Investigator
Chemonics International Inc.
Posted :05 May, 2014
243 views
Job Location: KarachiCountry: PakistanPositions: 1Job Type: Contractual
Department / Job Category: Consultancy
Last Date: 12 May, 2014
Project Description
USAID is a development partner to the Government of Sindh and is currently supporting the Department of Education and Literacy with implementation of the Sindh Basic Education program (SBEP) in Districts Sukkur, Khairpur, Larkana, Qambar-Shahdadkot, Jacobabad, Kashmore, Dadu and selected towns of Karachi city. The overarching goal of SBEP is “Increased and Sustained Student Enrollment in Primary, Middle and Secondary Schools in targeted geographical locations in Sindh.” The Sindh Reading Program (SRP) is a five-year initiative in the same geographic areas of the parent SBEP. SRP will support the SBEP goal based on lessons learned from USAID and the Government of Sindh’s legacy of early grade teaching and learning.
Over the life of project, SRP aims to:
Improve teacher competencies for effective early grade reading and mathematics instruction;
Improve early grade reading and mathematics assessment practice;
Improve student access to supplementary reading and mathematics material;
Enhance participation of parents and caregivers in support of early grade literacy and early grade numeracy for out of school children.
About Chemonics International:
On January 6, 2014, Chemonics International and its institutional development partners School-to-School International, Health and Nutrition Development Society, Indus Resource Centre, and Souktel Inc., were awarded a contract by USAID to implement the Sindh Reading program to achieve the aims above.
Chemonics is an international development company that partners with local and international organizations to promote social and economic change around the world. From our founding in 1975, we have worked in more than 150 countries to help our clients, partners, and beneficiaries face difficult challenges, from political instability to poor education performance, to a lack of market infrastructure. We have helped them overcome those challenges by working together to find and implement innovative programs that achieve development impact.
We are entirely employee-owned, giving us both the freedom and the responsibility to pursue our mission with single-minded focus. Holding ourselves to the highest quality standards, we are also committed to living our values of caring, excellence, innovation, integrity, and opportunity to implement efficient and effective programs that build a better future for those we serve.
At Chemonics, we believe our mission of helping people live healthier, more productive, and more independent lives is driven by our commitment to service to our mission, to our beneficiaries, to our clients, and to our staff.
Position Objective:
The overall objective of the assignment is to contribute to the improvement of classroom teaching and learning practices and school-based professional development based on current theory and practices. The Pedagogical Practices Study Principal Investigator will ensure the successful implementation of a rigorous baseline study (using ethnographic research methods and/or mixed methods) of pedagogical practices in primary school classrooms and in-service teacher training colleges/institutes. The PI will ensure that the study is framed according to a strengths-based/appreciative inquiry perspective that links findings with changes in practices. The Principal Investigator will also ensure that relevant and appropriate annotated bibliographies are produced and advice and recommendations are provided to assist SRP technical personnel and Department of Education counterparts to make informed programmatic and policy decisions based on strong evidence base and good and best practices.
The Principal Investigator will ensure that an organizational development approach is utilized to engage with the Bureau of Curriculum, the Provincial Institute for Teacher Education, the Sindh Textbook Board and the Reform Support Unit.
The Principal Investigator will need to have a broad understanding of these global trends as well as a deep understanding of teacher professional development systems and practices. The Principal Investigator will need to be well-informed about and up-to-date on research, practices and instruments/tools across the field of teacher professional development including the following: classroom and school-based clinical supervision and mentoring and coaching practices and support structures for viable and effective professional development and support; action research at the primary school and teacher training institute levels; rapidly enhancing the competencies of large numbers of teachers and teacher educators in language education (including reading) and mathematics (pre-K through adult).
Qualifications
A doctoral degree in ethnographic research in education settings.
Demonstrated ability to design and lead rigorous research studies that conform to international standards (as principal investigator preferred).
Demonstrated ability to produce high quality written products including journal articles that meet an international professional standard and to present at local and international conferences.
Current knowledge of the use of ICT4E, particularly to support teacher professional development and student access to and learning via conventional and current technologies.
At least five years of experience as a teacher educator (preferably in-service-focused).
Up-to-date knowledge of and experience with teacher professional development systems and classroom/school-based teaching and learning practices including clinical supervision, mentoring and school-based professional development models and practices, action research and strengths-based and appreciative inquiry.
Demonstrated understanding of and experience with classrooms that are linguistically diverse (with a strong preference for an advanced degree or certifications in language education, particularly reading and mathematics).
Demonstrated capacity to undertake Internet-based searches efficiently and effectively and the ability to discriminate between high quality, credible and useful Internet-based resources and inappropriate or low quality resources.
Willingness to travel frequently within selected districts in northern Sindh and towns of Karachi as well as occasionally to other areas of Pakistan
Application Instructions:
Please email a CV, letter of interest, and three references with contact information to  no later than May 12, 2014. Please write “Pedagogical Practices Study Principal Investigator” in the subject line.
Chemonics is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate in its selection and employment practices on the basis of race, color,  religion, sex, national origin, political affiliation, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, disability, genetic information, age,  membership in an employee organization, or other non-merit factors. Qualified women are strongly encouraged to apply.
Hot Jobs
.....
.....
.....
.....
.....
Spotlight
Copyright 2014 BrightSpyre.com