Wipro
Jobs :: Job Openings in Wipro
| Wipro
Jobs for Freshers
- jobtardis.in
Jobtardis - It's more like a big globe of wibbly-wobbly, timey-Wimsey stuff Don't blink, I say don't blink. Apply for a Job Now.Jobs??!!!! "Oh Yes"Brand Me Resume Me Job Me
For the past 30 years there were many innovations in IT, but not in job sites? Here is the job portal with innovations.Who's here and there, and a bit everywhere, but the question should be "when", not "where" for Who.Give up?
You're just starting to get it.
Who's stuck first in the JOBTARDIS, trying to get to home base -- the 4th dimension?
Why? Go to 4th dimension to go to 5th dimension.Exterminate old job!!
Remove the boring old job from your career. "Regenerate" - New Job is here!World's first Interactive Job site! Travel in Jobspace! No Vacancies ... in Mars!Alien's? Humanoids? Green Faces? Martians? No offence, Do not apply.Here is a job waiting for you.Yesterday midnight someone posted a job.
One stop shop for your job search.Search for a better job site ends here. There is no need to visit any other job site after registering with Jobtardis.End of the Exiting Job sites!Who is wise? He who learns from everyone. Who is powerful? He who governs his passion. Who is rich? He who is content. Who is that?
It is none other than ?You?.All our job dreams can come true--if we have the courage to pursue them! Click Now..There is a way to do it better...find it!If opportunity doesn't knock, build a door "jobtardis way".Who built the Egyptian pyramids? Hey wiki take care of the question. I need a job now.It is time to fill the pocket of your pyjamas with dollars. Come join us and enjoy the life.
Net your Friends
E_Mail ID 1
E_Mail ID 2
E_Mail ID 3
E_Mail ID 4
E_Mail ID 5
Net your Friends
Net Your
Contacts
Net your
Contacts
Net your Contacts
1950365
Keywords
Location
Category
SelectIT-Software/Software Services
BPO/ITESDefence/GovernmentAnimationFresher/Trainee
Exp.
Select
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
»
Content on this page requires a newer version of Adobe Flash Player.
Wipro
-
Jobs
New to Jobtardis?
Apply to Advertised Jobs
Access Confidential Jobs
Connect with Recruiters
Already Registered
Recent Posted Jobs
Walkin@White Horse Manpower Consultancy Private Limited
Designation: Associate/Senior Associate -(N
Date: 2014-05-13
Location: Banglore
Walkin@White Horse Manpower Consultancy Private Limited
Designation: Associate/Senior Associate -(N
Date: 2014-05-13
Location: Banglore
Walkin@Quspec Consulting Pvt Ltd
Designation: Associate/Senior Associate -(N
Date: 2014-05-14
Location: Chennai
Walkin@Time Consultants
Designation: Technical Support Manager
Date: 2014-05-16
Location: Delhi
Walkin@ramya software solutions
Designation: system engineer
Date: 2014-05-09
Location: Hyderabad
Walkin@ Globe IT Solution
Designation: Software Developer
Date: 2020-03-14
Location: Pune
Walkin@UnitedHealth Group
Designation: Business/EDP Analyst
Date: 2014-05-15
Location: Mumbai
Our Services
By Location
Bangalore
Chennai
Hyderabad
Kolkata
Mumbai
New Delhi
Gurgaon
Noida
Trivandrum
Chandigarh
Search Results
Amazon Seller Services Private Limited
Bangalore, Karnataka
06-May-2014
Job Description: Wipro jobs Indian-based system integrators including Cognizant Technology Services
Wipro
Infosys
TCS
Mahindra Satyam and HCL
Do you have the business savvy and
Job Openings in Wipro
Wipro Ltd.
India
21-Apr-2014
Job Description: Wipro jobs At this level individual is responsible for managing a large account or multiple small account ( 100-150 member team)
In case of individual is responsible for
Job Openings in Wipro
Wipro Ltd.
Bangalore, Karnataka
28-Apr-2014
Job Description: Wipro jobs Responsible for managing delivery of multiple projects in a small to mid sized account ( 50-75 people) In case of service lines indvidual may perform role of
Job Openings in Wipro
Wipro Technology
Noida, Uttar Pradesh
27-Apr-2014
Job Description: Wipro jobs Recruitment For B Tech CS/IT/ECE for 2013/14 passouts Experience RequireFresher Qualification-- Graduate/Post Graduate(B Tech CS/IT/ECE) Work LocationAcross
Job Openings in Wipro
Wipro Technology
Bangalore, Karnataka
27-Apr-2014
Job Description: Wipro jobs Recruitment For B Tech CS/IT/ECE for 2013/14 passouts Experience RequireFresher Qualification-- Graduate/Post Graduate(B Tech CS/IT/ECE) Work LocationAcross
Job Openings in Wipro
Also search for following keywords
Job Seekers
Fast Forward
Top Cities
Top Categories
Employers
Recruiters
Information
Partner Sites
|
|
|
|
|
Head Office: Anantha Cybertech Pvt. Ltd,Flat no:210,Hemadurga plaza,Opp allwyn colony,Miyapur,Hyderabad-49, INDIA.
Anantha Cybertech Private Limited, 5th Floor, Ocus Technopolis, Tower B, DLF Golf Course Road, Sector 54, Gurgaon-122 002, India.
jobtardis logo is registered by jobtardis limited 13th Floor York House, Empire Way, Wembley, London HA9 0PA UK.
is owned by Jobtardis Limited, A UK Company Based in London.
is owned by Jobtardis Inc., A Mountain View, California Registered Company.
All rights reserved ©
2014
ANANTHA CYBERTECH PVT LTD
>>>>>>