Cognizant Hiring "Associate - Projects" BE/B.Tech Bangalore, Hyderabad May 2014 ~ Freshersplane | Freshers Job Updates
By Category
By Courses
By Location
Top Consultancies
RESUMETIPS
List of Top Companies Jobs
Career Kit
RESUMETIPS
Career Directory
Abroad Top Universities
Career Tips
Study Abroad
Test Preperation
IT SKILLS / TUTORIALS
»
»
»
»
»
»
»
»
» Cognizant Hiring "Associate - Projects" BE/B.Tech Bangalore, Hyderabad May 2014
Saturday, 3 May 2014
Company Name: Cognizant
Designation or Job Role: Associate - Projects
Education : Bachelor’s degree in Engineering or Science graduates with 0-4 years of experience.
Working Location: Hyderabad, Bangalore
Desired Candidate Profile and Job Description:
Qualifications
Bachelor’s degree in Engineering or Science graduates with 0-4 years of experience.
Key Responsibilities
Involved in coding, testing, debugging
Responsible for delivery of assigned work, under a module lead or team lead supervision. Needs to understand technology and quality processes within Cognizant
Job Requirement
Working knowledge of the technical platforms of the project
Applies design specifications techniques under supervision of the module leader / Project Lead
People Interactions
Within own team or department at operational level.
Client interaction in some cases.
Company Profile:
Cognizant (NASDAQ: CTSH) is a leading provider of information technology, consulting, and business process outsourcing services, dedicated to helping the world's leading companies build stronger businesses. Headquartered in Teaneck, New Jersey (U.S.), Cognizant combines a passion for client satisfaction, technology innovation, deep industry and business process expertise, and a global, collaborative workforce that embodies the future of work.
With over 50 delivery centers worldwide and approximately 162,700 employees as of March 31, 2013, Cognizant is a member of the NASDAQ-100, the S&P; 500, the Forbes Global 2000, and the Fortune 500 and is ranked among the top performing and fastest growing companies in the world. Visit us online at www.cognizant.com or follow us on Twitter: Cognizant.
Company Website : http://www.cognizant.com/about-cognizant
Share to
Get Free Email Job Alerts Daily in to your INBOX !
Next
Previous
0 Response to "Cognizant Hiring "Associate - Projects" BE/B.Tech Bangalore, Hyderabad May 2014"
Subscribe to:
Follow us on Google Plus
Follow us on Facebook
Copyright © 2014
- All Rights Reserved
Freshersplane - Powered by