Director, Information Technology Job in Hyderabad,
IT Career, All Jobs in CA Technologies
Candidate registration
Login Forgot password
Forgot password
Sign in Candidate registration
OR
Search our 587 Open jobs today
What:
Where:
Let us find a job for you
One-Click-Join our Talent Community and let us find a great job for you. You'll get inside info on the latest jobs and we'll be able to find you when we're hiring.
Director, Information Technology job
in Hyderabad
CA Technologies provides IT management solutions that help customers manage and secure complex IT environments to support agile business services. It’s our aim to encourage global collaboration and innovation while supporting and developing our talented workforce. CA Technologies empowers its employees to drive success for both the business and themselves.
Requisition ID:
45746
Job Function:
IT
Country:
India
City:
Hyderabad
City:
Hyderabad B1Nanakramguda
Post Date:
05/03/2014
Job OverviewThis position is responsible for managing an IT function and providing vision and leadership to an IT functional team to achieve the company's overall IT strategy. Plan, organize, and manage the assignments and operations of an IT function while learning to lead other managers and professional staff. Own all internal customer interactions related to the group or cross-organizationally and may have some external group interaction. As a partner to the business, informed of changing business needs and effectively plan and execute change initiatives, ensure alignment with the desired outcomes.Responsibilities Manage an IT function. Provide leadership and vision to the functional teams. Learn to lead other managers and professional staff. Is a subject matter expert. Understand the organizational challenges and global trends; understand the long-term view of the possibilities to shape the future for CA's transformational opportunities. Implement a global IT strategy, ensure alignment with the company's overall strategy. Receive some direction from senior management. Motivate, inspire, and lead teams to achieve goals, build capacity to develop and innovate, and creatively manage challenges and changes. Promote teamwork and collaboration. Provide guidance. Partner with the business to align strategy, goals, and objectives and stay informed on changing business needs. Own all internal customers inter action related to group or cross-organizationally. May have some external group interaction. Ensure the team stays informed on the latest technology, research best practices within and outside the organization, establish benchmarks, and use continuous process improvement and process framework disciplines to achieve results. Fully accountable for achieving financial, strategic, and operating objectives Adapt goals based on changes in CA strategy. Plan and execute change initiatives, ensure they are aligned with the desired outcomes. Build, define and establish effective resource planning and utilization within the team Ensure the acquisition, retention and continuing development of key talent. Plan, organize and manage assignments and operations by prioritizing and directing the activities of the team at the functional level. Monitor staff performance, instill excellence in employee development and performance to attain the highest level of productivity for long-range success. Direct teams in the effective evaluation and selection of hardware and software technology, ensure selected products and services provide value and satisfy related requisites Fully versed in IT operating expense and capital budgets and manage expenditures.
Requirements Strong management skills. Demonstrated leadership skills to mobilize and empower teams to achieve. Learning to lead managers. Is a SME in a function. Solid understanding of strategic planning capabilities and knowledge of operational strategy and planning Strong understanding of CA's and IT's global strategies, goals and objectives. Ensures the alignment with team goals. Strong communication skills and effective relationship building skills. Demonstrated interpersonal skills such as teamwork, facilitation and negotiation. Demonstrated ability to drive and implement change initiatives within a global organization. Fully mastered in the concepts and best practices of organizational change management. Demonstrated ability to coach, develop and motivate teams. Leads by example. Demonstrated ability to lead multi-disciplinary, multi-cultural teams. Strong judgment and decision-making skills based on analysis and assessments of facts. Teaches others. Ability to understand the long-term ('big picture') and short term perspective situations. Teaches others. Demonstrated influencing and negotiating skills. Interprets department strategies and services, resolves conflicts, influences outcomes on matters of significance for the division, conducts final negotiations and coordinates approvals/decision making below the executive level. Demonstrated expertise in at least one IT discipline and an understanding of software and hardware technology. Keeps up-to-date on technological developments. Excellent analytical skills and ability to quickly comprehend the functions and capabilities of new technologies Excellent planning, organizational and time management skills to successfully accomplish all aspects of the role Display intellectual integrity. Excellent ability to prioritize, assign, monitor, and control the activities of the team. Teaches others. Strong financial skills to effectively develop and manage budgets and control costs.
Preferred Education Bachelor's degree or global equivalent in an IT-related discipline. Master's degree or global equivalent preferred.Work Experience Typically 10 or more years of increasingly responsible IT experience with 5 or more years of leadership experience. FOOTER - If you want to fulfill your potential, be acknowledged for your achievements, and be given autonomy to make decisions for your business and customers; if you want to work with a company that respects you as an individual - recognizing both your needs at work and your responsibilities outside of it - then CA Technologies is where you belong. At CA Technologies your passion and expertise can directly impact the business and you'll help offer our customers practical approaches to delivering new, innovative services and value through IT. Learn more about CA Technologies and this opportunity now at http://ca.com/careers
Note to Recruiters and Placement Agencies
:
CA Technologies does not accept unsolicited agency resumes. Please do not forward unsolicited agency resumes to our website or to any CA Technologies employee. CA Technologies will not pay fees to any third party agency or firm and will not be responsible for any agency fees associated with unsolicited resumes. Unsolicited resumes received will be considered property of CA Technologies and will be processed accordingly. EOE/AA
Not ready to apply?
Featured jobs
|
Cornella
|
Houston, Texas
|
Hyderabad
|
Bangalore
|
Southfield, Michigan
Jobs by category
(232) (90) (63) (18) (14) (13) (12) (8) (5) (5) (2) (1)
Browse by location
Browse by locations Browse by sectors
(358) (116) (30) (22) (11)
Copyright ©2013 CA. All rights reserved.
Sign in Candidate registration