Principal, Platform Engineer Job in Hyderabad,
IT Career, All Jobs in CA Technologies
Candidate registration
Login Forgot password
Forgot password
Sign in Candidate registration
OR
Search our 587 Open jobs today
What:
Where:
Let us find a job for you
One-Click-Join our Talent Community and let us find a great job for you. You'll get inside info on the latest jobs and we'll be able to find you when we're hiring.
Principal, Platform Engineer job
in Hyderabad
CA Technologies provides IT management solutions that help customers manage and secure complex IT environments to support agile business services. It’s our aim to encourage global collaboration and innovation while supporting and developing our talented workforce. CA Technologies empowers its employees to drive success for both the business and themselves.
Requisition ID:
45733
Job Function:
IT
Country:
India
City:
Hyderabad
City:
Hyderabad B1Nanakramguda
Post Date:
05/03/2014
Principal, Platform Engineer This position is responsible for planning, defining, designing, and implementing solutions for systems using network, server, storage, and computing platforms including Service Oriented architectures (SOA) and Cloud architectures. Implement the core of the IT infrastructure.Expected to understand and drive work based upon proper IT architectures. May address complex platform management processes and automation such as configuration, asset, problem, discovery, change, release, and security management. Stay current on the latest technologies and aspects such as security and systems management and converse with the latest experts in the field.Responsibilities Analyze enterprise application integration (EAI), service oriented architecture (SOA), system, server, application, and network performance. Develop and review operator and control instructions Prepare and conduct system and programming tests requiring interfacing of hardware and software. Maintain tools that support and automate processes for hardware or software product release. Propose and implement system enhancements (software and hardware updates) that will improve the performance and reliability of the system Modify, maintain and update software and hardware. Manage end user accounts, permissions, access rights and storage allocations in accordance with best practices regarding privacy, security and compliance. Recommend technology tools and products, develop technical standards and act as a resource to junior members. Conduct programming tasks including program design, program coding, debugging and documentation inclusive of systems using end user computing devices Conduct research on emerging products, services, protocols and standards in support of system and hardware procurement and development efforts. Conduct proactive analysis and works with a combination of internal IT staff and external vendors to ensure timely problem resolution of problems. Manage the load configuration of platforms and systems and make recommendations for purchase or upgrade of data networks. Coordinate terminal orders and cable installation, network system planning, upgrading, monitoring, testing, and servicing. Conduct project planning, cost analysis and vendor comparisons and work on project implementations. Approve action requests and specifies purchase requirement and negotiate and place orders with vendors. Seek out and embrace opportunities to be CA's first and best product customer, partner, and collaborator. Work to resolve problems, clarify, or interpret complex information/policies and provide initial screening/negotiations without approval authority. During times of emergencies, outages and project planned work; be on call and available until the event is addressed. During system conversions, extra effort may be required in order to ensure the roll out of the system is successful. Perform other job-related duties as assigned.
RequirementsSAP Basis expertise in ECC and at least 2 modules used at CA.
Exposure to automation and related thought process. Past experience in automating operational tasks is a must. Sound knowledge of Scripting (shell/Powershell/Python/batch) or developmental (Java/C/C++ or Perl) experience is required Preference will be given to people with exposure to Cloud with some working experience Continuous delivery, Develops culture and its benefits
Good project management skills with experience of driving cross team and cross functional activities to meet team goal Experience of leading and successfully delivering projects of small to medium scale is needed Will to volunteer for taking up accountability and ownership of projects and tasks Open to move into a different role (Non-SAP-Basis or outside of current responsibility) based on business needs and resource requirement demands
FOOTER - If you want to fulfill your potential, be acknowledged for your achievements, and be given autonomy to make decisions for your business and customers; if you want to work with a company that respects you as an individual - recognizing both your needs at work and your responsibilities outside of it - then CA Technologies is where you belong. At CA Technologies your passion and expertise can directly impact the business and you'll help offer our customers practical approaches to delivering new, innovative services and value through IT. Learn more about CA Technologies and this opportunity now at http://ca.com/careers
Note to Recruiters and Placement Agencies
:
CA Technologies does not accept unsolicited agency resumes. Please do not forward unsolicited agency resumes to our website or to any CA Technologies employee. CA Technologies will not pay fees to any third party agency or firm and will not be responsible for any agency fees associated with unsolicited resumes. Unsolicited resumes received will be considered property of CA Technologies and will be processed accordingly. EOE/AA
Not ready to apply?
Featured jobs
|
Bangalore
|
Houston, Texas
|
Southfield, Michigan
|
Hyderabad
|
Cornella
Jobs by category
(232) (90) (63) (18) (14) (13) (12) (8) (5) (5) (2) (1)
Browse by location
Browse by locations Browse by sectors
(358) (116) (30) (22) (11)
Copyright ©2013 CA. All rights reserved.
Sign in Candidate registration