Senior Software Engineer (ESTG) Job in Hyderabad,
Development Career, All Jobs in CA Technologies
Candidate registration
Login Forgot password
Forgot password
Sign in Candidate registration
OR
Search our 587 Open jobs today
What:
Where:
Let us find a job for you
One-Click-Join our Talent Community and let us find a great job for you. You'll get inside info on the latest jobs and we'll be able to find you when we're hiring.
Senior Software Engineer (ESTG) job
in Hyderabad
CA Technologies provides IT management solutions that help customers manage and secure complex IT environments to support agile business services. It’s our aim to encourage global collaboration and innovation while supporting and developing our talented workforce. CA Technologies empowers its employees to drive success for both the business and themselves.
Requisition ID:
43342
Job Function:
Development
Country:
India
City:
Hyderabad
City:
Hyderabad B1Nanakramguda
Post Date:
05/03/2014
HEADER - CA Technologies provides IT management solutions that help customers manage and secure complex IT environments to support agile business services. Organizations of all sizes leverage CA Technologies software and SaaS solutions to accelerate innovation, transform infrastructure and secure data and identities, from the data center to the cloud. As a Sr. Software Engineer, you will be responsible for creating, testing, automating tests and maintaining software applications for PPM Clarity product line. In this position, you will perform design and development of test frameworks, test code development for enterprise product like Clarity.RESPONSIBILITIES
Have a passion for designing and coding complex modules that meet functional and business requirements on schedule and within budget. Design functional/unit/module testing of software to find errors and confirm programs meet specifications Write and maintain documentation to describe program development, logic, coding, testing, changes, and corrections Provide constructive feedback to establish and improve processes and procedures Develop plans outlining steps and time tables for developing programs
REQUIREMENTS
5+ years' experience as an engineer working in Java technologies Master of Web development, Web Services is a big plus. Familiar with agile development and unit testing methods. Understanding of databases, app /web server configurations, source control tools is plus Must be analytical, adept to problem solving, and have a strong attention to detail. Excellent communication skills that can deal with diverse types of people. Coaching and mentoring skill is a plus.
FOOTER - If you want to fulfill your potential, be acknowledged for your achievements, and be given autonomy to make decisions for your business and customers; if you want to work with a company that respects you as an individual - recognizing both your needs at work and your responsibilities outside of it - then CA Technologies is where you belong. At CA Technologies your passion and expertise can directly impact the business and you'll help offer our customers practical approaches to delivering new, innovative services and value through IT. Learn more about CA Technologies and this opportunity now at http://ca.com/careers
Not ready to apply?
Featured jobs
|
Houston, Texas
|
Southfield, Michigan
|
Cornella
|
Hyderabad
|
Bangalore
Jobs by category
(232) (90) (63) (18) (14) (13) (12) (8) (5) (5) (2) (1)
Browse by location
Browse by locations Browse by sectors
(358) (116) (30) (22) (11)
Copyright ©2013 CA. All rights reserved.
Sign in Candidate registration