Senior Software Engineer (ESTG) Job in Hyderabad,
Development Career, All Jobs in CA Technologies
Candidate registration
Login Forgot password
Forgot password
Sign in Candidate registration
OR
Search our 587 Open jobs today
What:
Where:
Let us find a job for you
One-Click-Join our Talent Community and let us find a great job for you. You'll get inside info on the latest jobs and we'll be able to find you when we're hiring.
Senior Software Engineer (ESTG) job
in Hyderabad
CA Technologies provides IT management solutions that help customers manage and secure complex IT environments to support agile business services. It’s our aim to encourage global collaboration and innovation while supporting and developing our talented workforce. CA Technologies empowers its employees to drive success for both the business and themselves.
Requisition ID:
42926
Job Function:
Development
Country:
India
City:
Hyderabad
City:
Hyderabad B1Nanakramguda
Post Date:
05/03/2014
Job description: - Work with support engineers, professional services and sales engineers to investigate & handle customer and field escalated cases - Responsible for handling critical customer problems in real-time and developing code fixes or enhancements to be included in future code releases or patches. - Troubleshoot, analyze, replicate, regress and resolve complex field software problems escalated to engineering - Analyze, troubleshoot and set up test environments for debugging CA APM and 3rd party code - Develop tools to help replicate customer environments - Reproduce customer issues and resolve them by either establishing a workaround or a solution, or by debugging and creating a bug fix - Check in bug fixes and work with release management, QA to generate hotfixes and service packs - Design, implement and test escalated enhancement feature requests to enhance product functionality as needed - Coordinate, respond, track and follow-up on customer problem reports/technical support requests for Engineering - Travel to customer sites on an as needed basis. - Work closely with developers and performance engineers to enhance supportability and identify performance bottleneck in the productRequirements: - Expertise and understanding of network topology, web technologies, development languages and environments, including the following required:
C/C++, Java. - Familiarity with HTTP, HTTPS, TCP/IP protocols. - Working experience working with python and apache preferred. - Familiarity with Tomcat and Jetty are preferred. - Significant development experience in a Unix/Linux or Windows environment required - Experience with high-availability web applications preferred - Experience with Web services and Security preferred - Expertise required in object-oriented design methodology - Experience in designing and implementing enterprise server software with particular attention to scalability and performance - Strong C/C++ & Java skills required, including working knowledge of core libraries, design patterns, hibernate, spring, servlets and JSP. - Experience with one or more RDMBS required - Postgres & Oracle. - Database performance & tuning experience (logical & physical). - Solid knowledge and experience with foundational framework/infrastructure, system layering, threads, JVM, sockets, JDBC, etc. - Exceptional troubleshooting & debugging skills required. - Previous sustaining role/experience required is preferred, must have experience and demonstrated ability to debug/support large, complex, highly scalable multi-threaded enterprise software application - Strong motivation, take pride in providing the best sustaining product support and customer success - Excellent interpersonal, internal and external communication skills. - Ability to work independently and collaboratively - Strong written and verbal communication skills, capable of interacting with customers, other sustaining engineers, QA engineers, developers, engineering management, support engineers - Ability to acknowledge potential issues and escalate to appropriate team and management. - Flexible and able to adjust priorities as situation demands - Demonstrated ability to research and analyze problems and develop solutions - Capable of designing and developing significant new functionality as well as consistently producing on-going sustaining maintenance releases - Strategic thinker with proven problem solving skills, resourcefulness, attention to detail, with the ability to work within a team to meet support goals and objectives - Must be organized, demonstrated ability to manage multiple priorities and projects simultaneously, work in a fast-paced environment and accomplish results through influence while meeting deadlines - Ability to work with cross functional teams to lead and drive customer escalations to resolution - Aptitude and experience mentoring and directing the effort of other technical resources, both through direct interaction and training and documentation tools.If you want to fulfill your potential, be acknowledged for your achievements, and be given autonomy to make decisions for your business and customers; if you want to work with a company that respects you as an individual - recognizing both your needs at work and your responsibilities outside of it - then CA Technologies is where you belong.
At CA Technologies your passion and expertise can directly impact the business and you'll help offer our customers practical approaches to delivering new, innovative services and value through IT.
Learn more about CA Technologies and this opportunity now at http://ca.com/careers Note to Recruiters and Placement Agencies:
CA Technologies does not accept unsolicited agency resumes. Please do not forward unsolicited agency resumes to our website or to any CA Technologies employee. CA Technologies will not pay fees to any third party agency or firm and will not be responsible for any agency fees associated with unsolicited resumes. Unsolicited resumes received will be considered property of CA Technologies and will be processed accordingly.
Not ready to apply?
Featured jobs
|
Cornella
|
Houston, Texas
|
Hyderabad
|
Bangalore
|
Southfield, Michigan
Jobs by category
(232) (90) (63) (18) (14) (13) (12) (8) (5) (5) (2) (1)
Browse by location
Browse by locations Browse by sectors
(358) (116) (30) (22) (11)
Copyright ©2013 CA. All rights reserved.
Sign in Candidate registration