English Language Quality Manager in Creative Associates International
Welcome Guest
|
|
Email
Password
Registered Users
1,204,170
Posted Jobs
33,814
English Language Quality Manager
Creative Associates International
Posted :05 May, 2014
294 views
Experience: Minimum 5 yearsJob Location: KarachiCountry: PakistanPositions: 1Job Type: Full Time
Department / Job Category: Community, Social Services, and Nonprofit
Last Date: 12 May, 2014
Pakistan Reading Project will improve the quality of reading in public and private schools across all of Pakistan; supporting at least 2.5 million additional primary school students to read at all level commensurate with standards at their grade level by the three mutually reinforcing components of teacher education and professional development, systems reform and civil society engagement.
Relevant Experience:
Master’s Degree in English, TESL, TESOL and related fields/ higher qualification preferred.
At least 5 years of experience in teacher training, English language instruction, Monitoring and evaluation of English programs or other related fields
Demonstrated Skills:
At least 3 years of experience related to curriculum development, preferably in regards to reading and English language
Demonstrate innovation and success in staff capacity-building and in participatory, flexible, and gender-sensitive programming and implementation;
Fluency in English and Urdu is required.
Experience in managing training activities and workshops (e.g. managing training logistics and developing training materials);
Demonstrable interpersonal and intercultural skills and experience working closely with international teams;
Strong organizational and administrative skills, with high attention to detail;
Excellent oral and written communication skills, including computer skills – word processing, Excel, etc.;
Previous experience with donor-funded programs preferred;
Demonstrated knowledge of monitoring and evaluation in the field of education
Job Description:
Develop and integrate aligned reading instruction and assessment curricula into degree programs and CPD including supporting improvements to TTI English language programs;
Build students’ English language skills; training teachers to teach literacy skills to young learners through English;
Develop materials and lesson plans to enhance curricular offerings and model language teaching pedagogy;
Develop face-to-face training modules focusing on enhancing the language learning courses in years one and two of the prescribed curriculum; classroom observations and guided reflection; and provides ongoing support to the faculty in person/online.
Delivers trainings to the faculty/instructors
Performs other related duties as assigned
We are an equal opportunity employer, qualified femal candidates are encouraged to apply
Hot Jobs
.....
.....
.....
.....
.....
Spotlight
Copyright 2014 BrightSpyre.com