Sr Database Administrator - Oracle Job in Hyderabad,
IT Career, All Jobs in CA Technologies
Candidate registration
Login Forgot password
Forgot password
Sign in Candidate registration
OR
Search our 587 Open jobs today
What:
Where:
Let us find a job for you
One-Click-Join our Talent Community and let us find a great job for you. You'll get inside info on the latest jobs and we'll be able to find you when we're hiring.
Sr Database Administrator - Oracle job
in Hyderabad
CA Technologies provides IT management solutions that help customers manage and secure complex IT environments to support agile business services. It’s our aim to encourage global collaboration and innovation while supporting and developing our talented workforce. CA Technologies empowers its employees to drive success for both the business and themselves.
Requisition ID:
42601
Job Function:
IT
Country:
India
City:
Hyderabad
City:
Hyderabad B1Nanakramguda
Post Date:
05/03/2014
We are looking for a Sr Database Administrator to join our Bangalore OfficePosition DescriptionOracle DBA with strong RAC experience and DBA with performance tuningDatabase Administration - This person would be responsible for the day-to-day administration of Oracle databases. This includes monitoring the trouble ticket queue, user requests, trouble-shooting, and implementation of changes, database performance monitoring, database sizing, upgrade implementation * Documentation - Maintain all system documentation. Requirements * Expert level skills in Oracle 11g RAC - Architecture/Backup & Recovery/Security
* Good experience in MY-SQL Administration * Expert level experience of application development, Performance tuning and Database administration, using Unix/SQL*Plus/PLSQL/NMON/STATSPACK
* Comfort level in writing PL/SQL, Procedure and triggers
* Carrying out trend analysis and capacity planning
* Knowledge of advance feature of Oracle 10g and 11g for performance
* Understanding of all advisor available in Oracle 10g and 11g
* Working experience on RAC and Standby database concepts
* Strong knowledge of RMAN/Datapump and other migration tool/utilities.
* Provide daily support along with providing On-Call support for Oracle databases * Provide standardization and consistency across environments
* Strong self-sufficiency, self-motivated and initiative working on Database projects
* Knowledge of basic Unix/Solaris/AIX/Linux operating system, Storage, TCP/IP functionality, and networking a must
* Must have strong communication skills and ability to work individually, within a team, and with other groups at all technical levels
* Knowledge of ticketing systems and change management a plus
If you want to fulfill your potential, be acknowledged for your achievements, and be given autonomy to make decisions for your business and customers; if you want to work with a company that respects you as an individual - recognizing both your needs at work and your responsibilities outside of it - then CA Technologies is where you belong.
At CA Technologies your passion and expertise can directly impact the business and you'll help offer our customers practical approaches to delivering new, innovative services and value through IT.
Learn more about CA Technologies and this opportunity now at http://ca.com/careers Note to Recruiters and Placement Agencies:
CA Technologies does not accept unsolicited agency resumes. Please do not forward unsolicited agency resumes to our website or to any CA Technologies employee. CA Technologies will not pay fees to any third party agency or firm and will not be responsible for any agency fees associated with unsolicited resumes. Unsolicited resumes received will be considered property of CA Technologies and will be processed accordingly.
Not ready to apply?
Featured jobs
|
Houston, Texas
|
Cornella
|
Southfield, Michigan
|
Bangalore
|
Hyderabad
Jobs by category
(232) (90) (63) (18) (14) (13) (12) (8) (5) (5) (2) (1)
Browse by location
Browse by locations Browse by sectors
(358) (116) (30) (22) (11)
Copyright ©2013 CA. All rights reserved.
Sign in Candidate registration