Resource & Partner Mgmt Analyst Job in Hyderabad,
Services Career, All Jobs in CA Technologies
Candidate registration
Login Forgot password
Forgot password
Sign in Candidate registration
OR
Search our 587 Open jobs today
What:
Where:
Let us find a job for you
One-Click-Join our Talent Community and let us find a great job for you. You'll get inside info on the latest jobs and we'll be able to find you when we're hiring.
Resource & Partner Mgmt Analyst job
in Hyderabad
CA Technologies provides IT management solutions that help customers manage and secure complex IT environments to support agile business services. It’s our aim to encourage global collaboration and innovation while supporting and developing our talented workforce. CA Technologies empowers its employees to drive success for both the business and themselves.
Requisition ID:
44122
Job Function:
Services
Country:
India
City:
Hyderabad
City:
Hyderabad B1Nanakramguda
Post Date:
05/03/2014
We are currently looking for a qualified "Resources Analyst" to join the CA Services for Global Delivery team at our Hyderabad office. This person is responsible for the appropriate and timely staffing of CA Services projects within a specific geography and area/practice utilizing internal resources and/or CA Services partners, ensuring that resource skills and expertise align with customer/project requirements, and maximizing internal capacity to achieve utilization targets Responsibilities:
Review, manage, and execute staffing of resource requisitions, in collaboration with CA Services team. Align staffing of billable personnel, maximizing ability to achieve billable utilization targets by role. Provide regional CA Services management whitespace reporting and capacity recommendations. Ensure skills inventory and profiles of CA Services billable personnel are updated and accurate. Support partner management functions: relationship building, sourcing and rate negotiation Help build the knowledge base in the applicable communities and sites:
Include lessons learned, best practices, tools, methods and learning events using SharePoint as the enabling technology. Work Experience Typically 2 or more years in resource management and professional services operations, scheduling a pool of 50 plus consultants. Prefer experience at an IT professional services organization or working in a professional consulting environment. Skills & Competencies
Demonstrate the ability to apply sound judgment to any situation and negotiate the best outcome for all involved parties. Ability to work in a stressful, hectic, and constantly changing environment by employing multi-tasking and organized processing capabilities. Ability to work independently. Excellent professional verbal and written communication skills are required in local language and/or English.
If you want to fulfill your potential, be acknowledged for your achievements, and be given autonomy to make decisions for your business and customers; if you want to work with a company that respects you as an individual - recognizing both your needs at work and your responsibilities outside of it - then CA Technologies is where you belong.
At CA Technologies your passion and expertise can directly impact the business and you'll help offer our customers practical approaches to delivering new, innovative services and value through IT.
Learn more about CA Technologies and this opportunity now at http://ca.com/careers Note to Recruiters and Placement Agencies:
CA Technologies does not accept unsolicited agency resumes. Please do not forward unsolicited agency resumes to our website or to any CA Technologies employee. CA Technologies will not pay fees to any third party agency or firm and will not be responsible for any agency fees associated with unsolicited resumes. Unsolicited resumes received will be considered property of CA Technologies and will be processed accordingly.
Not ready to apply?
Featured jobs
|
Houston, Texas
|
Cornella
|
Southfield, Michigan
|
Bangalore
|
Hyderabad
Jobs by category
(232) (90) (63) (18) (14) (13) (12) (8) (5) (5) (2) (1)
Browse by location
Browse by locations Browse by sectors
(358) (116) (30) (22) (11)
Copyright ©2013 CA. All rights reserved.
Sign in Candidate registration