Principal Internal Auditor Job in Hyderabad,
Legal Career, All Jobs in CA Technologies
Candidate registration
Login Forgot password
Forgot password
Sign in Candidate registration
OR
Search our 587 Open jobs today
What:
Where:
Let us find a job for you
One-Click-Join our Talent Community and let us find a great job for you. You'll get inside info on the latest jobs and we'll be able to find you when we're hiring.
Principal Internal Auditor job
in Hyderabad
CA Technologies provides IT management solutions that help customers manage and secure complex IT environments to support agile business services. It’s our aim to encourage global collaboration and innovation while supporting and developing our talented workforce. CA Technologies empowers its employees to drive success for both the business and themselves.
Requisition ID:
46242
Job Function:
Legal
Country:
India
City:
Hyderabad
City:
Hyderabad B1Nanakramguda
Post Date:
05/03/2014
Job Overview:This position is responsible to lead and/or perform financial and operational audits throughout the Company.Key Responsibilities:
Independently lead and/or perform complex financial and operational audits by reviewing the accounting and financial data of various departments within an organization to ensure accuracy and compliance with government guidelines and laws. Write/update detailed narratives of areas being audited. Identify any improper accounting or documentation and research issues and make recommendations to improve policies or procedures accordingly; bring them to the attention of the Directors and SVP of Internal Auditing. Assist with preparation of reports on findings and recommend improvements in policies, procedures, and internal controls. Make recommendations for improving internal control audits and audit reports. Work with outside auditors to help reconcile discrepancies or support the external auditing function. Lead and/or participate in special projects as assigned. Direct interaction with external lead auditors. Establish procedures and guidelines to be applied by members of Internal Audit staff.Typical Role definition: Sr Professional Staff. A seasoned, experienced professional with a full understanding of area of specialization. Resolves a wide range of issues in creative ways. Complete understanding and wide application of principles, theories, and concepts in the field. General knowledge of other related disciplines. Strong competence with the various tools, procedures, programming languages used to accomplish the job. Usually works with minimal supervision, conferring with a supervisor on unusual matters. May be assisted by (and at times direct) less senior level employees. Requires daily decision-making capabilities and actions that may not be reviewed by superiors. Assignments are broad in nature and need ingenuity and originality to solve. Contributes to moderately complex aspects of a project. May assist more junior staff members with aspects of their job. Works on problems of diverse scope where analysis of data requires evaluation of identifiable factors. May play a role in high-level projects that have an impact on the companys future direction. Job-Specific Authority and Role:
Generally works without consulting their manager.Independent decisions are made dailyTypically has no direct reports.Typically has no total staff.Typically has a geographic focus of Region(APJ/EMEA/LA/NA).Typically does not manage a budget.Business Travel and Physical demands:
Business travel of approximately 25 percent yearly is expected for this position.Physical demand:
Office environment. No special physical demands required.Preferred Education:
Bachelor's Degree or global equivalent in Accounting, Finance or related business field (or MIS for financial audit only).Work Experience:
Typically 7 or more years of internal auditing experience Auditing, Accounting, Business Analysis, Systems, or Program Evaluation. Previous experience working in a public accounting firm preferred. Experience having functioned as a team lead and project managed team members.Skills & Competencies:
Excellent operational/financial background and interpersonal skills; solid analytical skills, problem solving abilities and high initiative; excellent written and verbal communication skills; excellent PC, time management and presentation skills.
FOOTER - If you want to fulfill your potential, be acknowledged for your achievements, and be given autonomy to make decisions for your business and customers; if you want to work with a company that respects you as an individual - recognizing both your needs at work and your responsibilities outside of it - then CA Technologies is where you belong. At CA Technologies your passion and expertise can directly impact the business and you'll help offer our customers practical approaches to delivering new, innovative services and value through IT. Learn more about CA Technologies and this opportunity now at http://ca.com/careers
Note to Recruiters and Placement Agencies
:
CA Technologies does not accept unsolicited agency resumes. Please do not forward unsolicited agency resumes to our website or to any CA Technologies employee. CA Technologies will not pay fees to any third party agency or firm and will not be responsible for any agency fees associated with unsolicited resumes. Unsolicited resumes received will be considered property of CA Technologies and will be processed accordingly. EOE/AA
Not ready to apply?
Featured jobs
|
Houston, Texas
|
Hyderabad
|
Cornella
|
Bangalore
|
Southfield, Michigan
Jobs by category
(232) (90) (63) (18) (14) (13) (12) (8) (5) (5) (2) (1)
Browse by location
Browse by locations Browse by sectors
(358) (116) (30) (22) (11)
Copyright ©2013 CA. All rights reserved.
Sign in Candidate registration