Manager, Information Technology Job in Hyderabad,
IT Career, All Jobs in CA Technologies
Candidate registration
Login Forgot password
Forgot password
Sign in Candidate registration
OR
Search our 587 Open jobs today
What:
Where:
Let us find a job for you
One-Click-Join our Talent Community and let us find a great job for you. You'll get inside info on the latest jobs and we'll be able to find you when we're hiring.
Manager, Information Technology job
in Hyderabad
CA Technologies provides IT management solutions that help customers manage and secure complex IT environments to support agile business services. It’s our aim to encourage global collaboration and innovation while supporting and developing our talented workforce. CA Technologies empowers its employees to drive success for both the business and themselves.
Requisition ID:
45702
Job Function:
IT
Country:
India
City:
Hyderabad
City:
Hyderabad B1Nanakramguda
Post Date:
05/03/2014
Job OverviewThis position is responsible for managing an IT team in support of achieving the company's overall IT strategy and objectives. Plan, organize, and manage the assignments and operations of the team while continuing to develop leadership skills. Emphasis on internal team and internal customers, ensure assignment and operations are aligned with the desired outcomes and establish business relationships to stay informed on the changing business needs. Monitor staff, instill excellence in employee development and performance.Responsibilities
Manage an IT team. Develop leadership skills. Subject matter expert. Manage only individual contributors. Understand organizational challenges and global trends; develop an understanding of the long-term view of the possibilities to shape the future for CA's transformational opportunities. Motivate, inspire, and lead team to achieve goals, build capacity to develop and innovate, and creatively manage challenges and changes. Promote teamwork and collaboration. Actively help implement a global IT strategy, ensure alignment with the company's overall strategy. Receive direction. Establish relationships with the business. Focused mainly on team and internal customers related to function. Growing leadership skills. Assist management with ensuring team stays informed on the latest technology, research best practices within and outside the organization, establish benchmarks, and use continuous process improvement and process framework disciplines to achieve results. Ensure team activities are aligned with the financial, strategic, and operating objectives Learn to adapt goals based on changes in CA strategy. Ensure team activities are in alignment with the desired outcomes. Establish effective resource planning and utilization within the team Ensure the acquisition, retention and continuing development of key talent. Plan, organize, and manage assignments and operations by prioritizing and directing the activities of the team. Monitor staff performance, instill excellence in employee development and performance to attain the highest level of productivity for long-range success. Participate in the effective evaluation and selection of hardware and software technology, ensure selected products and services provide value and satisfy related requisites Develop and manage IT operating expense and capital budgets and manage expenditures. Operate with a 'hands on' approach by performing specific job duties of the team when required
Requirements Demonstrated management skills. Develop leadership skills to mobilize and empower teams to achieve. Understand strategic planning capabilities and knowledge of operational strategy and planning Understand CA's and IT's global strategies, goals and objectives. Align the team's activities to the goals. Good communication skills and effective relationship building skills. Demonstrated interpersonal skills such as teamwork, facilitation and negotiation. Starting to demonstrate the ability to drive and implement change initiatives within a global organization. Actively practice and master concepts and best practices of organizational change management. Ability to coach, develop and motivate teams. Lead by example. Ability to lead multi-disciplinary, multi-cultural teams. Exercise judgment and decision-making skills based on analysis and assessments of facts. Provide guidance to others. Ability to understand the long-term ('big picture') and short term perspective situations. Provide guidance to others. Influencing and negotiating skills. Interpret department strategies and services, resolve conflicts, and influence outcomes on significant matters for the division with guidance. Demonstrated expertise in at least one IT discipline and an understanding of software and hardware technology. Keep up-to-date on technological developments. Excellent analytical skills and ability to quickly comprehend the functions and capabilities of new technologies Strong planning, organizational and time management skills to successfully accomplish all aspects of the role Display intellectual integrity. Excellent ability to prioritize, assign, monitor, and control the activities of the team. Good understanding of financial budgets, forecasts and variance analysis.
Preferred Education Bachelor's degree or global equivalent in a related field. Master's degree or global equivalent is preferred.Work Experience Typically 7 or more years of IT experience.
FOOTER - If you want to fulfill your potential, be acknowledged for your achievements, and be given autonomy to make decisions for your business and customers; if you want to work with a company that respects you as an individual - recognizing both your needs at work and your responsibilities outside of it - then CA Technologies is where you belong. At CA Technologies your passion and expertise can directly impact the business and you'll help offer our customers practical approaches to delivering new, innovative services and value through IT. Learn more about CA Technologies and this opportunity now at http://ca.com/careers
Note to Recruiters and Placement Agencies
:
CA Technologies does not accept unsolicited agency resumes. Please do not forward unsolicited agency resumes to our website or to any CA Technologies employee. CA Technologies will not pay fees to any third party agency or firm and will not be responsible for any agency fees associated with unsolicited resumes. Unsolicited resumes received will be considered property of CA Technologies and will be processed accordingly. EOE/AA
Not ready to apply?
Featured jobs
|
Southfield, Michigan
|
Hyderabad
|
Bangalore
|
Houston, Texas
|
Cornella
Jobs by category
(232) (90) (63) (18) (14) (13) (12) (8) (5) (5) (2) (1)
Browse by location
Browse by locations Browse by sectors
(358) (116) (30) (22) (11)
Copyright ©2013 CA. All rights reserved.
Sign in Candidate registration