Job Manager - German Operations - BPO Premium Hyderabad / Secunderabad HR S-4, 2nd Floor, Destination Center
Magarpatta City
Hadapasr
PUNE,Maharashtra,India - Ritz Consultant Jobs (458855)
|
Candidates:
|
|
Employer:
|
Manager - German Operations - BPO
Premium
|
Summary
Experience:
8 to
13
yrs.
Posted on: 26 Feb
Location
Hyderabad / Secunderabad
Education
UG - Any Graduate
PG - Any Postgraduate
Doctorate - Doctorate Not Required
Industry Type:
BPO
/
Call Centre
/
ITES
Salary:
Not Disclosed by Recruiter
Functional Area:
Farea:
ITES,
BPO,
KPO,
LPO,
Posted Date:
26-Feb-2014
Desired Candidate Profile
Experience & Qualifications : - Exceptional operational, managerial, analytical and interpersonal skills. - Requires around 8-18 years of operations experience. This experience should preferably contain two (or more) years of People Management as as a Manager. - Strong candidates may come from a background in operations in BPOs companies (operational excellence expertise in the form black belts/ green belts or equivalent work exp. would be desirable). - The domain of experience should preferably contain Fraud investigations / Credit Approval/ Claim processes, and/ or Financial Risk Management Operations or any BPO experience that would be a value add to this experience. - A Bachelor degree is required to apply for this position. Additionally degrees and qualifications that are desirable are MBA and Six Sigma skills. - Proficiency in German language is a must and must be working in a BPO handling German Operations. - Advanced working knowledge of MS Office (esp. MS Excel) suite of products skills and optional knowledge of SQL, SAS, or PERL skills. Flexible to work in shifts.
Job Description
Manager German Operations for an MNC BPO in Hyderabad.
- In charge of managing one and/or more teams of Investigation specialists who investigate buyer, and/ or seller transactions on platforms and take appropriate actions based on processes, tools and high-judgement decisions.
- Provide leadership and administrative support to their team(s) and manage them to achieve and constantly improve service levels based on forecast and capacity, minimise the impact of bad debt by meeting achieving targets, achieve process improvement, ensure road mapped project execution (and identify new ones), and focus on the people development of their team.
- The responsibilities in this position may span over multiple processes and functions and locations. In addition to being responsible for achieving and exceeding teams defined metrics through sustainable change or process improvement. She / he will be expected to participate in strategic planning, project road mapping activities of the team.
- Identify trends in team performance and recommends/ implements change to constantly raise the Performance levels in the team.
- Expected to participate in projects that involve one (or more) teams within the Organization and that address issues outside the normal areas of responsibility or expertise required by their process.
- The Key to success in this role is the ability to understand the Transaction Management groups vision and make independent decisions with sound judgment to manage their teams to attain that vision.
The incumbent is required to demonstrate performance in the following areas:
- Metrics, by consistently leading their team to meet and exceed service levels and targets in reducing bad debt for their Company and maintain the performance and metrics of all team members, and hence the team at expected levels.
- Process Improvement, by delivering significant Business impacts and/ or contributions to their company through improvement to quality, productivity, or customer experience. Work with peer technical teams to articulate and prioritize feature needs for investigation tool sets.
- People Development, by developing the Performance levels, career and skills of their Investigator teams through continuous closure of performance feedback loops. Possess ability to recruit excellent team members into their team.
- Project Participation, by effectively participating in projects that involve multiple teams within that are above and beyond the normal area of responsibility or expertise. Consistently demonstrate timely delivery of projects on roadmap to support the team and department vision.
- Business Exposure, by using their exposure to teams technical or business areas, their understanding of marketplace, trends and fraud issues impacting the retail industry, to share ideas with Management that positively influence the vision for the Transaction Risk management group.
- Judgment and Discretion: The incumbent has direct responsibility over multiple functions and processes in the Transaction Risk Management Group. She/he consistently exercises discretion in tactical and strategic decision making/problem solving and routinely reports to management chain as required. She/he takes decisions that are reasoned documented, and involve partnering with other internal stakeholder/ teams as appropriate and required when making decisions that have wider impact.
- Implement best-in-class processes and practices for maintaining and exceeding productivity and quality service level agreements.
- Actively manage investigator 24/7 capacity and the triggers for creating investigations to balance global investigation supply and demand.
- Provide focused feedback loops for investigators and managers based on crisp performance and quality data. Reward strong performers and manage up or out weak ones.
- Keep abreast of trends and fraud issues impacting the retail industry. Ensure that is leading the curve in identifying and preventing new fraud attacks.
- Analyze the key levers of the business to identify trends and proactively take action to improve efficiency and reduce time to new fraud Modus Operandi.
- Work with software teams to articulate and prioritize feature needs for investigation tool sets.
- Recruit top-quality investigators. Develop employees and their skill sets to expand the team capabilities and provide growth opportunities for future leaders.
Keywords: German OperationsBPO Call Center. voice Bpo Non Voice
Company Profile
Client of Search Light
Contact Details
Company Name:
Premium
Web site:
Executive Name:
HR
Address:
S-4, 2nd Floor, Destination Center
Magarpatta City
Hadapasr
PUNE,Maharashtra,India
Telephone:
9886025895
View more Jobs in:
Ths job posted here is submitted either by the clients of Ritz Consultant or individual/consultant/freelancers. Ritz Consultant takes no responsiblity of authenticity of Jobs Posted here as we offer free job postings. Users are advised to research bonafides of advertisers independently. Ritz Consultant will not have any responsibility in this regard. We recommend that you visit Terms & Conditions and the Security Advice for more comprehensive information.
Please note: This is not advertisers contact form. This is complain form. Your message will be sent to administrators to let them review this ad.
Your full name *
Your email address *
Your message *
* - Fields with * are required
Jobs From Most Popular Cities
Jobs By Functions
Jobs By Industry
Jobs By Keywords
All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners.