Franklin Templeton International Services (India) Pvt Ltd - Senior Manager - Front Office Advisory Group ,
Hyderabad / Secunderabad
Check your inbox to know about employers who showed interest in your profileSee the names of companies who view your resume, Consider your resume and Contacted with you.Seeker Services Learning Center Put Your Career in Gear with Monster Career ServicesWe have got:
to help you showcase your most marketable skills with a strategically written resume.
to let you determine your personality, career & areas of improvement. , a skill testing and certification programme to help you earn a professional certificate that add value to your skills.Career Advice Research Stand out from the job searching crowd with a unique combination of skills, experience, attributes and career advice from Monster. Monster helps you formulate better career decisions by offering numerous career tips for a successful job interview, resume creation, salary and much more.In addition, we have recently introduced interesting and informative sections like
and
to help you stay in step with job trends and accelerate your self-learning.
You are being redirected to CIIspecialablityjobs.in which is for disability recruitment.
Click ok to continue if relevant or cancel to continue searching jobs on Monster
Job Summary
Company Name
Franklin Templeton International Services (India) Pvt Ltd
Locations
Hyderabad / Secunderabad
Experience
10 - 20 years
Keywords / Skills
"capital market", "middle office", "global markets", "Front Office Advisory Group"
Function
Banking, Insurance & Financial Services
Role
• M & A Advisor • Other BFSI - Senior Manager - Front Office Advisory Group
Industry
Banking/ Financial Services
Posted On
2nd May 2014
Share this job
Rate this job
Senior Manager - Front Office Advisory Group
Franklin Templeton International Services (India) Pvt Ltd
Share this job
Apply
Job Description
Senior Manager -
Front Office Advisory Group Job Summary -
The FOAG Manager position requires good knowledge of the Wealth Management and
Trust industry with very good interpersonal skills and experience working with
senior investment, trust and other client facing professionals. In addition,
knowledge of financial markets, investment Compliance and Prudent Man Rules is
a plus. Incumbent should have more than 8 years of experience in Investment,
Trust, Compliance and financial securities domain. -
FOAG Manager will be responsible for creating, developing and leading a team of
experienced analysts/professionals. He/She will be responsible for development
and implementation of strategy to create a more efficiency and more effective
practice in the Front Office and assume labor-intensive tasks from senior front
offices professionals. Along with that, he/she has to ensure timely and
accurate team output and ongoing accounts compliance with respective investment
guidelines, regulatory requirements and Fiduciarys internal controls. He/She
will also be responsible to oversee and administrate various client
certifications and investment restrictions (e.g. FINRA 5031 IPO, Affiliated
Funds, directed holdings etc.). -
FOAG Manager will also be responsible for managing daily activities and
interaction of his/her team with the front and back office teams. The FOAG
Manager will oversee routine reviews and document submissions to ensure the
integrity of electronic archives, analyst assignments, as well as various forms
of information retention. Additionally, the position will involve oversight of
different forms of data maintenance specific to account status tracking,
correspondence filing as well as involvement in the administration of the
departments virtual communication and information repository. The position
requires the results of these tasks to be well communicated with the front
office teams. - Additional
responsibilities include the training, development and support of
direct reports to ensure processes and controls are understood, documented,
robust, and adhered to accordingly. Actively participate in and lead efforts to
expand or strengthen the departments capabilities in a continuous effort to maintain
consistent repeatable processes in an effort to mitigate risk for clients and
the firm. -
FOAG Manager may be required at times to work longer hours and on special
projects and assignments as needs dictate. -
Overseeing the local team, their work and interaction with the front office and
acting as a strategist and quality controller, ensuring clear vision for the
department as well as timeless, accuracy and integrity of all work in the
department. -
Align activities with strategic priorities -
Responsible for department strategy, planning, talent acquisition and retention -
Coordinate resources allocation to meet all deadlines -
Audits of various sources of information retention -
Data maintenance & administration of the departments virtual communication
and repository -
Ensure quality control and accuracy of final output -
Measure results by establishing, tracking and monitoring key department
performance measurements. Use metrics to identify and implement productivity
and quality improvements -
Develop and maintain strong business relationships with all stakeholders and
supporting business structures -
Hire and coach direct reports on processes and procedures, training and
resource allocation. Mentor ongoing development of staff including objective setting,
performance reviews and other evaluations -
Communication with global sites and special projects teams. III. Requirements EDUCATION AND
EXPERIENCE -
Bachelors degree required with a major in Business, Finance, or Marketing /
Communications. -
Masters/Advanced Degree in Business, Finance, or Marketing / Communications
preferred -
Overall working experience of 8 to 10 years in Wealth Management and Trust
Industry; with relevant experience of 5 years -
Previous experience in dynamic data maintenance, storage and distribution
environment is preferred. -
Experience in building and managing a cross-functional team is preferred. -
Previous operations experience preferred -
People leading experience including supervisory of 5 to 8 years -
Prior experience in project management in a functional & regulatory
environment is desirable LICENSES AND
CERTIFICATIONS (desirable but not mandatory) SOX
compliance certification ADDITIONAL
DESIRABLE QUALIFICATIONS -
CIMA, CFA KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS,
AND ABILITIES -
Outstanding communication skills, capable of interacting professionally and
constructively at all levels and across multiple cultures. -
Strong verbal communication skills, especially ability to interact effectively
and professionally with senior-level management. -
Experience of working in Wealth Management and Trust business -
Experience of working with client facing investment professionals -
Experience with Excel and reporting and data software programs -
Experience in projects management is a plus PROBLEM SOLVING AND
DECISION MAKING -
Comfortable in making decisions and being accountable for own decisions, while
also consulting appropriately and escalating issues as necessary. -
Proficiency with statistical information, ability to understand data and how it
provides evidence that supports written statements. Excellent
research and analysis skills. PHYSICAL
REQUIREMENTS (Not
applicable for European jobs) SUPERVISORY
RESPONSIBILITY -
Will be supervising a growing team of professionals as the front office support
function is developed DESIRED LEADERSHIP
SKILLS -
Need to mentor & guide the team -
TRAVEL REQUIREMENTS Occasionally REVENUE/
NON-REVENUE GENERATING -
Non-Revenue -
In addition to the dynamic and professional environment at Franklin Templeton,
we strive to ensure that our employees have access to a competitive and
valuable set of Total Rewardsthe mix of both monetary and non-monetary rewards
provided to you in recognition for your time, talents, efforts, and results.
For a listing of total rewards in your region, visit our Locations page for
more details Desired Candidate
Profile Education: UG
- Any Graduate - Any Specialization, Graduation Not Required PG
- Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate
- Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required
Key Skill(s)
About Company Franklin Templeton Investments is a top global investment management organization committed to offering high quality products and providing outstanding service to our customers. We are one of the largest financial services groups in the world based at San Mateo, California USA. We as a group have US$ 647.0 billion in assets under management globally (as of November 30, 2007). <br><br>In India Franklin Templeton has offices in 33 locations and manages assets of Rs.32041.84 crores for over 24 lakh investors as of October 31, 2007.<br><br>We value our employees and are committed to making the most of their skills and potential through training & development programmes and opportunities.
Career Advice to Find Better
Q: How do I respond to the salary history question when I am currently grossly underpaid for the work that I do, an     Monster Contributing WriterSooner or later, many of you will take jobs that require you and your family to move. Yo
More
Apply Without Registration
For Jobs Seekers
Jobs By Functions
Jobs By Location
About Our Site
© 2012 Monster - All Rights Reserved - U.S. Patent No. 5,832,497 - NYSE:
Toll free : 1-800-4196666, +91-40-66116611 or