software jobs:Freshers Walk-in For Entry Level Core @ “CMMI level 5" in Hyderabad - Telangana Magazine
software jobs:Freshers Walk-in For Entry Level Core @ “CMMI level 5" in Hyderabad - Telangana Magazine
728x90 AdSpace
Latest News
Friday, 2 May 2014
>
>
software jobs:Freshers Walk-in For Entry Level Core @ “CMMI level 5" in Hyderabad
About Company
Name: CMMI level 5 Company
Job Details
Education: B.ComBBABMSBBM B.ScBCA
Experience: Freshers 2014
Job Location: Hyderabad
Walk-in On 6th May 2014 Between 9:00 AM to 12:30 PM @ Hyderabad
Job Description  Entry Level2014 batch of B.ComBBABMSBBM B.Sc. - IT / Computer Science /Information SystemManagement / Computer Technology / BCA degree students only.Call 9032127277 to know company details.Consistent academic record of a minimum of 50% (considering all subjects) in X, XII, UGNo standing arrears allowed at the time of the recruitment process.At the time of joining, all recruits need to have a minimum of 50%.aggregate or equivalent GPA (in all subjects & semesters/years) in X,XII and the pursuing degreewith no standing arrears.Strong written and oral communication skills.Open only to Indian nationals.Flexibility to be posted in any Work location.Selection ProcessPersonal Introduction RoundAptitude TestOperation & personal interviewDocuments Required: Two copies of resume, one passport size photograph.Note: There are no registration charges,Kindly refer this job to your friends.Contact DetailsContact Name: Aqhil Syed/Fatima Contact number: 04065144194, 9032127277Walk-in AddressKrishna Murthy Institute of Technology and Engineering,                             Survey. No. 23 & 39, Edulabad Village, Ghatkesar Mandal,                             Ranga Reddy Dist., Hyderabad. Pin Code: 501301                              Website: http://www.kite.edu.in                            Full Information: www.simplesolutionshrdservices.com/walkin1.php
Title : software jobs:Freshers Walk-in For Entry Level Core @ “CMMI level 5" in Hyderabad
Posted by :
TelanganaMagazine makes u happy
Date :
Labels :
Item Reviewed: software jobs:Freshers Walk-in For Entry Level Core @ “CMMI level 5" in Hyderabad
9 out of 10 based on 10 ratings. 9 user reviews.
Posted by
at
Share Article:
Blogger Comments
Facebook Comments
0
comments:
Post a Comment
Subscribe to:
Google+ Badge
twitter
Labels
Ads
Popular
Video
Category
Facebook
Popular Posts
AP Inter 1st Year Results 2014
Manabadi schools9 AP Inter 1st Year Exam Results 2014 Available at www.manabadi.com,www...
Not wearing seat belts while they are speeding from one place to another in their swanky SUVs has taken the lives of many politica...
San Jose:  Jurors have ordered Samsung to pay just a fraction of the big-money damages sought by Apple in a high-stakes Silicon Vall...
Makkah Masjid   is one of the oldest mosques in  Hyderabad, telangana ,  India , And it is one of the largest Mosques in India. Makk...
Sanjay Dutt was last seen as a host of  Bigg Boss 5 . The actor will make his come back on the small screen with a talk show produced b...
Video
video
Category
Cricket score
Exchange Rates
Vertical Slider
Follow by Email
Video
Hot
Blogroll
Contact Form
Name
Email
*
Message
*
Label
zz
Flickr Images
Copyright © 2014
•