Job Social
Media Specialist JVG CONSULTING Hyderabad / Secunderabad Mr.Gopichand
508, Palm Spring, Link Road, Above Croma Showroom,
Malad West
MUMBAI,Maharashtra,India - Ritz Consultant Jobs (458836)
|
Candidates:
|
|
Employer:
|
Social
Media Specialist
JVG CONSULTING
|
Summary
Experience:
3 to
6
yrs.  |  Opening(s): 2
Posted on: 25 Feb
Location
Hyderabad / Secunderabad
Education
UG - Any Graduate - Any Specialization, B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization, B.Com - Commerce, B.Sc - Any Specialization
PG - MBA/PGDM - Any Specialization
Doctorate - Doctorate Not Requi
Industry Type:
IT-Software
/
Software Services
Salary:
Best in the industry!!
Functional Area:
Farea:
Marketing,
Advertising,
MR,
PR,
Posted Date:
25-Feb-2014
Desired Candidate Profile
Skills and Personal Qualities: - Solid understanding of Facebook, Twitter, Pinterest, Tumblr, StumbleUpon, Reddit, forums, wikis and blogs - Curious to experiment with various media to drive traffic
- Willingness to adapt and learn new technologies - Continuous learner
Age: 20-30 years old Qualifications: Degree in Marketing, Advertising, Communications, business administrationor related field Experience: 3+ years in marketing, PR, advertising or related field
Job Description
The primary job of a social media specialist is to define and execute a specific social media strategy.
Key Accountabilities
-Cultivate new communities and manage communities on Facebook, Pinterest, Twitter and other social media platforms
- Create or find the right content daily to engage the communities
- Track metrics and monitor relevant conversations
Keywords: digital marketing internet marketing online marketing
Company Profile
JVG Consulting is a Hyderabad based Consulting Firm mainly focusing on Recruitments, Staffing Solutions, Training and other outsourced HR activities.
Our client is leading ecommerce company based at Hyderabad.
Contact Details
Company Name:
JVG CONSULTING
Web site:
Executive Name:
Mr.Gopichand
Address:
508, Palm Spring, Link Road, Above Croma Showroom,
Malad West
MUMBAI,Maharashtra,India
Telephone:
8826904969
View more Jobs in:
Ths job posted here is submitted either by the clients of Ritz Consultant or individual/consultant/freelancers. Ritz Consultant takes no responsiblity of authenticity of Jobs Posted here as we offer free job postings. Users are advised to research bonafides of advertisers independently. Ritz Consultant will not have any responsibility in this regard. We recommend that you visit Terms & Conditions and the Security Advice for more comprehensive information.
Please note: This is not advertisers contact form. This is complain form. Your message will be sent to administrators to let them review this ad.
Your full name *
Your email address *
Your message *
* - Fields with * are required
Jobs From Most Popular Cities
Jobs By Functions
Jobs By Industry
Jobs By Keywords
All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners.