Job Manager/avp - US Payroll Operations - BPO Premium Hyderabad / Secunderabad HR 508, Palm Spring, Link Road, Above Croma Showroom,
Malad West
MUMBAI,Maharashtra,India - Ritz Consultant Jobs (458833)
|
Candidates:
|
|
Employer:
|
Manager/avp - US Payroll Operations - BPO
Premium
|
Summary
Experience:
12 to
20
yrs.
Posted on: 25 Feb
Location
Hyderabad / Secunderabad
Education
UG - Any Graduate - Any Specialization
PG - CA, ICWA
Doctorate - Doctorate Not Required
Industry Type:
BPO
/
Call Centre
/
ITES
Salary:
Not Disclosed by Recruiter
Functional Area:
Farea:
ITES,
BPO,
KPO,
LPO,
Posted Date:
25-Feb-2014
Desired Candidate Profile
Basic Qualifications- Should have 12+ years of total work experience with 6+ years of relevant experience- Proficient in Microsoft Excel and Word- Flexible to work in US shifts (4:00PM
1:00AM)Preferred Qualifications- CA/ICWA preferred- Access experience a plus- Excellent verbal and written skills- Strong experience with customer service- Detail oriented- Strong problem solving and review skills- Prior experience in US payroll- Team Supervisor experience preferred- Previous payroll system experience with ADP payroll system desirable- PeopleSoft and Oracle knowledge desirable- Ability to cope with change and meet challenging deadlines under pressure- Be hands on and results oriented.
Job Description
Manager / AVP US Payroll Operations for an MNC BPO in Hyderabad.
Candidate will be responsible to lead the team to ensure payroll is processed on time, accurately and the payroll team is a leader in employee to employee customer service while continually improving the processes.
Responsibilities also include:
- Manage the centralized periodic (bi weekly and monthly) payroll preparation/processing for 40,000+ employees across multiple North America locations.
- Support related tax reporting, benefits-records administration and payroll system maintenance.
- Implementing and monitoring internal controls over input and output data of the Payroll systems.
- Coordinate cash funding process with vendors and Treasury.
- Implement Greenbelt and Kaizen processes
- Implement new systems or incorporate new locations as growth or acquisitions occur.
- Leading a team of 3+ payroll analysts
- Process payroll utilizing ADP or similar payroll software
- Audit payroll related data
- View and manage human resource data in Peoplesoft
- Process and input garnishments, child support, levies and liens
- Review and process timesheet input records for employees
- Process new hires, terminations, employee maintenance, setup 401K and other benefit deductions
- Process manual check calculations, work with the vendor to process stop payments/reversals, enter
- paycheck card entries and assist with check distribution and backup other payroll analysts as needed
- Produce timely responses to employee inquiries
- Record stock transactions, relocation transactions, third party sick pay and processing of year end transactions.
Keywords: Payroll OperationUS Payroll OperationBPO Tax reportingPayroll AnalystsPeoplesoft Customer Service ADP payroll
Company Profile
Reputed Client of Search Light
Contact Details
Company Name:
Premium
Web site:
Executive Name:
HR
Address:
508, Palm Spring, Link Road, Above Croma Showroom,
Malad West
MUMBAI,Maharashtra,India
Telephone:
020-65003972
View more Jobs in:
Ths job posted here is submitted either by the clients of Ritz Consultant or individual/consultant/freelancers. Ritz Consultant takes no responsiblity of authenticity of Jobs Posted here as we offer free job postings. Users are advised to research bonafides of advertisers independently. Ritz Consultant will not have any responsibility in this regard. We recommend that you visit Terms & Conditions and the Security Advice for more comprehensive information.
Please note: This is not advertisers contact form. This is complain form. Your message will be sent to administrators to let them review this ad.
Your full name *
Your email address *
Your message *
* - Fields with * are required
Jobs From Most Popular Cities
Jobs By Functions
Jobs By Industry
Jobs By Keywords
All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners.