Job AVP - Project Mgmt - Banking - Wealth Mgmt Premium Bengaluru/Bangalore, Hyderabad / Secunderabad HR 508, Palm Spring, Link Road, Above Croma Showroom,
Malad West
MUMBAI,Maharashtra,India - Ritz Consultant Jobs (458832)
|
Candidates:
|
|
Employer:
|
AVP - Project Mgmt - Banking - Wealth Mgmt
Premium
|
Summary
Experience:
8 to
13
yrs.
Posted on: 25 Feb
Location
Bengaluru/Bangalore, Hyderabad / Secunderabad
Education
UG - B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization
PG - MBA/PGDM - Any Specialization
Doctorate - Doctorate Not Required
Industry Type:
Banking
/
Financial Services
/
Salary:
Not Disclosed by Recruiter
Functional Area:
Farea:
Strategy,
Management Consulting,
Corporate Planning
Posted Date:
25-Feb-2014
Desired Candidate Profile
Academic Qualification :- BE / MBA from a premier Business School having 8 - 14 years of post MBA experience in leading Projects/ Consulting in Banking domain in an MNC handling large Global Banking Business Projects in Wealth Management Projects on a global scale across geographies. They are not looking for Technical Managers but more on the business side. Investment Banking PM experience not suitable.Experience :- Should be currently designated in the Senior Management like a AVP or so in the current role.- Must have handled Business Consulting Projects in Wealth Management projects on a global scale.- Proven project management skills and experience of managing several projects concurrently- Effective communication, inter-personal and negotiating skills- Excellent decision making and problem solving ability- Sound judgmental skills to identify and resolve problems- Experience of managing resources using appropriate communication, delegation and planning skills.- Ability to motivate and lead people, employing appropriate management staff
Job Description
Job Description :
- An AVP is directly responsible for the day to day management of large scale, high level, complex business strategy, Consulting & Management Projects.
- They are accountable for the delivery of the business and aspects of the project, ensuring the project is delivered on time and within budget, having realised the benefits to the business as outlined in the project Business Case.
Principal Accountabilities: Impact on the Business
- Validate project Terms of Reference, establish a project governance and produce a well defined project plan, identifying the key milestones and assigning responsibilities/resources.
- Define success measures/metrics.
- Identify problems and implements solutions, making decisions based on sound rational judgement.
- Capture project learning points.
Customers / Stakeholders
- Build strong relationships, adopting a joined up approach, to execute change at pace and with minimum conflict
- Analyse stakeholder goals and effectively manage their expectations, addressing any misalignment
- Maintain contact with customer, suppliers etc. to identify and communicate status, progress, risks a issues.
Keywords: Business Strategy Wealth Management Project Management ConsultingInvestment BankingBanking
Company Profile
Reputed Client of Search Light
Contact Details
Company Name:
Premium
Web site:
Executive Name:
HR
Address:
508, Palm Spring, Link Road, Above Croma Showroom,
Malad West
MUMBAI,Maharashtra,India
Telephone:
020-65003972
View more Jobs in:
|
Ths job posted here is submitted either by the clients of Ritz Consultant or individual/consultant/freelancers. Ritz Consultant takes no responsiblity of authenticity of Jobs Posted here as we offer free job postings. Users are advised to research bonafides of advertisers independently. Ritz Consultant will not have any responsibility in this regard. We recommend that you visit Terms & Conditions and the Security Advice for more comprehensive information.
Please note: This is not advertisers contact form. This is complain form. Your message will be sent to administrators to let them review this ad.
Your full name *
Your email address *
Your message *
* - Fields with * are required
Jobs From Most Popular Cities
Jobs By Functions
Jobs By Industry
Jobs By Keywords
All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners.