AR Caller at IKSHEALTH | SpanJobs.com
The Premier JobSite for the Asia Pacific Region and India. All Jobs in Asia Pacific and India Now!
AR Caller at IKSHEALTH
Posted by: IKSHEALTH
Posted date: 01-May
Job Description:Looking for candidates who can join us with in Two Months. Job location HYDERABAD. Key Responsibilities: To draw OCR (Open Claim Report) from the system. To prioritize the pending claims for calling from the aging basket. To schedule the calls as prioritized to US carries and patients by considering the time zone difference in IST and US time-zone applicable. To make a physical call by following the international norms and applicable rules for confidentiality and HIPAA compliance. To report the outcome of the call in the appropriate system and to advise the team in data-team in RCM for corrective action. Experience and Qualifications: Min.1yr 4yrs of Experience in AR Calling - US Healthcare process Provider end. Graduation or Under Graduates (Preferable with a formal training in RCM). Excellent spoken English skills and better accents without MTI. Awareness of US Healthcare Industry and RCM. Excellent Keyboarding, MS Word and MS Excel and excellent voice culture. Medical contact center is responsible for management of appointment, scheduling, working on claim denials, benefits for US based patients and Insurance companies. Fixed Shift timings, Fixed Offs. with Attractive salary + Night Shift Allowance + Incentives on Monthly Basis. Candidate with excellent communication skills required. Should have typing skill minimum speed of 30wpm/95%. Point Pick Up & Home Drop Facility Provided. If interested please send your updated resume to (v_busa.nareshikshealth.in). or for any clarifications contact on Name: Naresh.Busa Contact no (+91-9000589217). nullExperience Required: 1 to 4 null
Post Details
Job Title
AR Caller at IKSHEALTH
Classification
Job Type
Location
Hyderabad / Secunderabad
Country
Job Salary
null
Company and Contact Details
Company
IKSHEALTH
Company Website
Company Profile
nullnull
|  |
|
|
Copyright © 2006 - 2014 SpanJobs.com Free India Jobs - The Number 1 Free Job Portal in India. All Rights Reserved
SpanJobs.com - The Number 1 Portal for India Jobs - Best Jobs in India and India Careers. India Jobs | Jobs in India | India Careers