Commis - II Job In
- Marriott International - Cool Jobs, Food / Beverage / Wine, Hospitality, Hotel / Resort / Lodging, Restaurant / Food Service Career
Candidate registration Employer registration
Forgot password
Sign in Candidate registration
Sign in Candidate registration
Sign in Employer registration
|
text.subscribe:
Commis - II
Employer:
Job Ref:
140009EU
Industry:
Cool Jobs
Food / Beverage / Wine
Hospitality
Hotel / Resort / Lodging
Restaurant / Food Service
Job Type:
Full Time
Country:
United States
City:
Hyderabad
Post Date:
02/11/2014 02:36 PM
With more than 300 managed properties worldwide (including conference centers) our flagship brand, Marriott Hotels & Resorts celebrates the drive, focus, and resilience of our guests while focusing on exceptional service and genuine comfort. As part of the Marriott Hotels & Resorts team, you'll work to make the most of the travel experience of each and every guests. Find Your World™ at Marriott Hotels & Resorts.Job Summary Prepare ingredients for cooking, including portioning, chopping, and storing food. Wash and peel fresh fruits and vegetables. Weigh, measure, and mix ingredients. Prepare and cook food according to recipes, quality standards, presentation standards, and food preparation checklist. Prepare cold foods. Operate ovens, stoves, grills, microwaves, and fryers. Test foods to determine if they have been cooked sufficiently. Monitor food quality while preparing food. Set-up and break down work station. Serve food in proper portions onto proper receptacles. Wash and disinfect kitchen area, tables, tools, knives, and equipment. Check and ensure the correctness of the temperature of appliances and food.
Follow all company and safety and security policies and procedures; report maintenance needs, accidents, injuries, and unsafe work conditions to manager; complete safety training and certifications. Ensure uniform and personal appearance are clean and professional; maintain confidentiality of proprietary information; protect company assets. Speak with others using clear and professional language. Develop and maintain positive working relationships with others; support team to reach common goals; listen and respond appropriately to the concerns of other employees. Ensure adherence to quality expectations and standards. Stand, sit, or walk for an extended period of time or for an entire work shift. Reach overhead and below the knees, including bending, twisting, pulling, and stooping. Move, lift, carry, push, pull, and place objects weighing less than or equal to 25 pounds without assistance. Perform other reasonable job duties as requested by Supervisors. Marriott International is an equal opportunity employer committed to hiring a diverse workforce and sustaining an inclusive culture. Marriott International does not discriminate on the basis of disability, veteran status or any other basis protected under federal, state or local laws.
Action
Featured jobs
|
Boulder
|
Anchorage / Remote Locations
|
Boulder
|
Steamboat Springs
|
San Francisco
Featured employers
Industry Guides:
Employment:
Company Info:
Copyright © 1999 - 2014 JobMonkey, Inc. All rights reserved.