Job Manager QC Fact Personnel Pvt Ltd Hyderabad / Secunderabad Jyothi Reddy 503, Amrutha Estates Near Minerva Cafe Himayath
Nagar
HYDERABAD,Andhra Pradesh,India - Ritz Consultant Jobs (458779)
|
Candidates:
|
|
Employer:
|
Manager QC
Fact Personnel Pvt Ltd
|
Summary
Experience:
12 to
21
yrs.  |  Opening(s): 1
Posted on: 26 Feb
Location
Hyderabad / Secunderabad
Education
UG - Any Graduate
PG - Any Postgraduate
Doctorate - Any Doctorate - Any Specialization
Industry Type:
Chemicals
/
PetroChemical
/
Pl
Salary:
Best in the industry
Functional Area:
Farea:
Production,
Manufacturing,
Maintenance
Posted Date:
25-Feb-2014
Desired Candidate Profile
1. Qualification: B-Tec Mecanical.or Graduate / Post Graduate with good chemistry / Analytical back ground .2. Candidate should be from any Chemical / Pharma industry .3. Location : Hyderabad
Job Description
1. Should test the Card Board boxes ( CFB ) by measuring physical dimensions , and also the properties using the Equipment.
2. Should visit the convertors place and check the parameters and suggest then and there the corrections if any required.
3. Should check for the inprocess material and corrective actions to be suggested.
4. Should stabilise new operations and new testing methods as and when required.
5. Knowledge of Management systems like QMS, ISO 14001 etc
Keywords: InspectionQuality Control Quality Assurance QC
Company Profile
http://www.factjobs.com
Reputed Speciality Chemicals Manufacturing Industry
Contact Details
Company Name:
Fact Personnel Pvt Ltd
Web site:
Executive Name:
Jyothi Reddy
Address:
503, Amrutha Estates Near Minerva Cafe Himayath
Nagar
HYDERABAD,Andhra Pradesh,India
Telephone:
91-40-40300405
View more Jobs in:
Ths job posted here is submitted either by the clients of Ritz Consultant or individual/consultant/freelancers. Ritz Consultant takes no responsiblity of authenticity of Jobs Posted here as we offer free job postings. Users are advised to research bonafides of advertisers independently. Ritz Consultant will not have any responsibility in this regard. We recommend that you visit Terms & Conditions and the Security Advice for more comprehensive information.
Please note: This is not advertisers contact form. This is complain form. Your message will be sent to administrators to let them review this ad.
Your full name *
Your email address *
Your message *
* - Fields with * are required
Jobs From Most Popular Cities
Jobs By Functions
Jobs By Industry
Jobs By Keywords
All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners.