Food & Beverage Service Associate Job In
- Marriott International - Cool Jobs, Food / Beverage / Wine, Hospitality, Hotel / Resort / Lodging, Restaurant / Food Service Career
Candidate registration Employer registration
Forgot password
Sign in Candidate registration
Sign in Candidate registration
Sign in Employer registration
|
text.subscribe:
Food & Beverage Service Associate
Employer:
Job Ref:
140009EY
Industry:
Cool Jobs
Food / Beverage / Wine
Hospitality
Hotel / Resort / Lodging
Restaurant / Food Service
Job Type:
Full Time
Country:
United States
City:
Hyderabad
Post Date:
02/11/2014 02:30 PM
With more than 300 managed properties worldwide (including conference centers) our flagship brand, Marriott Hotels & Resorts celebrates the drive, focus, and resilience of our guests while focusing on exceptional service and genuine comfort. As part of the Marriott Hotels & Resorts team, you'll work to make the most of the travel experience of each and every guests. Find Your World™ at Marriott Hotels & Resorts.Job Summary Complete closing duties, including storing all reusable goods, breaking down goods, cleaning all equipment and areas, returning equipment to proper locations, locking refrigerators, restocking items, turning off lights, locking doors, and completing daily cleaning checklist. Set up, stock, and maintain work areas. Inspect the cleanliness and presentation of all china, glass, and silver prior to use. Maintain cleanliness of work areas throughout the day, practicing clean-as-you-go procedures.
Follow all company and safety and security policies and procedures; report accidents, injuries, and unsafe work conditions to manager; and complete safety training and certifications. Ensure uniform and personal appearance are clean and professional, maintain confidentiality of proprietary information, and protect company assets. Welcome and acknowledge all guests according to company standards. Speak with others using clear and professional language, and answer telephones using appropriate etiquette. Develop and maintain positive working relationships with others, support team to reach common goals, and listen and respond appropriately to the concerns of other employees. Ensure adherence to quality expectations and standards. Reach overhead and below the knees, including bending, twisting, pulling, and stooping. Move, lift, carry, push, pull, and place objects weighing less than or equal to 25 pounds without assistance. Stand, sit, or walk for an extended period of time or for an entire work shift. Perform other reasonable job duties as requested by Supervisors. Marriott International is an equal opportunity employer committed to hiring a diverse workforce and sustaining an inclusive culture. Marriott International does not discriminate on the basis of disability, veteran status or any other basis protected under federal, state or local laws.
Action
Featured jobs
|
Boulder
|
Anchorage / Remote Locations
|
Boulder
|
Steamboat Springs
|
San Francisco
Featured employers
Industry Guides:
Employment:
Company Info:
Copyright © 1999 - 2014 JobMonkey, Inc. All rights reserved.