freshers jobs:Freshers Walk-in For Dot Net Programmer @ “Option Matrix" in Hyderabad - Telangana Magazine
freshers jobs:Freshers Walk-in For Dot Net Programmer @ “Option Matrix" in Hyderabad - Telangana Magazine
728x90 AdSpace
Latest News
Thursday, 1 May 2014
>
>
freshers jobs:Freshers Walk-in For Dot Net Programmer @ “Option Matrix" in Hyderabad
About Company
Name: Option Matrix Info Tech
Website:
Job Details
Education: MCA / BCA / B.TECH or BSC / BCOM
Experience: Freshers (2013/2014 Batch)
Job Location: Hyderabad
Walk-in On 1st to 10th May 2014 at 09:00 AM @ Hyderabad
Job Description  Dot Net ProgrammerFresh MCA / BCA / B.TECH or BSC / BCOM graduates in any discipline can apply for this position.   No prior exposure or training in software programming is required (but is desirable / preferred) andcompany will train from basic level.   The current positions are for ASP.net 3.5 / 4.0 programming skills with RDBMS as MS SQL 2008 R2.   Comprehensive foundation training will be provided as per company skill matrix for the initial 1month and the candidate is then staffed on a live project along with an experienced .netprogrammer to learn skills by doing the work under guidance.   There is a starting salary of Rs. 8000 and this will increase based on candidate achievement.   The candidate is expected to build the full range of skills including HTML, JavaScript, CSS, AJAX,ASP.net, C#, OOP, MVC, LINQ, SQL and stored procedures.   Candidates are advised to walk into company premises as per schedule stated above and get fulldetails.   There is a vacancy for 2 open positions and the main advantage is the opportunity to get trainedby working under an experienced .net professional on a live client project (mainly US, UK andAustralian clients) with strict engineering standards.   Eligibility criteria also include good communication and personality skills.Walk-in Address215/A/A, MLA Colony,Road No. 12, Banjara Hills,Hyderabad 500034,Land Mark: Omega Hospital.
Title : freshers jobs:Freshers Walk-in For Dot Net Programmer @ “Option Matrix" in Hyderabad
Posted by :
TelanganaMagazine makes u happy
Date :
Labels :
,
Item Reviewed: freshers jobs:Freshers Walk-in For Dot Net Programmer @ “Option Matrix" in Hyderabad
9 out of 10 based on 10 ratings. 9 user reviews.
Posted by
at
Share Article:
Blogger Comments
Facebook Comments
0
comments:
Post a Comment
Subscribe to:
Google+ Badge
twitter
Labels
Ads
Popular
Video
Category
Facebook
Popular Posts
AP Inter 1st Year Results 2014
Manabadi schools9 AP Inter 1st Year Exam Results 2014 Available at www.manabadi.com,www...
Not wearing seat belts while they are speeding from one place to another in their swanky SUVs has taken the lives of many politica...
San Jose:  Jurors have ordered Samsung to pay just a fraction of the big-money damages sought by Apple in a high-stakes Silicon Vall...
Makkah Masjid   is one of the oldest mosques in  Hyderabad, telangana ,  India , And it is one of the largest Mosques in India. Makk...
Sanjay Dutt was last seen as a host of  Bigg Boss 5 . The actor will make his come back on the small screen with a talk show produced b...
Video
video
Category
Cricket score
Exchange Rates
Vertical Slider
Follow by Email
Video
Hot
Blogroll
Contact Form
Name
Email
*
Message
*
Label
zz
Flickr Images
Copyright © 2014
•