Talentnow Connect | Recruiting via Social Networks
Multi Recruit
Recruiters,
for FREE Account today!
Already have Account?Here
Data Scientist/ Lead Big Data Analyst
SJC000018319
SUC000000860
SNC000019359
Hyderabad - India
Position Type
Compensation
Full Time,
Permanent
3.00.000 - 8.00.000
Key Skills
Industry
Data Scientist, Lead Big Data Analyst, Lead Data Scientist, Lead Data, Hadoop, Big Data, Hive, Pig, Oozie, Machine Learning, Data Warehousing, ETL, Data Analyst, Business Analyst, Business Intelligence, Data Analysis
IT-Software / Software Services
lera technologies
Company Name, Profile, Work Culture: Lera Technologies,
Profile: leading global IT services and solutions company providing value propositions to our clients in the areas of banking and financial services to redefine and impact the core of their businesses. Since inception in 2003 we transformed into an integrated portfolio of services and solutions with extensive R&D and leveraged many banks in achieving their business objectives. Our extensive exposure to various core banking applications and processes and IT verticals has been our holistic approach in serving our clients with delight.
Website:
Point of Contact for CV’s / Email ID: Rakshitha -
- 7760432586.
Number of Vacancies: 2
Keywords: Data Scientist, Lead Big Data Analyst, Lead Data Scientist, Lead Data, Hadoop, Big Data, Hive, Pig, Oozie, Machine Learning, Data Warehousing, ETL, Data Analyst, Business Analyst, Business Intelligence, Data Analysis.
Job Title / Designation: Data Scientist/ Lead Big Data Analyst.
Job Description:
·         Data driven decisions and realize quantifiable strategic value
·         Designed and implemented data warehouse structure to enable loading and mining of huge volumes of transaction data
·         Created clustering and RFM based segmentation framework to enable accurate targeting
·         Worked with large dataset starting from extraction, cleaning and transformation to derive business insights
·         Devised a Logistic Regression model to identify and categorize boosters in the game which helped the client to improve the upcoming version and meet the gamers satisfaction
·         Mentor, coach and guide associates in the team
·         Create solutions that serve long-term business process needs for clients
·         Adapt solutions to changing business needs
·         Leverage problem solving skills to address ad hoc client analytic needs
·         Synthesize analytic results and business process outputs to create appropriate client communications
·         Work closely with a product engineering team to identify and answer important product questions
·         Answer product questions by using appropriate statistical techniques on available data
·         Communicate findings to product managers and engineers
·         Drive the collection of new data and the refinement of existing data sources
Specific Skill Set:
·         Experience with Hadoop, Big Data, Hive, Pig, Oozie Especially coding
·         Experience writing code in a data environment
·         Experience with Machine Learning
·         Experience in Data Warehousing
·         Have good knowledge/ experience with ETL
Minimum/Maximum/ Work Experience Required:  2 to 6 years
Annual CTC:  3.00 Lakhs to 8.00 Lakhs
Location(s) of Job: Hyderabad, A.P
Minimum Education Requirements: P.G
No of rounds of Interviews: 3
Work Timings: 9.30 AM to 6.30 PM
Travel &Allowance: --- N.A ----
Languages: English and Hindi
Relocation & Reimbursement: Depends up on case to case
Any other skill set:  If the person has experience from Banking/ Retail industry will be a big plus
About Multi Recruit
ABOUT US
Typically, recruitment can be a very tedious and expensive affair. If you use a recruitment consultant you are paying anywhere between 8.33% to 15% on the candidates salary depending on the role, and it is a long and tedious process to advertise on multiple job boards, logins to database, sift through all CV's and interview them. But not anymore, as MultiRecruit has the solution for this.
Multi Recruit provides you with prepaid fixed low cost recruitment solutions for any vacancy in any sector and in any location across India. With coverage of the best job boards, candidate databases, niche websites and social media sites, our recruitment channels give us access to almost every job-seeker, and our experienced team's knowledge will deliver only the best candidates to you. We offer you a low risk solution for all your recruitment needs; no matter how large or small your business and wherever you are based within India.
We have four unique recruitment options that offer you a comprehensive choice to provide the service suited to your needs. Whether you have a hands-on approach to recruitment or prefer to concentrate on core activities and let someone else do all the hard work, we have a solution that is both professional and affordable. We are so confident that we won't be beaten on service or price, that if you find the same service for less, we'll match it!
Think there people in your social circles who might be interested in this position?
If yes, share the job and help them apply, if interested.
Recruiter »
Shashank Vagale
Head of Operations
Bangalore
Great oppertunity for "Data Scientist/ Lead Big Data Analyst"
for Lera Technologies, Hyderabad.
|
Copyrights © 2014. Talentnow. All rights reserved.
Apply for Job
Name *
Email Id *
Phone *
Message *
Attach Resume
Max allowed file size is 1 MB. Allowed file types are Word, Rich Text Format, PDF,
Html, or Text.
Set Job Alert
*
*
*
*