Mentor Graphics
About Us
Mentor Graphics is a leader in electronic design automation software. We enable companies to develop better electronic products faster and more cost-effectively. Our innovative software products and solutions help engineers conquer design challenges in the increasingly complex worlds of board and chip design.
Follow Us:
Lead Engineer - 1834
Req ID:
1834
Work Location:
IN - Hyderabad
Posting Title:
Lead Engineer - 1834
Description
Company: Mentor Graphics
Job Title: Lead Engineer - 1834
Job Location: India - Hyderabad
Job Category: R&D/Hardware Engineering
Job Duties:
• QA and testing of Mentor’s Wiring Harness tools
• Planning and execution of test plans
• Working with marketing and engineering to define and implement wiring harness software
• Analysis of customer issues and liaising with cross-functional teams to resolve customer critical issues
Job Qualifications:
1. BE/BTech Electrical/Electronics/Mechanical/Production Engineer
2. 3-10 years’ experience in design and manufacturing of wiring harness systems in automotive or aerospace industry
3. Good design knowledge in Wiring Harness, Vehicle Electrical Systems, Harness Manufacturing
4. Experience in Wiring Harness Design tools
5. Experience in CHS and Capital Harness (CapH) is desirable
6. Knowledge of MCAD Tools is added advantage
Are you a returning user to our new Careers website?  If so, enter your login information and click                           'Add to My Jobs'.  If you have not applied for a position through this new Careers website click on 'Apply for this Position'.
Previous Applicants:
Email:
Password:
If you do not remember your password .
Why Mentor?
The fact that every employee at Mentor has their own story to tell is important in defining who we are. Ours is a culture completely devoted to respecting this diversity and dedicated to using our employees' unique talents to their full potential.
We're results-oriented. Because this is a fast-paced industry, we challenge our employees to set goals, accept responsibility and solve problems. And we reward people for taking on these challenges.
We're also human. MGC maintains a close-knit, roll-up-your-sleeves atmosphere, with programs that encourage our employees to keep learning, take care of themselves and their families, enjoy a bit of the good life, and be actively involved in the communities where we live and work.
Useful Links