Sr Sys Engineer - Covidien,Andhra Pradesh, Hyderabad - Jobs | Wisestep
Jobs
People
Tip :
To search all Keywords use AND (Sales AND Finance); To search any Keywords use OR (Sales OR Finance); For
exact match use " " ("Sales Manager")
Share with Friends
Share link:
Social
Groups
Email
Enter multiple email addresses. Separate by comma
Linkedin Groups
Share this Job on multiple LinkedIn Groups in a Single Click
Max of 100 Job shares a day. 1 job shared in 10 groups = 10 shares.
Each job can be shared in a group only once a day. Follow LinkedIn Rules. Please dont' spam.
Select from your LinkedIn Groups
Job Shares
left
You can also share on Wisestep partner LinkedIn Groups to reach more people.
Sharing Jobs in these groups will make you a member of these groups.
Post as a Discussion
Flag as a Job
Share with Individual Friends
There are no contacts to import in your account.
You can set upto 10 Job Alerts. It seems you have exceeded
the limit.
Modify your Job Alerts from Account Settings.
Please confirm your email alert.
Click the link in the email that we have sent you to start receiving the latest Job Alerts
Your Job alert has been created Succesfully!
Create another Job Alert.
Your Job alert has been Updated Succesfully!
Get Job Alerts for
Closing in 10 seconds
Please activate your Job Alert. We sent you an email on .
Click the link in the email to start receiving the latest Jobs.
Note: If you haven't received it in a few minutes, check your spam folder. If you use Gmail check your Social and Promotions tab.
By Email
Have friends looking for similar Jobs? Send them Job Alerts !
Looks like you've already Registered ! Just
to confirm your Job Alert.
By clicking 'Activate' you confirm that you agree
to the
and the
of WiseStep.
Sr Sys Engineer
Andhra Pradesh, Hyderabad
Posted on
:
Monday, 28 April, 2014
Job Type
:
Company
:
Location
:
Compensation
:
0 USD
Views
0
Referrals
Responsibilities
Are you Covidien?Covidien is a leading global healthcare products company that creates innovative medical solutions for better patient outcomes and delivers value through clinical leadership and excellence. We deliver outstanding results and innovative solutions in the Medical Device and Medical Supplies segments. Through progressive thinking and cutting-edge technologies, Covidien is well positioned to lead the way in todays rapidly changing healthcare industry. Whatever your specialty or ambitions, you can make a difference at Covidien
both in the lives of others and your career.At Covidien, we strive to fully understand our marketplace, customers, communities and employees, and we enter into relationships with a sense of honesty, fairness and trust.We are an affirmative action/equal opportunity employer.
Position SummarySenior Systems Engineer leads small to mid-size teams to deliver technical content, design control deliverables and product performance. He or She performs Requirements analyses, technical planning, system integration, verification and validation, cost and risk, and supportability and effectiveness analyses for total systems. The person will be responsible for overall system architecture and for negotiating tradeoffs between electrical, mechanical and software implementations. Systems Engineers are expected to work under minimal direction, typically leading multiple technical projects or disciplines.
Principal Accountabilities
Ensures the logical and systematic conversion of customer or product requirements into total systems solutions that acknowledge technical, schedule and cost constraints.
Ensures system hardware and software are compatible and capable of required performance metrics.
Performs development tasks including Risk Assessment, Requirements Management, Design Verification and Change Control.
Generates and manages interface control/design documents, product specifications, and system specifications.
Develops and maintains system engineering processes and procedures to the latest industry standards.
Conducts analyses at all levels of total systems product including concept design, fabrication, test, installation, operation, maintenance and disposal
Prepares reports, presentations and spreadsheets of an analytical and interpretative nature to be presented to peers, executives, surgeons, customers, and at society meetings.
Prepares research findings and supporting data for peer journal publication, oral presentation, or other dissemination and archiving.
Guides the successful completion of major programs and may function in a key functional leadership role.
Contributes inventions, new designs and techniques regarded as advances in the medical and technical/scientific community.
Assumes supervisory responsibility as needed.
Can interpret and effectively communicate technical findings to a broad audience.
Anticipates and identifies problems of a wide range including those requiring research and or analysis.
Collaborates with peers to manage the development of appropriate testing to verify product meets internal and external customer requirements.
Failure to achieve results or erroneous decisions or recommendations would typically result in failure to achieve major organizational objectives and result in a considerable expenditure of resources.
Exercises considerable latitude in determining technical objectives of assignment. Completed work is reviewed from a relatively long-term perspective, for desired results.
Solutions are imaginative, thorough, practical and consistent with organization objectives. Solutions may create or extend precedent.
Works on complex technical projects and provides highly innovative solutions that require the regular use of ingenuity and creativity.
Represents the organization in providing imaginative, thorough, practical solutions to difficult technical issues associated with specific projects that are consistent with the organization objectives.
Trains and mentor others in specialized area.
Adheres to safety policy and procedures.
Requirements
Education Required:
Bachelors degree required.
Education Preferred: M.S. or PhD Engineering preferred.Minimum Experience:
Bachelors + 5 to 7 years Overall Experience + Minimum 3 years of Relevant Experience
Masters + minimum of 3 years relevant experience
PhD + some relevant experience
Education in Engineering, Scientific or Technical discipline required.
Medical device experience strongly preferred.
Skills/Qualifications:
Broad exposure to HW/SW/Systems design and technical depth in one or more engineering disciplines (Electrical, Mechanical, Software, etc).
INCOSEcertification or formal Systems Engineering training/certification.
In-depth understanding of medical device industry.
In-depth understanding of clinical and regulatory pathways, IP and internal processes.
Experience in driving decomposition of Customer requirements to Product and Subsystem requirements
Experience in driving Product Risk analysis and FMEA
Experience in driving Systems Architecture
Experience in resolving system engineering issues such as device hardware/firmware or device/programmer system architecture design tradeoffs, tolerance/performance analysis, etc.
Must keep abreast of new science and technological developments and exploit them to continuously improve functional area capabilities.
Excellent problem solving skills
Excellent communication skills both oral and written. Effectively communicate and works cooperatively with others as part of a team.
In depth knowledge and application of investigative research and analysis.
Knowledge of Quality System Regulation (QSR), Current Good Manufacturing Practices (CGMP) requirements and regulatory compliance.
Familiar with the following standards:
US Good Manufacturing Practices
21CFR820
Quality Management
ISO 13485
Risk Management
ISO 14971
EU Medical Device requirements
Council Directive 93/42/EEC
Medical Electrical Equipment
EN 60601
Strong background in documenting requirements and providing traceability documentation for FDA Approval - DOORS, Requisite Pro, or other similar requirements management software.
Similar Jobs
Some
by
at _wskw_company_name_
at _wskw_company_name_
User Benefits
Recruitment Solutions
Company
Help
Legal
OR