Principal Software Engineer (ESTG) Job in Hyderabad,
Development Career, All Jobs in CA Technologies
Candidate registration
Login Forgot password
Forgot password
Sign in Candidate registration
OR
Search our 587 Open jobs today
What:
Where:
Let us find a job for you
One-Click-Join our Talent Community and let us find a great job for you. You'll get inside info on the latest jobs and we'll be able to find you when we're hiring.
Principal Software Engineer (ESTG) job
in Hyderabad
CA Technologies provides IT management solutions that help customers manage and secure complex IT environments to support agile business services. It’s our aim to encourage global collaboration and innovation while supporting and developing our talented workforce. CA Technologies empowers its employees to drive success for both the business and themselves.
Requisition ID:
44648
Job Function:
Development
Country:
India
City:
Hyderabad
City:
Hyderabad B1Nanakramguda
Post Date:
05/03/2014
Job Overview This position is responsible for working closely with management and architects to create highly complex and sophisticated software on design projects that span several groups. Provide high level research and analysis related to software design and development and solve complex problems. Key Responsibilities
Design and code, often for the most complex units/modules/products that meet functional and business requirements on schedule and within budget. Perform unit/module testing of software to find errors and confirm programs meet specifications. Fix bugs, add enhancements, and convert software to other platforms. Assist quality assurance team by providing assistance to testers and support personnel as needed to determine system problems. Collaborate with quality assurance in creation of their test plans and participate in reviews. Evaluate impact of software performance, and recommend changes to software design team. Perform strategic research and design for a major technical area. Design patentable technology and propose and review patent applications. Lead improvement of development processes and procedures. May perform Development project management responsibilities including:
Develop and maintain project plans. Design, plan, and coordinate the activities of project teams. Communicate project status to all interested parties and ensure team stays on track to satisfy business needs and client expectations. Ensure completeness and quality of all project deliverables. Manage change control process through the life of project. Identify and escalates issues and, when necessary, pull appropriate teams together to solve challenge/issue, etc. Recognize potential risks and implement course of action to address them appropriately.
Advise development groups on technical matters as required. Hold internal education classes to raise CA's technical knowledge base. Mentor, train and develop Software Engineers.
Typical Role Definition Sr Professional Staff. A seasoned, experienced professional with a full understanding of area of specialization. Resolves a wide range of issues in creative ways. Complete understanding and wide application of principles, theories, and concepts in the field. General knowledge of other related disciplines. Strong competence with the various tools, procedures, programming languages used to accomplish the job. Usually works with minimal supervision, conferring with a supervisor on unusual matters. May be assisted by (and at times direct) less senior level employees. Requires daily decision-making capabilities and actions that may not be reviewed by superiors. Assignments are broad in nature and need ingenuity and originality to solve. Contributes to moderately complex aspects of a project. May assist more junior staff members with aspects of their job. Works on problems of diverse scope where analysis of data requires evaluation of identifiable factors. May play a role in high-level projects that have an impact on the company's future direction. Job-Specific Authority and Scope
Should have ability to work without consulting manager. Independent decisions are made daily. Examples of typical decisions without manager consultation:
Design programs or solutions. Set workload priorities based on load and deliverable targets. Mentor, train and provide feedback to less Sr Software Engineers to improve knowledge/skill attainment and performance.
1-3 direct reports
Business Travel and Physical Demands Business travel of approximately 10 or less percent yearly is expected for this position. Physical demands:
Office environment. No special physical demands required.
Preferred Education Bachelor's Degree or global equivalent in Computer Science or related discipline. Master's degree or global equivalent preferred. Additional management or leadership training is beneficial. Work Experience Should have 7 or more years of experience (5 or more years with a Master's Degree) in software development, Level 2 Support or related field. Possess extensive experience with complex products and expert level knowledge in areas applicable to product discipline and/or project management experience in a lead role with the ability to mentor other developers. Skills & Competencies
Technical expert with in-depth programming and product knowledge and strong technical skills combined with project management and leadership ability. Strong technical leadership skills. Strong communications skills. Strong teamwork skills for cross-group cooperation. Strong technical knowledge across the industry. Strong self-motivational drive. Strong writing skills. Leadership skills and ability. Coaching and mentoring skills. Awareness of language and cultural issues related to localization of software. Good Experience in Dashboard Creation, Business Objects Good knowledge of database queries an performance tuning (SQL Server or Oracle or both) Good knowledge in Data Warehousing concepts and Data Warehouse models - STAR, SnowFlake, DataVault, 3rd Normal Formals Knowledge in Data Modeling tools like CA ERWin is added advantage. Analyzing reporting problems to develop quality designs for reports. Produce documentation of Reports and the development process as needed to support the system. Strong report layout and presentation skills. Produce documentation of reports and the development process as needed to support the system. Deep understanding of report server integration with web application. Work with client representatives on defining report requirements. Define and develop reporting solutions per study requirements. Define and develop standard productized reports. Experience handling and producing different file formats: CSV, XML, HTML and PDF among others. Experience in working with very high volumes of data.
If you want to fulfill your potential, be acknowledged for your achievements, and be given autonomy to make decisions for your business and customers; if you want to work with a company that respects you as an individual - recognizing both your needs at work and your responsibilities outside of it - then CA Technologies is where you belong. At CA Technologies your passion and expertise can directly impact the business and you'll help offer our customers practical approaches to delivering new, innovative services and value through IT. Learn more about CA Technologies and this opportunity now at http://ca.com/careers
Note to Recruiters and Placement Agencies
:
CA Technologies does not accept unsolicited agency resumes. Please do not forward unsolicited agency resumes to our website or to any CA Technologies employee. CA Technologies will not pay fees to any third party agency or firm and will not be responsible for any agency fees associated with unsolicited resumes. Unsolicited resumes received will be considered property of CA Technologies and will be processed accordingly. EOE/AA
Not ready to apply?
Featured jobs
|
Bangalore
|
Southfield, Michigan
|
Cornella
|
Houston, Texas
|
Hyderabad
Jobs by category
(232) (90) (63) (18) (14) (13) (12) (8) (5) (5) (2) (1)
Browse by location
Browse by locations Browse by sectors
(358) (116) (30) (22) (11)
Copyright ©2013 CA. All rights reserved.
Sign in Candidate registration