Sr Design Quality Eng - Covidien,Andhra Pradesh, Hyderabad - Jobs | Wisestep
Jobs
People
Tip :
To search all Keywords use AND (Sales AND Finance); To search any Keywords use OR (Sales OR Finance); For
exact match use " " ("Sales Manager")
Share with Friends
Share link:
Social
Groups
Email
Enter multiple email addresses. Separate by comma
Linkedin Groups
Share this Job on multiple LinkedIn Groups in a Single Click
Max of 100 Job shares a day. 1 job shared in 10 groups = 10 shares.
Each job can be shared in a group only once a day. Follow LinkedIn Rules. Please dont' spam.
Select from your LinkedIn Groups
Job Shares
left
You can also share on Wisestep partner LinkedIn Groups to reach more people.
Sharing Jobs in these groups will make you a member of these groups.
Post as a Discussion
Flag as a Job
Share with Individual Friends
There are no contacts to import in your account.
You can set upto 10 Job Alerts. It seems you have exceeded
the limit.
Modify your Job Alerts from Account Settings.
Please confirm your email alert.
Click the link in the email that we have sent you to start receiving the latest Job Alerts
Your Job alert has been created Succesfully!
Create another Job Alert.
Your Job alert has been Updated Succesfully!
Get Job Alerts for
Closing in 10 seconds
Please activate your Job Alert. We sent you an email on .
Click the link in the email to start receiving the latest Jobs.
Note: If you haven't received it in a few minutes, check your spam folder. If you use Gmail check your Social and Promotions tab.
By Email
Have friends looking for similar Jobs? Send them Job Alerts !
Looks like you've already Registered ! Just
to confirm your Job Alert.
By clicking 'Activate' you confirm that you agree
to the
and the
of WiseStep.
Sr Design Quality Eng
Andhra Pradesh, Hyderabad
Posted on
:
Monday, 28 April, 2014
Job Type
:
Company
:
Location
:
Compensation
:
0 USD
Views
0
Referrals
Responsibilities
Are you Covidien?Covidien is a leading global healthcare products company that creates innovative medical solutions for better patient outcomes and delivers value through clinical leadership and excellence. We deliver outstanding results and innovative solutions in the Medical Device and Medical Supplies segments. Through progressive thinking and cutting-edge technologies, Covidien is well positioned to lead the way in todays rapidly changing healthcare industry. Whatever your specialty or ambitions, you can make a difference at Covidien
both in the lives of others and your career.At Covidien, we strive to fully understand our marketplace, customers, communities and employees, and we enter into relationships with a sense of honesty, fairness and trust.We are an affirmative action/equal opportunity employer.
Position SummaryProvide quality software engineering support in design and development of medical device products, specifically ventilation products. Facilitate the application of software design controls in product development and sustaining changes. Provide support in the rapid resolution of product complaints and/or safety issues.
Principal Accountabilities
Review new and modified product designs for quality characteristics, including manufacturability, serviceability, testability, reliability, and product requirements.
Ensure that product development projects and changes to existing products are conducted in compliance with the FDA Quality System Regulations.
Ensure successful transfer of new products to production facility. Review production processes for quality of validation.
Assist in the creation of verification and validation test plans. Oversee testing and analysis for standards and product requirements compliance.
Provide guidance and direction for sample size and statistical analysis of verification and validation test results.
Provide training to project teams on procedures, verification, validation, statistical methods and design controls.
Create a risk management plan, perform product risk assessment, facilitate the failure mode effects analysis, and create a final risk management report
Review Design History Files and Technical Files for conformance to applicable requirements
Assist, when appropriate with internal and supplier audits.
Provide Quality support to facilitate the rapid resolution of product complaints and/or safety issues.
Requirements
Education:
BS in software engineering.Experience:
Minimum 3-4 years of quality engineering experience or equivalence and overall 8-10 years of experience.Skills/Competencies:
Experience with test methods and standards for the design, verification, and validation of medical device products with emphasis around software development/testing. Working knowledge of and auditing experience to the FDA Quality System Regulation, ISO 13485, and the Medical Device Directive. Skilled in test plan development and root cause failure analysis. Good verbal (including presentation) and written communication skills, especially technical report writing. Ability to effectively work on project teams.Preferred Skills/Qualifications:
Familiar with reliability analysis and test methods, including HALT and HASS. Strong familiarity with regulatory requirements (e.g. ISO 13485, 21 CFR Part 11, GAMP, 21 CFR 820, ISO 14971, ISO 62304). Experience in risk evaluation techniques, such as FMEA amp; fault tree analysis. Skilled in statistical methods, including ANOVA, statistical process control, sampling plans, gauge Ramp;R, and design of experiments. ASQ CQE, CRE, CSQE certification desirable, but not essential.Other Skills:
Some travel required.
Similar Jobs
Some
by
at _wskw_company_name_
at _wskw_company_name_
User Benefits
Recruitment Solutions
Company
Help
Legal
OR