Portfolio Analyst at Kelly Services India Pvt. Ltd. | SpanJobs.com
The Premier JobSite for the Asia Pacific Region and India. All Jobs in Asia Pacific and India Now!
Portfolio Analyst at Kelly Services India Pvt. Ltd.
Posted by: Kelly Services India Pvt. Ltd.
Posted date: 30-Apr
Job Description:Qualifications Typically qualifications would include an undergraduate or postgraduate degree in Science, Business Administration or a related field.
Experience The Portfolio Analyst must have few years of experience and command skills related to either project management, process reengineering, business consulting or financial analysis Overall financial services industry knowledge with specific functional expertise Basic knowledge of business case and PMO
Demonstrated ability to rapidly build relationships with key stakeholders Working across cultures
Leadership capabilities Navigating understanding Change Delivery strategy and operating model and planning own activities accordingly Aspiring being ambitious about providing the highest standards of delivery to all stakeholders Driving setting stretching goals for self and delivering them with courage an tenacity Mobilising authentically engaging with colleagues to deliver at pace Sustaining- making considered decisions that protect values, reputation and businessDesired Candidate ProfileQualifications Typically qualifications would include an undergraduate or postgraduate degree in Science, Business Administration or a related field.
Experience The Portfolio Analyst must have few years of experience and command skills related to either project management, process reengineering, business consulting or financial analysis Overall financial services industry knowledge with specific functional expertise Basic knowledge of business case and PMO
Demonstrated ability to rapidly build relationships with key stakeholders Working across cultures
Leadership capabilities Navigating understanding Change Delivery strategy and operating model and planning own activities accordingly Aspiring being ambitious about providing the highest standards of delivery to all stakeholders Driving setting stretching goals for self and delivering them with courage an tenacity Mobilising authentically engaging with colleagues to deliver at pace Sustaining- making considered decisions that protect values, reputation and businessExperience Required: 7 to 10 Education Required: UG - B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization
PG - MBA/PGDM - Any Specialization, Finance
Doctorate - Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required
Post Details
Job Title
Portfolio Analyst at Kelly Services India Pvt. Ltd.
Classification
Job Type
Location
Bengaluru/Bangalore, Hyderabad / Secunderabad
Country
Job Salary
null
Company and Contact Details
Company
Kelly Services India Pvt. Ltd.
Company Website
Company Profile
nullnull
|  |
|
|
Copyright © 2006 - 2014 SpanJobs.com Free India Jobs - The Number 1 Free Job Portal in India. All Rights Reserved
SpanJobs.com - The Number 1 Portal for India Jobs - Best Jobs in India and India Careers. India Jobs | Jobs in India | India Careers