Sr Software Engineer Job in Hyderabad,
Development Career, All Jobs in CA Technologies
Candidate registration
Login Forgot password
Forgot password
Sign in Candidate registration
OR
Search our 587 Open jobs today
What:
Where:
Let us find a job for you
One-Click-Join our Talent Community and let us find a great job for you. You'll get inside info on the latest jobs and we'll be able to find you when we're hiring.
Sr Software Engineer job
in Hyderabad
CA Technologies provides IT management solutions that help customers manage and secure complex IT environments to support agile business services. It’s our aim to encourage global collaboration and innovation while supporting and developing our talented workforce. CA Technologies empowers its employees to drive success for both the business and themselves.
Requisition ID:
42267
Job Function:
Development
Country:
India
City:
Hyderabad
City:
Hyderabad B1Nanakramguda
Post Date:
05/03/2014
We are currently looking for a qualified Sr Software Engineer to join the SLA Team at our Hyderabad office. As an Infrastructure Engineer you would be responsible for managing Network Security for geographically different datacenters.
You would be required to ensure availability, scalability, uptime & security requirements of SaaS Services and systems are clearly understood and addressed. Responsibilities: Key Responsibilities
Collaborate with Product Owner(s) and Architect(s) to clearly understand functional and non-functional requirements Perform high level research to assist Architect(s) in creating product architecture and deciding technologies to be used Perform research and analysis to create designs, that meet all functional and non-functional requirements, for complex modules Implement designs for complex modules producing high quality and efficient code Collaborate with quality assurance and technical publication teams to engineer well documented quality product. Collaborate with sustenance engineering, support and functional teams to ensure customer are successful with the products
Requirement:
Solid understanding Operating system concepts, Data Structures and Design Patterns Strong experience with Core Java, J2EE, Spring, Hibernate and JPA Strong experience with databases (i.e. Oracle, MSSQL, DB2). Rich experience with REST and XML Web Services Rich experience with HTML, CSS, Javascript, and GWT Experience with OSGi, SCA and SDO desired
If you want to fulfill your potential, be acknowledged for your achievements, and be given autonomy to make decisions for your business and customers; if you want to work with a company that respects you as an individual - recognizing both your needs at work and your responsibilities outside of it - then CA Technologies is where you belong.
At CA Technologies your passion and expertise can directly impact the business and you'll help offer our customers practical approaches to delivering new, innovative services and value through IT.
Learn more about CA Technologies and this opportunity now at http://ca.com/careers Note to Recruiters and Placement Agencies:
CA Technologies does not accept unsolicited agency resumes. Please do not forward unsolicited agency resumes to our website or to any CA Technologies employee. CA Technologies will not pay fees to any third party agency or firm and will not be responsible for any agency fees associated with unsolicited resumes. Unsolicited resumes received will be considered property of CA Technologies and will be processed accordingly.
Not ready to apply?
Featured jobs
|
Houston, Texas
|
Cornella
|
Southfield, Michigan
|
Bangalore
|
Hyderabad
Jobs by category
(232) (90) (63) (18) (14) (13) (12) (8) (5) (5) (2) (1)
Browse by location
Browse by locations Browse by sectors
(358) (116) (30) (22) (11)
Copyright ©2013 CA. All rights reserved.
Sign in Candidate registration