Sr Software Engineer Job in Hyderabad,
Services Career, All Jobs in CA Technologies
Candidate registration
Login Forgot password
Forgot password
Sign in Candidate registration
OR
Search our 587 Open jobs today
What:
Where:
Let us find a job for you
One-Click-Join our Talent Community and let us find a great job for you. You'll get inside info on the latest jobs and we'll be able to find you when we're hiring.
Sr Software Engineer job
in Hyderabad
CA Technologies provides IT management solutions that help customers manage and secure complex IT environments to support agile business services. It’s our aim to encourage global collaboration and innovation while supporting and developing our talented workforce. CA Technologies empowers its employees to drive success for both the business and themselves.
Requisition ID:
42923
Job Function:
Services
Country:
India
City:
Hyderabad
City:
Hyderabad B1Nanakramguda
Post Date:
05/03/2014
Key Responsibilities Design and code complex units/modules/products that meet functional and business requirements on schedule and within budget. Perform unit/module testing of software to find errors and confirm programs meet specifications. Fix bugs, add enhancements, and convert software to other platforms. Assist quality assurance team by providing assistance to testers and support personnel as needed to determine system problems. Collaborate with quality assurance in creation of their test plans and participate in reviews. Evaluate impact of software performance, and recommend changes to software design team. Write and maintain documentation to describe program development, logic, coding, testing, changes, and corrections. Provide product content to technical writers. Assist in strategic research and design as directed Set up software configuration control and software development environments including program source control to ensure reliable backups and source code integrity. Provide input to establish and improve departmental processes and procedures. Develop plans outlining steps and time tables for developing programs and communicate plans and status to management and other development team members. May have indirect reports and manage a small project team. Escalate issues to management as appropriate. Participate in design and code reviews with other developers. Mentor, train, develop and serve as knowledge resource for less experienced Software Engineers.
Typical Role Definition Professional Staff. A senior level professional role. Evaluation, originality or ingenuity required. Knows and applies the fundamental concepts, practices, and procedures of a particular field. Has mastered the key responsibilities. Assignments can be broad in nature. May serve as a resource to others to resolve complex problems and issues. Instructions generally provided in general terms. May take on project lead role as required.Job-Specific Authority and Scope
Generally works without consulting their manager. Independent decisions are made daily. Examples of typical decisions without manager consultation:
Design programs or solutions. Set workload priorities based on load and deliverable targets. Decide best course for code development.
Typically has no direct reports. Typically has no total staff. Typically has a global geographic focus. Typically does not manage a budget.
Business Travel and Physical Demands Business travel of approximately 10 or less percent yearly is expected for this position. Physical demands:
Office environment. No special physical demands required.
Preferred EducationBachelor's Degree or global equivalent in Computer Science or related discipline. Master's degree or global equivalent a plus.Work ExperienceTypically 5 or more years of experience (3 to 5 years with a Master's Degree) in software development, Level 2 Support or a related field.Skills & Competencies Advanced design/debugging/coding skills. Complex problem solving skills. Communication skills. Organizational skills. Analytical skills. Technical Skills. Quality Management. Teamwork. Leadership skills and ability. Coaching and mentoring skills. Awareness of language and cultural issues related to localization of software.
If you want to fulfill your potential, be acknowledged for your achievements, and be given autonomy to make decisions for your business and customers; if you want to work with a company that respects you as an individual - recognizing both your needs at work and your responsibilities outside of it - then CA Technologies is where you belong.
At CA Technologies your passion and expertise can directly impact the business and you'll help offer our customers practical approaches to delivering new, innovative services and value through IT.
Learn more about CA Technologies and this opportunity now at http://ca.com/careers Note to Recruiters and Placement Agencies:
CA Technologies does not accept unsolicited agency resumes. Please do not forward unsolicited agency resumes to our website or to any CA Technologies employee. CA Technologies will not pay fees to any third party agency or firm and will not be responsible for any agency fees associated with unsolicited resumes. Unsolicited resumes received will be considered property of CA Technologies and will be processed accordingly.
Not ready to apply?
Featured jobs
|
Houston, Texas
|
Cornella
|
Southfield, Michigan
|
Bangalore
|
Hyderabad
Jobs by category
(232) (90) (63) (18) (14) (13) (12) (8) (5) (5) (2) (1)
Browse by location
Browse by locations Browse by sectors
(358) (116) (30) (22) (11)
Copyright ©2013 CA. All rights reserved.
Sign in Candidate registration