Sr Software Engineer Job in Hyderabad,
Services Career, All Jobs in CA Technologies
Candidate registration
Login Forgot password
Forgot password
Sign in Candidate registration
OR
Search our 587 Open jobs today
What:
Where:
Let us find a job for you
One-Click-Join our Talent Community and let us find a great job for you. You'll get inside info on the latest jobs and we'll be able to find you when we're hiring.
Sr Software Engineer job
in Hyderabad
CA Technologies provides IT management solutions that help customers manage and secure complex IT environments to support agile business services. It’s our aim to encourage global collaboration and innovation while supporting and developing our talented workforce. CA Technologies empowers its employees to drive success for both the business and themselves.
Requisition ID:
42921
Job Function:
Services
Country:
India
City:
Hyderabad
City:
Hyderabad B1Nanakramguda
Post Date:
05/03/2014
This position is responsible for the expert technical knowledge on Clarity PPM Product and ability to effectively implement products of the chosen solution expertise both single Business Unit multi-product solutions and cross Business Unit multi-product integrations within the client environment.Key Responsibilities Utilize Services Best Practices to accurately and efficiently implement products of chosen expertise as a single Business Unit multi-product solution within the client environment. Meet or exceed customer expectations by delivering a solution that addresses the client's business requirements within the "Scope of Work" agreed to by CA Technologies and the Customer. Effectively troubleshoot technical implementation issues for solutions of chosen expertise. Actively engage as part of the project team with the purpose of contributing product and solution expertise, and to provide project planning support as required to deliver a successful client engagement, following the Project Manager (when applicable) directive. Ability to interact with Support in order to open and track product issues when necessary. Meet target billable utilization as defined by this role. Adhere to Time and Expense Policy. Serve as a mentor to Associate Services Consultants and Services Consultants who are actively engaged as part of the project team on assigned client engagements. Help build the knowledge base in the Practice communities in which you choose to participate in - including lessons learned, best practices, tools, and methods and learning events using SharePoint as the enabling technology. Adhere to all company policies, including but not limited to Code of Conduct/Ethics, Security and any required training available.
Skills Required:
Technical experience on Clarity PPM tool. Should have rich experience on XOG, Gel, and Portlets. Should have worked on integration and implementation projects.
If you want to fulfill your potential, be acknowledged for your achievements, and be given autonomy to make decisions for your business and customers; if you want to work with a company that respects you as an individual - recognizing both your needs at work and your responsibilities outside of it - then CA Technologies is where you belong.
At CA Technologies your passion and expertise can directly impact the business and you'll help offer our customers practical approaches to delivering new, innovative services and value through IT.
Learn more about CA Technologies and this opportunity now at http://ca.com/careers Note to Recruiters and Placement Agencies:
CA Technologies does not accept unsolicited agency resumes. Please do not forward unsolicited agency resumes to our website or to any CA Technologies employee. CA Technologies will not pay fees to any third party agency or firm and will not be responsible for any agency fees associated with unsolicited resumes. Unsolicited resumes received will be considered property of CA Technologies and will be processed accordingly.
Not ready to apply?
Featured jobs
|
Bangalore
|
Houston, Texas
|
Southfield, Michigan
|
Cornella
|
Hyderabad
Jobs by category
(232) (90) (63) (18) (14) (13) (12) (8) (5) (5) (2) (1)
Browse by location
Browse by locations Browse by sectors
(358) (116) (30) (22) (11)
Copyright ©2013 CA. All rights reserved.
Sign in Candidate registration