Job - Open Source SOA Middleware Developers / Lead jobs at Bangalore - Bengaluru/Bangalore, Gurgaon, Hyderabad / Secunderabad - Brainsearch Consulting Pvt Ltd - 5-to-8 years of experience - Jobs India
to view recommended jobs for you
Update Profile
Jobs and Applications
Attached Resume
Create/Manage Profiles
Account Settings
Others
Resume Writing
Profile Enhancement
Recruiter Reach
Jobs4U
Other
Management & Business
Information Technology
Animation, Multimedia
GPRS Services
Javascript is disabled in your browser due to this certain functionalities will not work. , to know how to enable it.
Open Source SOA Middleware Developers / Lead jobs at Bangalore
by Brainsearch Consulting Pvt Ltd hiring for Fortune 10 US IT MNC @ Bangalore / Delhincr in Bengaluru/Bangalore, Gurgaon, Hyderabad / Secunderabad
Experience:
5 to
8
yrs.
Posted on: 29 Apr
Login to Apply
Apply and Register
Share
Job Description
5+ years of experience working with the Open Source SOA platform as a Senior Developer;Clear understanding of SOA design principles and best practices;Experience with SOAP and REST
Salary:
Excellent Salary
Industry:
/
Farea:
,
Role Category:
Programming & Design
Role:
Team Lead/Technical Lead
Keyskills:
Open Source SOAWSO2Open Source Middleware Mule ESBJBoss ESBWSO2 ESBRed Hat Fuse ESBOpen ESBSpring IntegrationApache Synapse
REST
Desired Candidate Profile
Education:
UG - Any Graduate - Any Specialization
PG - Any Postgraduate
Doctorate - Doctorate Not Required
Participate in the design, development and delivery of Open Source SOA (ESB) projects with customers around the world.Hands on experience in ESB integration projects with Java/J2EE;Should have experience in Frameworks like Struts/Spring.
Company Profile
Brainsearch Consulting Pvt Ltd
My Client is one of the Top 10 Fortune listed company. Has its presence in North America (USA, Canada), Europe (UK, Germany, Switzerland, Sweden, Netherlands), and APAC (India, Singapore, Hong Kong). $102 billion in revenues last year
Login to Apply
Apply and Register
|
|
|
|
Inappropriate Content
Incomplete information about job / company
Fake job / Non-recruitment related job / Scam
Duplicate of another job on the site
Incorrect Email ID
Phone number not contactable
Other
Submit
Thank you for your feedback. This will help us improve the quality of jobs that are available on naukri.com for you.
OK
Send a query to recruiter
People who view this job also look for jobs with following keywords
IEIl has taken all reasonable steps to ensure that information on this site is authentic. Applicants are advised to research bonafides of advertisers independently. IEIL shall not have any responsibility in this regard. We also recommend that you visit
and
for more comprehensive information on this aspect.
New to Naukri?
Get the Naukri Advantage:
Apply to Advertised Jobs
Access Confidential Jobs
Connect with Recruiters
Create your Account
Jobseekers
FastForward
Top Cities
Top Categories
Partner Sites
Browse Jobs
Follow us:
|
All rights reserved © 2013 Info Edge India Ltd.
Please enter your email ID to get job alerts
Done
New User: Apply to selected job without registration
New User: Apply to selected job and register
Please fill in the below details to apply to the selected job. If you are registred User,