Software Developer vacancies at Versant Techno Solutions in Hyderabad, Andhra Pradesh - April 2014 IT Jobs | Walkins Interviews India | Indian Jobs | Walkins in India | Fresher Job walk-in
»
»
»
»
Posted by
Software Developer vacancies at Versant Techno Solutions in Hyderabad, Andhra Pradesh - April 2014
Job offer posted on Apr 30, 2014
Job Details
Category
IT Jobs
Location
Hyderabad
Company
Versant Techno Solutions Pvt. Ltd.
Experience
0 to 1 yrs
Salary INR
Best in Market
EmploymentFull-time
Basic Qualifications ( Educational, Other Skills )
* B.Tech/B.E
* Experience in development of projects using MVC and Struts Framework.
* Hands on experience in HTML5, CSS3, Javascript, Jquery, Ajax .
* Should be good in Unit Testing, UML/XML and SQL queries. Strong in database – MySQL, Oracle
* Experience in Hibernate, AJAX, JQuery & Linux environment would be an added advantage.
* Must be ready to work on upcoming technologies and guide junior team member in day to day activities.
Job Content
* The candidate must be confident, self driven, good team player and ability to lead team.
* Ability to work with responsibility
* Take full ownership of development of allotted projects.
* Should have very good problem solving and communication skill.
* Great opportunity to work on a Cloud based SAAS application.
(IT Jobs, Hyderabad, Versant Techno Solutions Pvt. Ltd., April 2014 jobs, jobs in Andhra Pradesh, jobs in Hyderabad, Jobs in India)
How To Apply
You do not have a user account?
.
Keywords: , , ,
Please enable JavaScript to view the
Candidate
Job seekers post your free profile and find suitable jobs and placement papers etc.
Employers
Companies publish free ads for jobs in the areas of promotion, exhibition, event,internship,
placement papers, and use our large candidate database to search for job seekers.
(or send to )
FREE Daily Email Alerts
-
User login
Connect
Username or e-mail: *
Password: *
Simply Freshers
Contact
Jobs by Location
Our Websites
Simplyfreshers.com © 2014 All rights reserved