Job T24 Business Consultant Binary Berries Resources Hyderabad / Secunderabad Rahul Deo Bharadwaj CHARU CHANDRA PLACE(E)
KOLKATA
Kolkata,West Bengal,India - Ritz Consultant Jobs (458654)
|
Candidates:
|
|
Employer:
|
T24 Business Consultant
Binary Berries Resources
|
Summary
Experience:
10 to
15
yrs.
Location
Hyderabad / Secunderabad
Education
UG - Any Graduate - Any Specialization, Graduation Not Required
PG - Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required
Doctorate - Any Doctorate - Any Specialization,
Industry Type:
IT-Software
/
Software Services
Salary:
INR 6,00,000 - 15,00,000 P.A. as per industry standards
Functional Area:
Farea:
IT Software - Application Programming,
Maintenance
Posted Date:
25-Feb-2014
Desired Candidate Profile
We are looking for a minimum 10 years experience profile with atleast 6 years in t24. we are looking at only those profiles which can join at a 24 hour notice in hyderabad.complete details are on the blog and the url is given below.
Job Description
We are looking for a minimum 10 years experience profile with atleast 6 years in t24. we are looking at only those profiles which can join at a 24 hour notice in hyderabad.complete details are on the blog and the url is given below.
Keywords: t24
Company Profile
http://www.binaryberriesresources.blogspot.in
our client is a fast growing IT services provider in hyderabad complete details about them are on the blog and the url is given below.
Contact Details
Company Name:
Binary Berries Resources
Web site:
Executive Name:
Rahul Deo Bharadwaj
Address:
CHARU CHANDRA PLACE(E)
KOLKATA
Kolkata,West Bengal,India
Telephone:
919849128646
View more Jobs in:
Ths job posted here is submitted either by the clients of Ritz Consultant or individual/consultant/freelancers. Ritz Consultant takes no responsiblity of authenticity of Jobs Posted here as we offer free job postings. Users are advised to research bonafides of advertisers independently. Ritz Consultant will not have any responsibility in this regard. We recommend that you visit Terms & Conditions and the Security Advice for more comprehensive information.
Please note: This is not advertisers contact form. This is complain form. Your message will be sent to administrators to let them review this ad.
Your full name *
Your email address *
Your message *
* - Fields with * are required
Jobs From Most Popular Cities
Jobs By Functions
Jobs By Industry
Jobs By Keywords
All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners.