Job Customer Care Executive - Inbound Sterling Placements Hyderabad / Secunderabad Mr. King Kazemi 1st Floor, Business Center
Hotel The Park, Opp. Necklace Road MMTS
Rajbhavan Road, Hyderabad
HYDERABAD,Andhra Pradesh,India - Ritz Consultant Jobs (458649)
|
Candidates:
|
|
Employer:
|
Customer Care Executive - Inbound
Sterling Placements
|
Summary
Experience:
1 to
5
yrs.
Location
Hyderabad / Secunderabad
Education
UG - Any Graduate - Any Specialization, Graduation Not Required
PG - Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required
Doctorate - Any Doctorate - Any Specialization,
Industry Type:
BPO
/
Call Centre
/
ITES
Salary:
INR 80,000 - 1,75,000 P.A. Performance Based Incentives
Functional Area:
Farea:
ITES,
BPO,
KPO,
LPO,
Posted Date:
25-Feb-2014
Desired Candidate Profile
Candidate With Good communication skills, willing to work in night shift. This is semi voice process. So he should have good typing speed 25 Words Per minute with 80% accuracy. Pick and drop facility available.
Job Description
*	Attend inbound calls of customers with regards to give or take information.
*	Ability to up sell/ cross sell.
*	Ability to understand what makes the customer tick.
*	Implement all feedback given by Supervisors.
Keywords: Customer Servicingcustomer care International Calling
Company Profile
http://www.sterlinghub.com
TATA Business Support Services (TBSS) is a rapidly growing 3rd party customer experience management service provider,offering end-to-end customer communication management services across the customer lifecycle, which include: Customer acquisition.
Contact Details
Company Name:
Sterling Placements
Web site:
Executive Name:
Mr. King Kazemi
Address:
1st Floor, Business Center
Hotel The Park, Opp. Necklace Road MMTS
Rajbhavan Road, Hyderabad
HYDERABAD,Andhra Pradesh,India
Telephone:
91-8977790260
View more Jobs in:
Ths job posted here is submitted either by the clients of Ritz Consultant or individual/consultant/freelancers. Ritz Consultant takes no responsiblity of authenticity of Jobs Posted here as we offer free job postings. Users are advised to research bonafides of advertisers independently. Ritz Consultant will not have any responsibility in this regard. We recommend that you visit Terms & Conditions and the Security Advice for more comprehensive information.
Please note: This is not advertisers contact form. This is complain form. Your message will be sent to administrators to let them review this ad.
Your full name *
Your email address *
Your message *
* - Fields with * are required
Jobs From Most Popular Cities
Jobs By Functions
Jobs By Industry
Jobs By Keywords
All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners.