Job Details
India
||||IndiaEnglishEnglish|||
true
New?
ASP.NET
Job Location:Hyderabad
Job Number:J33653
Schedule: Full-time
"• Net resources with 4+ years of experience. • Resources need to have .Net with C# (ASP .Net, VB .Net) experience. • Should have strong conceptual understanding of .NET language concepts (like CLR, Commonly used controls) including OOPS.
• Should be able to code/understand and debug Serviced Components, Remoting and Web Services components in .NET 2.0. • Should have deep know-how knowledge of ADO & ADO.NET
• Should know the configuration and deployment options/tools in .NET. • Should know the ASP.NET basics, intrinsic validation controls. • Should know the Localization, Globalization and other advanced UI concepts ASP.NET 2.0 / Win Forms. • Should have good conceptual & coding experience of XML. • Should have knowledge of unit test frameworks like NUnit, Visual Studio team suite unit testing framework. • Good Understanding of SQL Server Database. • Should have ability to SQL design, write and execute SQL scripts/Stored Procedures. • Should have strong architectural knowledge/experience in designing solutions using Enterprise library, SOA, Software factories."
Graduation in any discipline
Note: Accenture does not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, sex, age, non-disqualifying physical or mental disability, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or any other basis covered by local law.
See the latest jobs available below:
Gurgaon
Mumbai
Mumbai
Jobs based on searches similar to yours:
{location}
{location}
Submit Your Resume
Apply to jobs, track existing applications and make your resume visible to all recruiters, who can match your skills to open positions.
Stay In Touch
Sign up to join our , receive our monthly careers newsletters, or get alerts when jobs that match your preferences become available.
Contact Us
Questions about opportunities at Accenture?
Yes
Job Details
Let's Connect:
© 2014 Accenture All Rights Reserved