Customer Service Advisor - DHL - Karachi - Pakistan Jobs - Dawn - Jang Newspapers Job Ads.
Enter your email address
to receive latest Jobs:
Customer Service Advisor - DHL - Karachi
By
Published 05/4/2014
,
,
,
,
At DHL, people mean the world to us. That’s why our goal has always been to attract and retain the best talent world over. We provide challenge and opportunity for personal & professional development. We recognise the difference you bring to our business and together we share the pride of building THE Logistics company of the world.At DHL Express, we have the following opening in Customer Service department at Country Office, Karachi. CUSTOMER SERVICE ADVISOR (Full time & part time)    Minimum Graduate    Age 22-25 years    Male/Female both can apply    Prior call centre experience will be preferred    Good communication skills (Verbal and Written)If your profile matches the above criteria, please send your CV, via email to jobs.pk@dhl.com by Thursday, May 08, 2014. Please mark the position applied for in the subject line. Only short listed candidates will be contacted. DHL is an equal opportunity employer.DHL EXPRESSEXCELLENCE, SIMPLY DELIVERED.
Enter your email address
to receive latest Jobs:
Comments
Comment about this job:
You are replying to the above comment..
Your Name:
Email (private):
Website:
Please copy the characters from the image below into the text field below. Doing this helps us prevent automated submissions.
Security Code:
Categories
No categories found.
Popular Jobs
No popular Jobs found.
Our Newsletter
Enter your details below to join our email list and receive our newsletter.
First Name:
Email Address:
- Dawn - Jang Newspapers Job Ads. Jobs, Career, Vacancies
and Employment Opportunities  in Karachi, Islamabad - Rawalpindi, Lahore, Faisalabad,
Multan - -
-
Job Alerts and Updates...
Not Subscribed ?
Receive Updates on latest
Pakistan Jobs / Vacancies in your email everyday!
Simply enter
your email address below
and click "Join"
and then enter the verification code.
Your Email Address: