Training Manager at VERTEX Customer Solutions India Pvt Ltd. | SpanJobs.com
The Premier JobSite for the Asia Pacific Region and India. All Jobs in Asia Pacific and India Now!
Training Manager at VERTEX Customer Solutions India Pvt Ltd.
Posted by: VERTEX Customer Solutions India Pvt Ltd.
Posted date: 29-Apr
Job Description:Excellent command over English with ability to provide sound and productive training.
Able to design Training modules. Good in content developing.
Identify process product gaps and conduct training sessions for improvement.
Provide on going follow-up training, feedback and coaching
Evaluate performance of the reps to determine skills, capabilities and developmental needs.
Keeping a track and maintaining dashboards and reports
Effectively participating in maintaining the training calendar
Coordinating with external & internal clients for the process enhancement
Responsible for ongoing co-ordination and communication with the Process owners.
Capable of multi tasking.
Handling training team
Analyze training results and conduct refresher training wherever needed
Conduct up-grade trainings
Training coordination and maintaining training records / material
While not in training, would be on the floor supporting operations.
Providing process, product and soft skill training to new hires. Refresher course training to old CCEs as per training module for the company.
Evaluate impact of training given.
Conduct Workshops for continual improvement.
Provide qualitative and effective training for the Call Center,
Trainer will need to conduct training on various fronts - product and processes, regulatory training, soft skills.
Fluency in the regional languages required [English, Hindi and Telugu].
Regards
Sandeep Singh
Team HR
9550204444nullExperience Required: 4 to 8 null
Post Details
Job Title
Training Manager at VERTEX Customer Solutions India Pvt Ltd.
Classification
Job Type
Location
Hyderabad / Secunderabad
Country
Job Salary
null
Company and Contact Details
Company
VERTEX Customer Solutions India Pvt Ltd.
Company Website
Company Profile
nullnull
|  |
|
|
Copyright © 2006 - 2014 SpanJobs.com Free India Jobs - The Number 1 Free Job Portal in India. All Rights Reserved
SpanJobs.com - The Number 1 Portal for India Jobs - Best Jobs in India and India Careers. India Jobs | Jobs in India | India Careers