Principal Software Engineer (ESTG) Job in Hyderabad,
Development Career, All Jobs in CA Technologies
Candidate registration
Login Forgot password
Forgot password
Sign in Candidate registration
OR
Search our 587 Open jobs today
What:
Where:
Let us find a job for you
One-Click-Join our Talent Community and let us find a great job for you. You'll get inside info on the latest jobs and we'll be able to find you when we're hiring.
Principal Software Engineer (ESTG) job
in Hyderabad
CA Technologies provides IT management solutions that help customers manage and secure complex IT environments to support agile business services. It’s our aim to encourage global collaboration and innovation while supporting and developing our talented workforce. CA Technologies empowers its employees to drive success for both the business and themselves.
Requisition ID:
42344
Job Function:
Development
Country:
India
City:
Hyderabad
City:
Hyderabad B1Nanakramguda
Post Date:
05/03/2014
We are currently looking for a qualified
Principal Software Engineer
to join our
Hyderabad office .
Role : As a Principal Software Engineer, you will be responsible for working closely with management and architects to create highly complex and sophisticated software on design projects that span several groups. Provide high level research and analysis related to software design and development and solve complex problems.
Roles and responsibilities:
Design and code, often for the most complex units/modules/products that meet functional and business requirements on schedule and within budget. Perform unit/module testing of software to find errors and confirm programs meet specifications. Fix bugs, add enhancements, and convert software to other platforms. Assist quality assurance team by providing assistance to testers and support personnel as needed to determine system problems. Collaborate with quality assurance in creation of their test plans and participate in reviews. Evaluate impact of software performance, and recommend changes to software design team. Perform strategic research and design for a major technical area. Design patentable technology and propose and review patent applications. Lead improvement of development processes and procedures. May perform Development project management responsibilities including:
Develop and maintain project plans. Design, plan, and coordinate the activities of project teams. Communicate project status to all interested parties and ensure team stays on track to satisfy business needs and client expectations. Ensure completeness and quality of all project deliverables. Manage change control process through the life of project. Identify and escalates issues and, when necessary, pull appropriate teams together to solve challenge/issue, etc. Recognize potential risks and implement course of action to address them appropriately.
Work with marketing and product management to ensure CA's technology is positioned effectively. Advice development groups on technical matters as required. Hold internal education classes to raise CA's technical knowledge base. Mentor, train and develop Software Engineers. Meet with customers and the field to discuss their technical issues and requirements.
Work Experience:
Typically 7 or more years of experience (5 or more years with a Master's Degree) in software development
Preferred Education & Certifications:
Bachelor's Degree or global equivalent in Computer Science or related discipline Master's degree or global equivalent preferred. Additional management or leadership training is beneficial...
Mandatory Skill
Tech Leadership Role, C, C++. Data structures, Multithreading, Algorithms Hands on planning security product. Industry leading product for risk. Machine Learning is a Nice to have skill. Big data is nice to have skill. User profiling is another thing we will work on for the next release. Domain Knowledge is nice to have skill.
If you want to fulfill your potential, be acknowledged for your achievements, and be given autonomy to make decisions for your business and customers; if you want to work with a company that respects you as an individual - recognizing both your needs at work and your responsibilities outside of it - then CA Technologies is where you belong. At CA Technologies your passion and expertise can directly impact the business and you'll help offer our customers practical approaches to delivering new, innovative services and value through IT. Learn more about CA Technologies and this opportunity now at http://ca.com/careers
Note to Recruiters and Placement Agencies
:
CA Technologies does not accept unsolicited agency resumes. Please do not forward unsolicited agency resumes to our website or to any CA Technologies employee. CA Technologies will not pay fees to any third party agency or firm and will not be responsible for any agency fees associated with unsolicited resumes. Unsolicited resumes received will be considered property of CA Technologies and will be processed accordingly. EOE/AA
Not ready to apply?
Featured jobs
|
Bangalore
|
Southfield, Michigan
|
Cornella
|
Houston, Texas
|
Hyderabad
Jobs by category
(232) (90) (63) (18) (14) (13) (12) (8) (5) (5) (2) (1)
Browse by location
Browse by locations Browse by sectors
(358) (116) (30) (22) (11)
Copyright ©2013 CA. All rights reserved.
Sign in Candidate registration