Manager, Software Engineering (ESTG) Job in Hyderabad,
Development Career, All Jobs in CA Technologies
Candidate registration
Login Forgot password
Forgot password
Sign in Candidate registration
OR
Search our 587 Open jobs today
What:
Where:
Let us find a job for you
One-Click-Join our Talent Community and let us find a great job for you. You'll get inside info on the latest jobs and we'll be able to find you when we're hiring.
Manager, Software Engineering (ESTG) job
in Hyderabad
CA Technologies provides IT management solutions that help customers manage and secure complex IT environments to support agile business services. It’s our aim to encourage global collaboration and innovation while supporting and developing our talented workforce. CA Technologies empowers its employees to drive success for both the business and themselves.
Requisition ID:
42343
Job Function:
Development
Country:
India
City:
Hyderabad
City:
Hyderabad B1Nanakramguda
Post Date:
05/03/2014
Job Overview This position is responsible for working closely with management and architects to create highly complex and sophisticated software on design projects that span several groups. Provide high level research and analysis related to software design and development and solve complex problems. Key Responsibilities
Manage and work with a team of highly skilled application security professionals Hand-on approach to work and people management Advise, advocate and mature the Secure SDLC process CA Single point of contact for Secure SDLC process at CA Deliver trainings on range of topics related to software secure assurance for ex: secure coding in java, basic application security awareness Conduct security assessments like penetration tests, architectural risk analysis or code review for various CA products. Must be able to perform assessment both manually and with the assistance of automated tools, in order to ensure applications, systems, and networks are not susceptible to known attack vectors Analyze the results of vulnerability assessments and code reviews, write reports based on that analysis, and advice product team of vulnerabilities, risk and mitigation Support the routine vulnerability assessment and consulting assignments Stay informed about the latest developments in the information security field, including new products and services, through on-line news services, technical magazines, professional associations, industry conferences, training seminars, and other information sources Support departmental and organizational activities, goals and objectives as required
Business Travel and Physical Demands Business travel of approximately 10 or less percent yearly is expected for this position. Physical demands: Office environment. No special physical demands required. Preferred Education Bachelor's Degree or global equivalent in Computer Science or related discipline Preference given to candidates with applicable certifications from organizations such as EC-Council, SANS, ISACA, ISC (2), PCI, etc Work Experience At least 10 years of experience in in application security domain with at least 3 years in people management role. Skills & Competencies Product - Advanced Authentication
Looking for sustaining Manager in software product companies - specifically from security background. Should have managed sustenance team earlier, preferably from sustaining back ground. Tech skills - Java, J2EE or C++ guy, exposure to both languages preferred. Good exposure to web technologies. He should be able to understand products, look at codes and tell where the problem is, code reviewing skills. Budgeted addition The product caters to authentication; this is into web access Management
20 Million Revenue, Team of 40 - Dev 26 (6 in sustaining), QA 14. Reportees expected to this role is roughly 7-8
If you want to fulfill your potential, be acknowledged for your achievements, and be given autonomy to make decisions for your business and customers; if you want to work with a company that respects you as an individual - recognizing both your needs at work and your responsibilities outside of it - then CA Technologies is where you belong. At CA Technologies your passion and expertise can directly impact the business and you'll help offer our customers practical approaches to delivering new, innovative services and value through IT. Learn more about CA Technologies and this opportunity now at http://ca.com/careers
Note to Recruiters and Placement Agencies
:
CA Technologies does not accept unsolicited agency resumes. Please do not forward unsolicited agency resumes to our website or to any CA Technologies employee. CA Technologies will not pay fees to any third party agency or firm and will not be responsible for any agency fees associated with unsolicited resumes. Unsolicited resumes received will be considered property of CA Technologies and will be processed accordingly. EOE/AA
Not ready to apply?
Featured jobs
|
Bangalore
|
Houston, Texas
|
Southfield, Michigan
|
Cornella
|
Hyderabad
Jobs by category
(232) (90) (63) (18) (14) (13) (12) (8) (5) (5) (2) (1)
Browse by location
Browse by locations Browse by sectors
(358) (116) (30) (22) (11)
Copyright ©2013 CA. All rights reserved.
Sign in Candidate registration