Software Engineer (ESTG) Job in Hyderabad,
Development Career, All Jobs in CA Technologies
Candidate registration
Login Forgot password
Forgot password
Sign in Candidate registration
OR
Search our 587 Open jobs today
What:
Where:
Let us find a job for you
One-Click-Join our Talent Community and let us find a great job for you. You'll get inside info on the latest jobs and we'll be able to find you when we're hiring.
Software Engineer (ESTG) job
in Hyderabad
CA Technologies provides IT management solutions that help customers manage and secure complex IT environments to support agile business services. It’s our aim to encourage global collaboration and innovation while supporting and developing our talented workforce. CA Technologies empowers its employees to drive success for both the business and themselves.
Requisition ID:
44665
Job Function:
Development
Country:
India
City:
Hyderabad
City:
Hyderabad B1Nanakramguda
Post Date:
04/25/2014
Job Overview This position is responsible for creating, testing, ensuring the quality of and maintaining a product or family of products/solution. Provide moderately complex code modification, testing and debugging tasks. Perform analysis related to software design and development and solve problems. Key Responsibilities
Participates in grooming of product backlog with product management, architecture, and other stakeholders. Visualize, articulate and break down complex problems into simpler parts Design and code moderately complex units/modules/products that meet functional and business requirements on schedule and within budget. Perform unit/module testing of software to find errors and confirm programs meet specifications. Write and maintain documentation to describe program development, logic, coding, testing, changes, and corrections. Fix bugs, add enhancements, and convert software to other platforms. Work effectively with other team members as needed to determine system problems. Put forward accurate time estimates of work to be done on a project Provide product content to technical writers and review for technical accuracy. Provide input to establish and improve departmental processes and procedures. Participate in design and code reviews with other developers. Develop and execute customer focused test cases and maintain associated records Provide test automation, test planning, triage, isolation and troubleshooting Integrate test suites into the test management system and test harness Develop and utilize automated test scripts to perform duties Record issues into a defect-tracking system Participate in test plan reviews Put forward accurate time estimates of work to be done on a project Follow-up and close issues entered into the defect-tracking system Provide input to establish and improve departmental processes and procedures
Typical Role Definition Professional Staff. An intermediate level professional role. Some evaluation, originality or ingenuity required to perform tasks. Knows and applies the fundamental concepts, practices, and procedures of a particular field. Job-Specific Authority and Scope
Generally works without consulting their manager. Independent decisions are made daily. Examples of typical decisions without manager consultation:
Reprioritize and manage their workload. Design programs or solutions. Decide best course for code development.
Typically has no direct reports. Typically has no total staff. Typically has a global geographic focus. Typically does not manage a budget.
Business Travel and Physical Demands Business travel of approximately 10 or less percent yearly is expected for this position. Physical demands:
Office environment. No special physical demands required.
Preferred Education Undergraduate degree in Computer Science, Engineering or Sciences Work Experience Typically 3+ Years' experience of software development experience. Skills & Competencies
Some Web Application UI Development Experience Ability to learn and adopt new technology
Areas of Expertise
JavaScript, ExtJS, AJAX, JSON, HTML, CSS, jQuery, XML Java, Spring, GXT/GWT, JSP, REST, OData, JAX-RS Portal - Liferay, Tomcat, OSGi, Karaf Development for I18N
If you want to fulfill your potential, be acknowledged for your achievements, and be given autonomy to make decisions for your business and customers; if you want to work with a company that respects you as an individual - recognizing both your needs at work and your responsibilities outside of it - then CA Technologies is where you belong.
At CA Technologies your passion and expertise can directly impact the business and you'll help offer our customers practical approaches to delivering new, innovative services and value through IT.
Learn more about CA Technologies and this opportunity now at http://ca.com/careers Note to Recruiters and Placement Agencies:
CA Technologies does not accept unsolicited agency resumes. Please do not forward unsolicited agency resumes to our website or to any CA Technologies employee. CA Technologies will not pay fees to any third party agency or firm and will not be responsible for any agency fees associated with unsolicited resumes. Unsolicited resumes received will be considered property of CA Technologies and will be processed accordingly.
Not ready to apply?
Featured jobs
|
Bangalore
|
Southfield, Michigan
|
Cornella
|
Houston, Texas
|
Hyderabad
Jobs by category
(232) (90) (63) (18) (14) (13) (12) (8) (5) (5) (2) (1)
Browse by location
Browse by locations Browse by sectors
(358) (116) (30) (22) (11)
Copyright ©2013 CA. All rights reserved.
Sign in Candidate registration