SEO Lead Generation Specialist Jobs in Pakistan, Digital Advertisia - Ref. 106094
Toggle navigation
SEO Lead Generation Specialist Jobs in Pakistan
SEO Lead Generation Specialist Job in Digital Advertisia, Pakistan
Category
Job Type
Shift Timings
Requires Traveling
No
Career Level
Experienced (Non-Managerial)
Number Of Vacancies
3
Required Qualification
BCS
Required Experience
3 Years
Salary Per Month
20,000 - 25,000 PKR
Posted on
29/04/2014
Last Date
29/04/2014
Company
Location
,
Job Description
SEO Lead Generation Specialist The primary focus of the SEO/SEM professional is to provide the strategy and technical expertise that is required to achieve a strong presence on the search engines, increase qualified search engine traffic and online sales or lead generation for clients. Work with clients, account executives, copywriters, designers and developers to generate content, optimize copy, site structure and landing pages for Search Engine Marketing Advocate and work with common social media platforms for both B2B and B2C clientsCreate online marketing plans Analyze web metrics and analytics Create reports and presentations for clients
Job Specification
Search Engine Guidelines: Maintain a current understanding of both good and bad search engine optimization tactics: keep abreast of white hat and black hat tactics so as not to run afoul of search engine guidelines. Technology Skills: 2 years of web experience is required including knowledge of webmarketing and blogging platforms as well as MS Office. Must know the language of SEO, and be able to explain the concepts to clients in a manner that is meaningful to their business. Communication Skills: The SEM/SEO Specialist interacts with many different parties and must therefore have excellent written and verbal communication skills. SelfStarter: As the position entails many elements, it requires a true selfstarter who doesn’t require handholding, is able to assess a situation, develop a plan, get approval and run with it. Analytical Thinker: It is imperative that SEO specialists possess critical thinking and analytical skills. They should be able to readily identify problems and formulate practical solutions to meet client objectives within their budgets.
×
Warning!
Do not make any payment to any company, a genuine employer will never ask you to pay in any case. ()
Jobs by Category
Jobs by Type
Jobs by Shift
Jobs in Pakistan
Jobs in Middle East
Other Tools
Copyright © 2014
All Rights Reserved -
- A Project of
×
Members Logon