Senior Software Engineer (ESTG) Job in Hyderabad,
Development Career, All Jobs in CA Technologies
Candidate registration
Login Forgot password
Forgot password
Sign in Candidate registration
OR
Search our 587 Open jobs today
What:
Where:
Let us find a job for you
One-Click-Join our Talent Community and let us find a great job for you. You'll get inside info on the latest jobs and we'll be able to find you when we're hiring.
Senior Software Engineer (ESTG) job
in Hyderabad
CA Technologies provides IT management solutions that help customers manage and secure complex IT environments to support agile business services. It’s our aim to encourage global collaboration and innovation while supporting and developing our talented workforce. CA Technologies empowers its employees to drive success for both the business and themselves.
Requisition ID:
44667
Job Function:
Development
Country:
India
City:
Hyderabad
City:
Hyderabad B1Nanakramguda
Post Date:
05/03/2014
Job Overview This position is responsible for verification that the product is implemented to the stated requirements and validation that the product functions as designed. Design, build and execute functional and customer use case focused tests that verify the accuracy and reliability of assigned products meet stated requirements.Key Responsibilities
Put forward accurate time estimates of work to be done on a project Complete all scheduled tasks on time Develop customer focused test plans Set-up and maintain testing environments Perform complex test cases and maintain associated test records Develop and utilize automated test scripts to perform duties Record issues into a defect-tracking system Follow-up and close issues entered into the defect-tracking system Escalate issues to a higher level where issue resolution is not achieved within a reasonable amount of time Provide information to technical documentation (i.e. Product Release Notes/Readme files) Review product documentation (manuals/Getting Started Guides) for technical accuracy Work with development team to understand assigned modules/new product features for the purpose of developing test cases Participate in the design spec reviews to understand design, contribute quality requirements and ensure testability Familiarize themselves with new technology, operating systems, automated testing tools, etc. in order to maintain an awareness of technological advances. Assume a QA project or team leader position within the organization.
Typical Role Definition Professional Staff. A senior level professional role. Evaluation, originality or ingenuity required. Knows and applies the fundamental concepts, practices, and procedures of a particular field. Has mastered the key responsibilities. Assignments can be broad in nature. May serve as a resource to others to resolve complex problems and issues. Instructions generally provided in general terms. May take on project lead role as required.Job-Specific Authority and Scope
Generally works without consulting their manager. Independent decisions are made daily. Examples of typical decisions without manager consultation:
Design correctness. Choose most appropriate way to document a product. Choose how to best test a product function.
Typically has no direct reports. Typically has no total staff. Typically has a global geographic focus. Typically does not manage a budget.
Business Travel and Physical Demands Business travel of approximately 10 or less percent yearly is expected for this position. Physical demands:
Office environment. No special physical demands required.
Preferred Education Bachelor's Degree or global equivalent in Computer Science or related field. Master's degree or global equivalent a plus. Work Experience 3+ Years experience developing Web Applications Skills & Competencies
Automated Testing Relational Database Ability to learn and adopt new technology
Areas of Expertise
Quality Center, LISA
If you want to fulfill your potential, be acknowledged for your achievements, and be given autonomy to make decisions for your business and customers; if you want to work with a company that respects you as an individual - recognizing both your needs at work and your responsibilities outside of it - then CA Technologies is where you belong.
At CA Technologies your passion and expertise can directly impact the business and you'll help offer our customers practical approaches to delivering new, innovative services and value through IT.
Learn more about CA Technologies and this opportunity now at http://ca.com/careers Note to Recruiters and Placement Agencies:
CA Technologies does not accept unsolicited agency resumes. Please do not forward unsolicited agency resumes to our website or to any CA Technologies employee. CA Technologies will not pay fees to any third party agency or firm and will not be responsible for any agency fees associated with unsolicited resumes. Unsolicited resumes received will be considered property of CA Technologies and will be processed accordingly.
Not ready to apply?
Featured jobs
|
Bangalore
|
Houston, Texas
|
Southfield, Michigan
|
Hyderabad
|
Cornella
Jobs by category
(232) (90) (63) (18) (14) (13) (12) (8) (5) (5) (2) (1)
Browse by location
Browse by locations Browse by sectors
(358) (116) (30) (22) (11)
Copyright ©2013 CA. All rights reserved.
Sign in Candidate registration