Opening for Legal Associate - Walk in at Hyderabad on May 04, 2014 at null | SpanJobs.com
The Premier JobSite for the Asia Pacific Region and India. All Jobs in Asia Pacific and India Now!
Opening for Legal Associate - Walk in at Hyderabad on May 04, 2014 at null
Posted by: null
Posted date: 29-Apr
Job Description:Interested candidates may walk in between 10:00 A.M. and 4:00 P.M. on May 04, 2014 with their updated resume to QuisLex Legal Services Pvt Ltd, 2nd Floor DHFLVC Silicon Towers, Madhapur Road, Kondapur, Hyderabad 500032. Job Statement Assists in contract summarization, contract management, legal research, drafting, litigation research related projects. Applies a working knowledge of applicable laws and regulations verifies documents for completeness and compliance with quality and client requirements. The candidate will be required to fulfill a combination of one or more of the job responsibilities given below depending upon the nature of the project that is assigned to him/her. Job responsibilities A. Contract Review Review contracts Capturing of the details in matrix formats as per the client requirements Updating new contracts in the matrix format on an ongoing basis for new contracts B. Contract Management Drafting contracts based on pre-agreed precedents and guidelines Uploading and maintenance of contracts in client databases and summarization of key terms used C. Litigation Support Objective coding Subjective coding Relevance and privilege analysis Electronic discovery Summarization/abstraction of relevant/key/voluminous documents Litigation related on-going legal research Data-intensive quasi-legal/non-legal research Training Data Conversion Associates on Litigation support software D. Legal research Ability to work comfortably on US law research using Westlaw, other subscription based databases, etc. Drafting the legal information as per the client requirementsnullnullnull
Post Details
Job Title
Opening for Legal Associate - Walk in at Hyderabad on May 04, 2014 at null
Classification
Job Type
Location
Noida, Delhi/NCR, Delhi
Country
Job Salary
null
Company and Contact Details
Company
null
Company Website
Company Profile
nullnull
|  |
|
|
Copyright © 2006 - 2014 SpanJobs.com Free India Jobs - The Number 1 Free Job Portal in India. All Rights Reserved
SpanJobs.com - The Number 1 Portal for India Jobs - Best Jobs in India and India Careers. India Jobs | Jobs in India | India Careers