Principal Software Engineer (ESTG) Job in Hyderabad,
Development Career, All Jobs in CA Technologies
Candidate registration
Login Forgot password
Forgot password
Sign in Candidate registration
OR
Search our 587 Open jobs today
What:
Where:
Let us find a job for you
One-Click-Join our Talent Community and let us find a great job for you. You'll get inside info on the latest jobs and we'll be able to find you when we're hiring.
Principal Software Engineer (ESTG) job
in Hyderabad
CA Technologies provides IT management solutions that help customers manage and secure complex IT environments to support agile business services. It’s our aim to encourage global collaboration and innovation while supporting and developing our talented workforce. CA Technologies empowers its employees to drive success for both the business and themselves.
Requisition ID:
44662
Job Function:
Development
Country:
India
City:
Hyderabad
City:
Hyderabad B1Nanakramguda
Post Date:
05/03/2014
Job Overview This position is responsible for architecting, designing, creating, testing and ensuring the quality of moderately complex software on design projects that span several product areas. Provide high level research and analysis related to software design and development and solve complex problems. Key Responsibilities
Develop plans outlining steps and time tables for developing programs and communicate plans and status to management and other development team members. Responsible for providing accurate work estimates for large complex and cross-functional initiatives Write and maintain documentation to describe program development, logic, coding, testing, changes, and corrections. Drive improvement in software quality through design, code and test plan reviews Mentor, coach, train, facilitate and provide technological feedback as well as serve as a knowledge hub to other team members Build domain expertise and keep abreast on new technology, processes, systems & tools Work closely with product management representing engineering in cross-functional settings to understand and influence CA strategic product directions while translating those into appropriate product architectures and new product lines; constantly strive to evolve the product architecture and improve its maturity levels, modularity and flexibility Participate in grooming of product backlog with product management, development, architecture, and other stakeholders Communicate with cross functional program teams as part of a shared responsibility for total product quality Provide leadership and direction for test automation, test planning, triage, isolation and troubleshooting Design complex test environments and implement sophisticated test activities and strategies Drive test plan reviews and continuous improvement efforts Create detailed test execution reports, analyze, interpret, and summarize for broader audiences Design and code complex units/modules/products that meet functional and business requirements on schedule and within budget. Evaluate impact of software performance, and recommend changes to software design team. Effectively communicate testing activities and findings in oral and written format Assist in strategic research and design as directed May have indirect reports and manage a small project team. Set up software configuration control and software development environments including program source control to ensure reliable backups and source code integrity. Participate in design and code reviews with other developers. Provide product content to technical writers. Mentor, train, develop and serve as knowledge resource for less experienced Software Engineers. Owns a major component of the product Develop plans outlining steps and time tables for developing programs and communicate plans and status to management and other development team members. Visualize, articulate and break down complex testing areas into simpler parts Initiate and influence test strategies across teams and functional areas Participates in grooming of product backlog with product management, architecture, and other stakeholders. Visualize, articulate and break down complex problems into simpler parts Perform unit/module testing of software to find errors and confirm programs meet specifications. Write and maintain documentation to describe program development, logic, coding, testing, changes, and corrections. Fix bugs, add enhancements, and convert software to other platforms. Work effectively with other team members as needed to determine system problems. Put forward accurate time estimates of work to be done on a project Provide product content to technical writers and review for technical accuracy. Provide input to establish and improve departmental processes and procedures. Participate in design and code reviews with other developers. Develop and execute customer focused test cases and maintain associated records Provide test automation, test planning, triage, isolation and troubleshooting Integrate test suites into the test management system and test harness Develop and utilize automated test scripts to perform duties Record issues into a defect-tracking system Participate in test plan reviews Put forward accurate time estimates of work to be done on a project Follow-up and close issues entered into the defect-tracking system Provide input to establish and improve departmental processes and procedures
Typical Role Definition The individual acting as the Technical Lead for the API Resource Center must possess solid experience in the development of Web based applications and related architecture, must be able to provide guidance to the development team, and have the ability to make decisions under uncertainty.
He/she can work with the team to come to agreement on actions and technical direction as well as communicate technical decisions to management.Acting as a role model to the team, the Technical Lead is a working member of the scrum team and participates in the development of the API Resource Center.
It is expected that his/her leadership is situational vs positional.
This means the person must poses the skills and maturity so that others naturally look to this individual as a technical leader versus having the team view their leadership based on a positional designation only. He/She must feel comfortable in an organization that utilizes a matrix management. The candidate should eventually play the role of Scrum Master and be a People Leader with 4-5 direct staff Job-Specific Authority and Scope
Generally works without consulting their manager. Independent decisions are made daily. Examples of typical decisions without manager consultation:
Design programs or solutions. Set workload priorities based on load and deliverable targets. Mentor, train and provide feedback to less Sr Software Engineers to improve knowledge/skill attainment and performance.
Typically has a global geographic focus. Typically does not manage a budget.
Business Travel and Physical Demands Business travel of approximately 10 or less percent yearly is expected for this position. Physical demands:
Office environment. No special physical demands required.
Preferred Education Undergraduate degree in Computer Science, Engineering or Sciences Work Experience Typically 7 or more years of software development experience. Skills & Competencies
Strong UI Design and Development skills Strong Architectural skills Strong Debugging and problem solving skills Ability to learn and adopt new technology
Areas of Expertise
JavaScript, ExtJS, AJAX, JSON, HTML, CSS, jQuery, XML Java, Spring, GXT/GWT, JSP, REST, OData, JAX-RS Portal - Liferay, Tomcat, OSGi, Karaf Ant, Maven, Hudson Development for I18N
If you want to fulfill your potential, be acknowledged for your achievements, and be given autonomy to make decisions for your business and customers; if you want to work with a company that respects you as an individual - recognizing both your needs at work and your responsibilities outside of it - then CA Technologies is where you belong.
At CA Technologies your passion and expertise can directly impact the business and you'll help offer our customers practical approaches to delivering new, innovative services and value through IT.
Learn more about CA Technologies and this opportunity now at http://ca.com/careers Note to Recruiters and Placement Agencies:
CA Technologies does not accept unsolicited agency resumes. Please do not forward unsolicited agency resumes to our website or to any CA Technologies employee. CA Technologies will not pay fees to any third party agency or firm and will not be responsible for any agency fees associated with unsolicited resumes. Unsolicited resumes received will be considered property of CA Technologies and will be processed accordingly.
Not ready to apply?
Featured jobs
|
Hyderabad
|
Bangalore
|
Houston, Texas
|
Southfield, Michigan
|
Cornella
Jobs by category
(232) (90) (63) (18) (14) (13) (12) (8) (5) (5) (2) (1)
Browse by location
Browse by locations Browse by sectors
(358) (116) (30) (22) (11)
Copyright ©2013 CA. All rights reserved.
Sign in Candidate registration