Principal Product Manager Job in Hyderabad,
Development Career, All Jobs in CA Technologies
Candidate registration
Login Forgot password
Forgot password
Sign in Candidate registration
OR
Search our 587 Open jobs today
What:
Where:
Let us find a job for you
One-Click-Join our Talent Community and let us find a great job for you. You'll get inside info on the latest jobs and we'll be able to find you when we're hiring.
Principal Product Manager job
in Hyderabad
CA Technologies provides IT management solutions that help customers manage and secure complex IT environments to support agile business services. It’s our aim to encourage global collaboration and innovation while supporting and developing our talented workforce. CA Technologies empowers its employees to drive success for both the business and themselves.
Requisition ID:
43641
Job Function:
Development
Country:
India
City:
Hyderabad
City:
Hyderabad B1Nanakramguda
Post Date:
05/03/2014
Job OverviewThis position is responsible for driving strategy and requirements for one product as defined in the product hierarchy. This role is a fully qualified senior product manager who can work independently interfacing with internal and external customers at every level and will provide guidance to less senior Product Managers.Key ResponsibilitiesThis position acts as a team lead for the following types of product management activities:
Strategy and Planning
Build, update and communicate the product line vision, strategy and 3-year road map for core stakeholders and for external consumption Manage P&L; for product - creates annual plan for product and tracks performance against plan Drive the positioning and interaction of the product within the product portfolio and its integration with other products
Product Development
Function as the primary SME (subject matter expert) on the product and its target market . Understand competitive landscape from strategy to functional capabilities Identify customer and prospect problems that represent significant market opportunities and that are addressable by CA (and potential partners) (MRD) Write product requirement documents that define the features and capabilities required to address market opportunity (PRD) Develop and write the Integrated Business Plan (IBP) for funding approval Provide input to product marketing for the messaging platform document Lead the Core Cross-functional Team from Concept to Market Acceptance
Go To Market
Provide input to solution/product marketing for the go-to-market plan and supports the launch team Drive market acceptance' by evangelizing product to all stakeholders
Life cycle Management
Actively manage pricing and packaging as a profit and market penetration lever Actively manage the product across the entire life cycle; manage investment levels to maximize revenue and profit performance Maintain the ongoing customer acceptance of the product in the field Drive field enablement by ensuring the proper materials are available in the field
May be asked to be a PRIME (Product Investment and Management Excellence) Core Team member:
Participate in project planning throughout the product life cycle Conduct technical/function reviews for their function Engage actively and continuously with extended team members as needed to enhance communication Contribute and execute their component of the Integrated Business Plan, Integrated Project Plan, and the Integrated Launch Plan
Accountable for the business success of the project Resolves product and process issues Effectively communicates throughout and across the organizations at all levels (peers, subordinates, management, executives)
Typical Role Definition Sr Professional Staff. A seasoned, experienced professional with a full understanding of area of specialization. Resolves a wide range of issues in creative ways. Complete understanding and wide application of principles, theories, and concepts in the field. General knowledge of other related disciplines. Strong competence with the various tools, procedures, programming languages used to accomplish the job. Usually works with minimal supervision, conferring with a supervisor on unusual matters. May be assisted by (and at times direct) less senior level employees. Requires daily decision-making capabilities and actions that may not be reviewed by superiors. Assignments are broad in nature and need ingenuity and originality to solve. Contributes to moderately complex aspects of a project. May assist more junior staff members with aspects of their job. Works on problems of diverse scope where analysis of data requires evaluation of identifiable factors. May play a role in high-level projects that have an impact on the company's future direction.Job-Specific Authority and Scope
Generally works without consulting their manager. Independent decisions are made daily. Examples of typical decisions without manager consultation:
Need for and content of competitive intelligence documents Need for and production of training, positioning information and support RFPs Presentations and speech engagements to represent CA and present at industry events, user groups and other conferences
Typically has no direct reports. Typically has no total staff. Typically has a global geographic focus. Typically does not manage a budget.
Business Travel and Physical Demands Business travel of approximately 50 percent yearly is expected for this position. Physical demands:
Office environment. No special physical demands required.
Preferred EducationBachelor's Degree or global equivalent required in a related field. MBA Preferred.Work ExperienceTypically 7 or more years in an industry related role. Will typically have worked in technical support, system administration or product development type roles with exposure to marketing.Skills & CompetenciesExcellent verbal and written communication skills. Knowledge and understanding of products, competitive offerings and market drivers. Creation of quality, easy to understand papers and presentations. Strong Power Point skills. Proven track record of Product Management success.If you want to fulfill your potential, be acknowledged for your achievements, and be given autonomy to make decisions for your business and customers; if you want to work with a company that respects you as an individual - recognizing both your needs at work and your responsibilities outside of it - then CA Technologies is where you belong.
At CA Technologies your passion and expertise can directly impact the business and you'll help offer our customers practical approaches to delivering new, innovative services and value through IT.
Learn more about CA Technologies and this opportunity now at http://ca.com/careers Note to Recruiters and Placement Agencies:
CA Technologies does not accept unsolicited agency resumes. Please do not forward unsolicited agency resumes to our website or to any CA Technologies employee. CA Technologies will not pay fees to any third party agency or firm and will not be responsible for any agency fees associated with unsolicited resumes. Unsolicited resumes received will be considered property of CA Technologies and will be processed accordingly.
Not ready to apply?
Featured jobs
|
Bangalore
|
Houston, Texas
|
Southfield, Michigan
|
Cornella
|
Hyderabad
Jobs by category
(232) (90) (63) (18) (14) (13) (12) (8) (5) (5) (2) (1)
Browse by location
Browse by locations Browse by sectors
(358) (116) (30) (22) (11)
Copyright ©2013 CA. All rights reserved.
Sign in Candidate registration