Software Engineer Job in Hyderabad,
Development Career, All Jobs in CA Technologies
Candidate registration
Login Forgot password
Forgot password
Sign in Candidate registration
OR
Search our 587 Open jobs today
What:
Where:
Let us find a job for you
One-Click-Join our Talent Community and let us find a great job for you. You'll get inside info on the latest jobs and we'll be able to find you when we're hiring.
Software Engineer job
in Hyderabad
CA Technologies provides IT management solutions that help customers manage and secure complex IT environments to support agile business services. It’s our aim to encourage global collaboration and innovation while supporting and developing our talented workforce. CA Technologies empowers its employees to drive success for both the business and themselves.
Requisition ID:
41421
Job Function:
Development
Country:
India
City:
Hyderabad
City:
Hyderabad B1Nanakramguda
Post Date:
05/03/2014
We are currently looking for a qualified
Software Engineer
to join our
BI team
at our
Hyderabad office
Mandatory Skill requirements for this role :-
Good working experience in BO with Crystal Reports Good Experience in Dashboard Creation Good knowledge of database queries an performance tuning (SQL Server or Oracle or both) Good knowledge in Data Warehousing concepts and Datawarehouse models - STAR, SnowFlake, DataVault, 3rd Normal Formals
Knowledge in Data Modeling tools like CA ERWin is added advantage.
Establish best practices for administering the Enterprise environment of Pentaho Data Integrator and Pentaho BI Analyzing reporting problems to develop quality designs for reports. Produce documentation of Reports and the development process as needed to support the system. Strong report layout and presentation skills. Produce documentation of reports and the development process as needed to support the system. Deep understanding of report server integration with web application. Work with client representatives on defining report requirements. Define and develop reporting solutions per study requirements. Define and develop standard productized reports.
Roles and Responsibilities:
Design and code complex units/modules/products that meet functional and business requirements on schedule and within budget. Perform unit/module testing of software to find errors and confirm programs meet specifications. Fix bugs, add enhancements, and convert software to other platforms. Assist quality assurance team by providing assistance to testers and support personnel as needed to determine system problems. Collaborate with quality assurance in creation of their test plans and participate in reviews. Evaluate impact of software performance, and recommend changes to software design team. Write and maintain documentation to describe program development, logic, coding, testing, changes, and corrections. Provide product content to technical writers. Assist in strategic research and design as directed Set up software configuration control and software development environments including program source control to ensure reliable backups and source code integrity. Provide input to establish and improve departmental processes and procedures. Develop plans outlining steps and time tables for developing programs and communicate plans and status to management and other development team members. May have indirect reports and manage a small project team. Escalate issues to management as appropriate. Participate in design and code reviews with other developers. Mentor, train, develop and serve as knowledge resource for less experienced Software Engineers.
Work Experience:
Typically 2-4 or more years of experience in software development, Level 2 Support or a related field.
Preferred Education & Certifications :
Bachelor's Degree or global equivalent in Computer Science or related discipline. Master's degree or global equivalent a plus.
If you want to fulfill your potential, be acknowledged for your achievements, and be given autonomy to make decisions for your business and customers; if you want to work with a company that respects you as an individual - recognizing both your needs at work and your responsibilities outside of it - then CA Technologies is where you belong. At CA Technologies your passion and expertise can directly impact the business and you'll help offer our customers practical approaches to delivering new, innovative services and value through IT. Learn more about CA Technologies and this opportunity now at http://ca.com/careers
Note to Recruiters and Placement Agencies
:
CA Technologies does not accept unsolicited agency resumes. Please do not forward unsolicited agency resumes to our website or to any CA Technologies employee. CA Technologies will not pay fees to any third party agency or firm and will not be responsible for any agency fees associated with unsolicited resumes. Unsolicited resumes received will be considered property of CA Technologies and will be processed accordingly. EOE/AA
Not ready to apply?
Featured jobs
|
Houston, Texas
|
Southfield, Michigan
|
Cornella
|
Hyderabad
|
Bangalore
Jobs by category
(232) (90) (63) (18) (14) (13) (12) (8) (5) (5) (2) (1)
Browse by location
Browse by locations Browse by sectors
(358) (116) (30) (22) (11)
Copyright ©2013 CA. All rights reserved.
Sign in Candidate registration