Job ADM (account Delivery Manager) ABC Consultants Pvt Ltd Mumbai, Hyderabad / Secunderabad Chowdaiah Shop No. 2, Viveknagar, Opp. Bajaj Auto,
Near Akurdi Post Office, Akurdi, Pune
PUNE,Maharashtra,India - Ritz Consultant Jobs (458620)
|
Candidates:
|
|
Employer:
|
ADM (account Delivery Manager)
ABC Consultants Pvt Ltd
|
Summary
Experience:
12 to
18
yrs.
Posted on: 24 Feb
Location
Mumbai, Hyderabad / Secunderabad
Education
UG - Any Graduate - Any Specialization, Graduation Not Required
PG - Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required
Doctorate - Any Doctorate - Any Specialization,
Industry Type:
IT-Software
/
Software Services
Salary:
Not Disclosed by Recruiter
Functional Area:
Farea:
IT Software - Application Programming,
Maintenance
Posted Date:
24-Feb-2014
Desired Candidate Profile
Role
Description	We are looking to hire delivery leaders who have experience in managing end to end delivery of large and complex programs for our India based offshore delivery centers.
We are also looking for delivery leaders who can lead large programs and/or perform account management roles at client sites in the global markets.
For both of these roles, we are looking for professionals who have technical expertise in SAP with deep experience in industry verticals such as CNR(chemical Natural Resource). These positions are key leadership roles and will require experience in client management, good communication and problem management skills1.	Global Delivery Management:2.	Client Management
Job Description
ADM (ACCOUNT DELIVERY MANAGER)
Level : Manager, Senior Manager Exp: 12+ yrs Interview Location: Anywhere in India Work Location : Mumbai, Kolkata, (Senior Manager) Hyderabad, Pune (Manager)
Role
Description
We are looking to hire delivery leaders who have experience in managing end to end delivery of large and complex programs for our India based offshore delivery centers.
We are also looking for delivery leaders who can lead large programs and/or perform account management roles at client sites in the global markets.
For both of these roles, we are looking for professionals who have technical expertise in SAP with deep experience in industry verticals such as CNR(chemical Natural Resource). These positions are key leadership roles and will require experience in client management, good communication and problem management skills
1.	Global Delivery Management: a.	Overall 10+years of experience in IT services, with at least 5 years in tier 1 organizations b.	Proven experience in offshore delivery of ADM services SAP c.	Solid Industry Domain Knowledge in at least one vertical d.	Should have managed teams from client site to offshore+ Onshore (end to end responsibility) in delivering large programs e.	Good understanding of Project Financials and key levers that influence profitability f.	Knowledge of software quality process / CMM g.	Proven track record of managing project deliverables on time, under budget and quality h.	Pro-active Risk and Escalation Management i.	Accountable for ESAT & CSAT j.	Team Size
90 - 150+
2.	Client Management a.	Strong Communication skills and ability to confidently communicate a point of view b.	Strong understanding of key client stakeholders and managing expectations c.	Proven experience in deal process
presales, solution and contract management/legal process d.	Solid experience in Project governance, Crisis and Escalation management e.	Front ending and qualifying new opportunities. Be on the constant lookout for Up Selling/Cross Selling other offerings f.	Well versed with the industry dynamics and knowledgeable about emerging trends g.	Managed Revenue
3.	Personality
a.	Strong Communication skills b.	Solid Analytical & Problem solving skills c.	Hands on approach d.	Ability to collaborate and objectively navigate through the various stakeholders both internal and externally to deliver results
Interested candidates send me your updated resume to chowdaiah.rabcconsultants.in
without changing subject line
Regards, Chowdaiah 9611959995
Keywords: ADM or Account delivery Manager or
CNR
or Chemical Natural Resource
Company Profile
http://www.abcconsultants.in
CMMI Level5 Company
Contact Details
Company Name:
ABC Consultants Pvt Ltd
Web site:
Executive Name:
Chowdaiah
Address:
Shop No. 2, Viveknagar, Opp. Bajaj Auto,
Near Akurdi Post Office, Akurdi, Pune
PUNE,Maharashtra,India
Telephone:
9591788744
View more Jobs in:
|
Ths job posted here is submitted either by the clients of Ritz Consultant or individual/consultant/freelancers. Ritz Consultant takes no responsiblity of authenticity of Jobs Posted here as we offer free job postings. Users are advised to research bonafides of advertisers independently. Ritz Consultant will not have any responsibility in this regard. We recommend that you visit Terms & Conditions and the Security Advice for more comprehensive information.
Please note: This is not advertisers contact form. This is complain form. Your message will be sent to administrators to let them review this ad.
Your full name *
Your email address *
Your message *
* - Fields with * are required
Jobs From Most Popular Cities
Jobs By Functions
Jobs By Industry
Jobs By Keywords
All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners.