Sr Software Engineer Job in Hyderabad,
IT Career, All Jobs in CA Technologies
Candidate registration
Login Forgot password
Forgot password
Sign in Candidate registration
OR
Search our 587 Open jobs today
What:
Where:
Let us find a job for you
One-Click-Join our Talent Community and let us find a great job for you. You'll get inside info on the latest jobs and we'll be able to find you when we're hiring.
Sr Software Engineer job
in Hyderabad
CA Technologies provides IT management solutions that help customers manage and secure complex IT environments to support agile business services. It’s our aim to encourage global collaboration and innovation while supporting and developing our talented workforce. CA Technologies empowers its employees to drive success for both the business and themselves.
Requisition ID:
46063
Job Function:
IT
Country:
India
City:
Hyderabad
City:
Hyderabad B1Nanakramguda
Post Date:
05/03/2014
Job Overview:
Designation: Senior Software Engineer CA Chorus is an award winning, Web 2.0 compliant, system management solution developed using J2EE technologies. It is characterized by its role-based integrated management workspace, rich data visualization and analysis, modern GUI and knowledge base management and collaboration capabilities, thereby redefining the premise of managing and maintaining Dynamic Data Centers.The ITC team is working on CA Chorus right from inception as part of its Mainframe 2.0 strategy and contributed to several successful releases (viz., R1, R2, R2.5 and R3) and owning many new capabilities in the release under developmentWe are looking for bright, energetic Scrum Team member to join our team in Hyderabad, which is an integral part of a global development setup that spans US, India and Prague and owns several key Chorus functionalities.
We follow Agile Scrum development model.Scrum Team member in this team shall own key Chorus features end to end, either individually or as part of a team; right from concept, to functional specification, to design, coding and testing and to final delivery of the new features. They shall in turn be responsible for addressing nonfunctional requirements such as performance and scalability and fixing any customer reported issues as well. Key Responsibilities:
5+ years of professional software development experience, preferably with some exposure to commercial web based software product development. Experience with entire software development lifecycle including requirements, specification, documentation, testing, release and maintenance. Strong knowledge of architecture and components of z/OS (viz. TSO/E, ISPF, JCL, z/OS file access methods and data set types), Emulator and REXX/USS shell scripting. Basics of SMP/E for installs on Mainframe, Network Communications and Storage Management. Knowledge on Core Java and J2EE, Jboss and Eclipse IDE will have added advantage. Self-sufficient in backend (Oracle/DB2): queries, procedures, triggers etc. Exposure to Teiid would be added advantage. Good knowledge on Windows and Linux Programming/Administration. Working knowledge on Maven build tool is preferred. Exposure to IBM RTC and Teamcity will have added advantage. Strong debugging/diagnostic and analytical skills. Excellent communication and interpersonal skills. Working experience in Agile Scrum methodology is must. Certifications in Agile scrum methodology are preferred. Strong work ethic, flexibility, proven attention to quality and detail
Preferred Education: Bachelor's Degree or global equivalent in Computer Science or related discipline.
Master's degree or global equivalent a plus.If you want to fulfill your potential, be acknowledged for your achievements, and be given autonomy to make decisions for your business and customers; if you want to work with a company that respects you as an individual - recognizing both your needs at work and your responsibilities outside of it - then CA Technologies is where you belong.
At CA Technologies your passion and expertise can directly impact the business and you'll help offer our customers practical approaches to delivering new, innovative services and value through IT.
Learn more about CA Technologies and this opportunity now at http://ca.com/careers Note to Recruiters and Placement Agencies:
CA Technologies does not accept unsolicited agency resumes. Please do not forward unsolicited agency resumes to our website or to any CA Technologies employee. CA Technologies will not pay fees to any third party agency or firm and will not be responsible for any agency fees associated with unsolicited resumes. Unsolicited resumes received will be considered property of CA Technologies and will be processed accordingly.
Not ready to apply?
Featured jobs
|
Houston, Texas
|
Cornella
|
Southfield, Michigan
|
Bangalore
|
Hyderabad
Jobs by category
(232) (90) (63) (18) (14) (13) (12) (8) (5) (5) (2) (1)
Browse by location
Browse by locations Browse by sectors
(358) (116) (30) (22) (11)
Copyright ©2013 CA. All rights reserved.
Sign in Candidate registration