Solution Center Consultant Job in Hyderabad,
Services Career, All Jobs in CA Technologies
Candidate registration
Login Forgot password
Forgot password
Sign in Candidate registration
OR
Search our 587 Open jobs today
What:
Where:
Let us find a job for you
One-Click-Join our Talent Community and let us find a great job for you. You'll get inside info on the latest jobs and we'll be able to find you when we're hiring.
Solution Center Consultant job
in Hyderabad
CA Technologies provides IT management solutions that help customers manage and secure complex IT environments to support agile business services. It’s our aim to encourage global collaboration and innovation while supporting and developing our talented workforce. CA Technologies empowers its employees to drive success for both the business and themselves.
Requisition ID:
45206
Job Function:
Services
Country:
India
City:
Hyderabad
City:
Hyderabad B1Nanakramguda
Post Date:
04/25/2014
Key Responsibilities
Utilize Services Best Practices to accurately and efficiently administers products of chosen expertise as a single Business Unit multi-product solution within the client environment. Serve as a Subject Matter Expert (SME) for application security access provisioning solutions and audit compliance. Meet or exceed customer expectations by delivering a solution that addresses the client's business requirements within the "Scope of Work" agreed to by CA Technologies and the Customer. Effectively troubleshoot technical implementation issues for solutions of chosen expertise. Actively engage as part of the project team with the purpose of contributing product and solution expertise, and to provide project planning support as required to deliver a successful client engagement, following the Project Manager (when applicable) directive. Ability to interact with Support in order to open and track product issues when necessary. Adhere to Time and Expense Policy. Serve as a mentor to Associate Services Consultants and Services Consultants who are actively engaged as part of the project team on assigned client engagements. Help build the knowledge base in the Practice communities in which you choose to participate in - including lessons learned, best practices, tools, and methods and learning events using SharePoint as the enabling technology. Adhere to all company policies, including but not limited to Code of Conduct/Ethics, Security and any required training available.
Typical Role Definition Professional Staff. A senior level professional role. Evaluation, originality or ingenuity required. Knows and applies the fundamental concepts, practices, and procedures of Information Security Systems. Has mastered the key responsibilities. Assignments can be broad in nature. May serve as a resource to others, including the client, to resolve complex problems and issues. Instructions generally provided in general terms. May take on project lead role as required. Job-Specific Authority and Scope
Generally works without consulting their manager. Works closely with a Project Manager(s) Independent decisions are made daily. Examples of typical decisions without manager consultation:
Decision regarding product and/or solution installation and configuration in client environments. Decision regarding product and/or solution integration to meet client requirements. Determine ability of solution to meet requested client expectations.
Typically has no direct reports. Typically has no total staff. Typically does not manage a budget.
Business Travel and Physical Demands Business travel of approximately 0 to 25 percent yearly is expected for this position. Physical demands:
Office environment. No special physical demands required.
Preferred Education Bachelor's Degree or global equivalent in Computer Science or business related field. Work Experience Typically 5 or more years of work experience as an IT or Information Security professional. Educated in Information Technology with preferable a minimum of 3 years of Identity & Access Management, Single Sign on and/or Governance experience in an enterprise environment.
Strong business knowledge is required to properly align CA Technologies Solutions with customer requirements and expectations. Skills & Competencies
Demonstrate ability to engage in hands-on implementation of software technology at a complex level for single Business Unit multi-product solutions and/or cross Business Unit multi-product integrated solutions of chosen expertise. Understanding of security practices and risk management. Understanding of information systems and security infrastructure and associated key security challenges a plus. IT Security administration/support experience a plus. Proven comprehension of relevant solutions capabilities and how the solution is designed to be integrated into the client environment. Possess advanced technology troubleshooting skills for products of chosen expertise and for complex integrated solutions. Ability to understand and communicate how solution(s) of chosen expertise resolve typical client business needs. Execute an above average business level of written and oral professional communication in local language and/or English.
Certifications
Within first 90 days must achieved CA Technologies product training and certification in chosen solutions of expertise as agreed to by your Manager. Also complete all associated solution training. External hardware, operating system or specific IT Security technology certifications are a plus. Must maintain updated training as required annually. Demonstrated product proficiency, by achieving either a Professional or Business Analyst level CA Services Certification (or similar technical accreditation) or CA Services work experience may substitute for external work experience, as determined by CA Services in its discretion.
If you want to fulfill your potential, be acknowledged for your achievements, and be given autonomy to make decisions for your business and customers; if you want to work with a company that respects you as an individual - recognizing both your needs at work and your responsibilities outside of it - then CA Technologies is where you belong.
At CA Technologies your passion and expertise can directly impact the business and you'll help offer our customers practical approaches to delivering new, innovative services and value through IT.
Learn more about CA Technologies and this opportunity now at http://ca.com/careers Note to Recruiters and Placement Agencies:
CA Technologies does not accept unsolicited agency resumes. Please do not forward unsolicited agency resumes to our website or to any CA Technologies employee. CA Technologies will not pay fees to any third party agency or firm and will not be responsible for any agency fees associated with unsolicited resumes. Unsolicited resumes received will be considered property of CA Technologies and will be processed accordingly.
Not ready to apply?
Featured jobs
|
Hyderabad
|
Bangalore
|
Houston, Texas
|
Southfield, Michigan
|
Cornella
Jobs by category
(232) (90) (63) (18) (14) (13) (12) (8) (5) (5) (2) (1)
Browse by location
Browse by locations Browse by sectors
(358) (116) (30) (22) (11)
Copyright ©2013 CA. All rights reserved.
Sign in Candidate registration