Job Account Delivery Manager - SM Level - Healthcare Domain Premium Chennai, Hyderabad / Secunderabad HR
Plot No. IT -
25,
IT Park
Dehradun
DEHRADUN,Uttaranchal,India - Ritz Consultant Jobs (458609)
|
Candidates:
|
|
Employer:
|
Account Delivery Manager - SM Level - Healthcare Domain
Premium
|
Summary
Experience:
15 to
20
yrs.  |  Opening(s): 2
Posted on: 24 Feb
Location
Chennai, Hyderabad / Secunderabad
Education
UG - Any Graduate
PG - Any Postgraduate
Doctorate - Doctorate Not Required
Industry Type:
IT-Software
/
Software Services
Salary:
Not Disclosed by Recruiter
Functional Area:
Farea:
IT Software - Other
Posted Date:
24-Feb-2014
Desired Candidate Profile
Overall 15 to 20 years of experience in IT services
Solid Healthcare Domain Experience Project/Program Management Experience in handling large Engagements. At least 2+ years of direct client facing/onshore experience in lead roles. Technology stacks:
Custom (Non ERP)
Industry
Location -
Job Description
1. Global Delivery Management: a. Proven experience in global delivery of ADM services
ERP/Custom software environment b. Solid Industry Domain Knowledge in at least one vertical c. Should have managed teams from client site to offshore in delivering large programs d. Strong Analytical/Problem solving skills e. Good understanding of Project Financials and key levers that influence profitability f. Manage delivery in multivendor environment g. Knowledge of software quality process / CMM h. Proven track record of managing project deliverables on time, under budget and quality i. Pro-active Risk and Escalation Management j. Accountable for CSAT 2. Client Management a. Strong Communication skills and ability to confidently communicate a point of view b. Strong understanding of key client stakeholders/organization and the Power Map Equations c. Ability to quickly get plugged into the Account team and gain understanding of Account Plan and key client and internal stakeholders d. Ability to listen to a client and arrive at a Problem Definition/Business Case e. Proven experience in deal process
presales, solution and contract process f. Strong Representative of the Organizations Brand g. Grow into the Trusted Advisor position h. Experience in Contract/Commercial Management. Ability to engage with Contract Management/Legal teams as appropriate i. Escalation Management j. Front ending and qualifying new opportunities. Be on the constant lookout for Up Selling/Cross Selling other offerings k. Well versed with the industry dynamics and knowledgeable about emerging trends
3. Personality
a. Good Communication and Problem Solving skills b. Should be hands on, get into details of engagements. Rolling up sleeves when necessary c. Collaborative approach, both within the firm and with the client organizations d. Constantly keep developing the network within the firm and client site e. Ability to objectively navigate through the various stakeholder equations and deliver results f. Well versed in project financials
Keywords: Account Delivery ManagerGlobal Delivery ManagementCommercial Management Contract Management Escalation Management software quality processProject Financials
Company Profile
Leading Client of HR Access Consulting
Contact Details
Company Name:
Premium
Web site:
Executive Name:
HR
Address:
Plot No. IT -
25,
IT Park
Dehradun
DEHRADUN,Uttaranchal,India
Telephone:
9815324468
View more Jobs in:
|
Ths job posted here is submitted either by the clients of Ritz Consultant or individual/consultant/freelancers. Ritz Consultant takes no responsiblity of authenticity of Jobs Posted here as we offer free job postings. Users are advised to research bonafides of advertisers independently. Ritz Consultant will not have any responsibility in this regard. We recommend that you visit Terms & Conditions and the Security Advice for more comprehensive information.
Please note: This is not advertisers contact form. This is complain form. Your message will be sent to administrators to let them review this ad.
Your full name *
Your email address *
Your message *
* - Fields with * are required
Jobs From Most Popular Cities
Jobs By Functions
Jobs By Industry
Jobs By Keywords
All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners.