Managed Services Manager - India Career Portal
India
Connect with us. Connect to your career.
Managed Services Manager
Bangalore, Hyderabad, India
Ref#: 144595
Provide leadership for technical team within ITO-I services teams. The team is responsible for applications running on ITO-I owned infrastructure supporting LCM teams and enablement teams within AT&T. While the candidate will need some technical knowledge to communicate with the team and with IT Development and others, this is a team leader role and requires good people skills, task and resource management, flexibility in working hours and able to communicate well through voice and presentations, and a willingness to continually improve the way we work using automation and process improvements to drive improvements. The candidate will be working with other team leaders within the organization and supported to deliver the best support to enable the applications to be available for their user community.
Kindly note : The successful candidate will have to work with people from all over the globe.
Video - AT&T by the Numbers
More about us
© 2013 AT&T Intellectual Property. All rights reserved. AT&T, AT&T logo and all other marks contained herein are trademarks of AT&T Intellectual Property and/or AT&T affiliated companies.
AT&T has policies against unlawful discrimination and harassment on the basis of race, color, religion, national origin, sex, age, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, marital status, citizenship status, creed, military status, veteran status, disability or any other protected characteristic.
It is your legal right to suppress, rectify and update any information that you send you us. In order to do so, you must send an e-mail to the following account: . You have the right to access the information provided, without cost every 6 months; or less, if you have a reasonable cause for such request.
I hereby give my consent to AT&T to share the submitted information with any of the AT&T subsidiaries.
AT&T By The Numbers