Job Technical Architect Binary Berries Resources Hyderabad / Secunderabad Rahul Deo Bharadwaj Mohaba Bazar, GE Road.
RAIPUR,Chhattisgarh,India - Ritz Consultant Jobs (458578)
|
Candidates:
|
|
Employer:
|
Technical Architect
Binary Berries Resources
|
Summary
Experience:
10 to
15
yrs.
Location
Hyderabad / Secunderabad
Education
UG - Any Graduate - Any Specialization, Graduation Not Required
PG - Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required
Doctorate - Any Doctorate - Any Specialization,
Industry Type:
FMCG
/
Foods
/
Beverage
Salary:
INR 15,00,000 - 25,00,000 P.A. as per industry standards
Functional Area:
Farea:
IT Software - Application Programming,
Maintenance
Posted Date:
24-Feb-2014
Desired Candidate Profile
CRM, Shopping Cart, Payment gateway, Website Themes and online billpay system building experience
5) Expert level of experience with ANDROID, PHP,JAVA, JavaScript, HTML, CSS, Cloud services
6) Use opensource technologies as much as possible
Job Description
9+ years of experience in a Senior, Architect, Lead Developer role preferably with a Startup
eCommerce website development experience (must have).
Manage building, testing and supporting mission critical retail website . details on the blog
Keywords: technical architect
Company Profile
http://www.binaryberriesresources.blogspot.in
our client is a well established us based group of companies. this opening is for their upcoming retail online business. complete details are on the blog please have a look
Contact Details
Company Name:
Binary Berries Resources
Web site:
Executive Name:
Rahul Deo Bharadwaj
Address:
Mohaba Bazar, GE Road.
RAIPUR,Chhattisgarh,India
Telephone:
919849128646
View more Jobs in:
Ths job posted here is submitted either by the clients of Ritz Consultant or individual/consultant/freelancers. Ritz Consultant takes no responsiblity of authenticity of Jobs Posted here as we offer free job postings. Users are advised to research bonafides of advertisers independently. Ritz Consultant will not have any responsibility in this regard. We recommend that you visit Terms & Conditions and the Security Advice for more comprehensive information.
Please note: This is not advertisers contact form. This is complain form. Your message will be sent to administrators to let them review this ad.
Your full name *
Your email address *
Your message *
* - Fields with * are required
Jobs From Most Popular Cities
Jobs By Functions
Jobs By Industry
Jobs By Keywords
All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners.