Job Infrastructure Project Management Premium Noida, Bengaluru/Bangalore, Hyderabad / Secunderabad, Chennai HR
#117 / 261, Kilpauk Garden Road
Kilpauk
Near Chennai Corporation School
CHENNAI,Tamilnadu,India - Ritz Consultant Jobs (458575)
|
Candidates:
|
|
Employer:
|
Infrastructure Project Management
Premium
|
Summary
Experience:
9 to
14
yrs.
Posted on: 24 Feb
Location
Noida, Bengaluru/Bangalore, Hyderabad / Secunderabad, Chennai
Education
UG - Any Graduate - Any Specialization
PG - Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, Post Graduation Not Required
Doctorate - Doctorate Not Required
Industry Type:
IT-Software
/
Software Services
Salary:
Not Disclosed by Recruiter
Functional Area:
Farea:
IT Software - QA & Testing
Posted Date:
24-Feb-2014
Desired Candidate Profile
Requirement Specifications:	Experience in IT- Infrastructure Projects. Infrastructure domain knowledge is essential	Knowledge in preparing / developing project schedules, estimation, establishing measures and milestones, definition, scoping, tracking etc 	Exposure to data center migration/consolidation, transition, infrastructure deployment and management 	Experience in managing projects through use of processes like risk management, quality management, Issue/problem management & Scope change management 	Exposure to MS Project Plan	PMP, PRINCE2, CAPM, MS project, ITIL & Six Sigma certified candidates will get preference 	Good communication, presentation & leadership skills 	Must have exposure to offshore delivery models	A person with multiple technical work experience in Unix, Wintel, End-user desk top environment and networking would be preferred 	Ability to do remote project management teams through different geographies.	Proficient in Project management tools & processesCompanies to Target: (EMC, Wipro, HP)Preferred Work Experience : 8 to14 years of experience in IT Industry, out of which atleast 3 years of exp. in project delivery/management.
Job Description
Primary Responsibilities :
Responsible for requirements gathering & high-level scoping of project
Responsible for requisition for resources with right skill set for the project
Responsible for estimating, planning and scheduling the project
Responsible for submitting a clear statement of work along with project plan including cost & schedule estimates for approval from customer
Monitoring and tracking project schedule and budget
Updating project schedules and budgets
Project reporting and updating the database
Responsible for managing stakeholders and updating them on project progress
Keywords: Infrastructure Project ManagementMS Project PlanQuality Management Problem Management PMP PRINCE2CAPMMS project ITIL Six Sigma
Company Profile
Leading client of HR Access Consulting
Contact Details
Company Name:
Premium
Web site:
Executive Name:
HR
Address:
#117 / 261, Kilpauk Garden Road
Kilpauk
Near Chennai Corporation School
CHENNAI,Tamilnadu,India
Telephone:
8586926532
View more Jobs in:
|
|
|
Ths job posted here is submitted either by the clients of Ritz Consultant or individual/consultant/freelancers. Ritz Consultant takes no responsiblity of authenticity of Jobs Posted here as we offer free job postings. Users are advised to research bonafides of advertisers independently. Ritz Consultant will not have any responsibility in this regard. We recommend that you visit Terms & Conditions and the Security Advice for more comprehensive information.
Please note: This is not advertisers contact form. This is complain form. Your message will be sent to administrators to let them review this ad.
Your full name *
Your email address *
Your message *
* - Fields with * are required
Jobs From Most Popular Cities
Jobs By Functions
Jobs By Industry
Jobs By Keywords
All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners.