Production In-charge and Deputy Manager Accounts Jobs in Dawnbread, Gujranwala, Pakistan | JI138226
Job Seeker Login:
|
If you're looking to post a job or searching resumes, go to our employer website
Production In-charge and Deputy Manager Accounts Jobs in Multi Locations
Company Name
Dawnbread
Company Industry
FMCG/Foods/Beverages
Job Functional Area
,
Job Title
Production In-charge and Deputy Manager Accounts
Job Location
, ,
Minimum Experience
Must be Experienced
Posted on
May 04, 2014
Last Date to Apply
May 10, 2014
Job Description
Dawn Bread a renowned brand in FMCG is looking for following:
1- Production in-charge: (Lahore)
- Qualification: Graduate/ Diploma Holder.
- Experience: Min 5 years experience in FMCG production.
- Age not less than 30 years.
2- Deputy Manager Accounts: (Gujranwala)
- Qualification: MBA Hnance/ACCA/ACMA
- Experience: Minimum 6	years of Account/Management experience.
- Proven Deputy Account Management skills required in order to create, maintain and enhance relationships.
The candidate should have:
- Technical competence (understand software, hardware, networks, etc).
- Extremely detail oriented.
- Motivated, goal oriented, persistent and a skilled negotiator.
- Capable enough to take initiative & create conductive environment.
- Excellent written and verbal communication skills.
- Hand stressful situations and meet deadlines.
- Plans formulations and carrying out responsibilities with minimal direction.
- The candidate should be resident of Gujranwala or near areas.Apply Instructions for This Job
Send your resume latest by 10-05-14 at:
39-Quaide Azam Industrial Estate, Kot Lakhpat Lahore.
Email: Find Similar Jobs pre-requisites:
Cost Controller
Qualification: B.Com /ACMA/MBA or equivalent from an HEC recognized institute
Experience: Min. 6 Years of experience. Must have sou ... Finance Manager
- Minimum 15 years experience in Construction Sector
2- Sales Executive
- 3 to 5 years experience in Manpower / HR
3- Heavy & Light drivers
- ... individuals with 3+ years of experience in relevant positions to fill the following vacancies:
1- Receptionist (Female)
2- Accountant
- Preferably with 5 to 7
... preferably in general insurance.
Competencies and Skills:
- Knowledge of listed corporate accounting, regulatory reporting and taxation regime;
- Maintenance and st ... Supermarket Equipment Trading Company in Sharjah is in need of Accountant, Female, Indian/Filipino.
Pref. with 3-5 years UAE experience. Knowledgeable in Quick books ...
More Jobs
,
, ,
, Find Relevant Functional Area Jobs, , , , , , , , , , ,
* Your Full Name:
* Your Email Address:
* Friends' Email Addresses:
[Separate email addresses with comma, max 3 emails at a time]
Job Title:
Production In-charge and Deputy Manager Accounts
Add Note (Optional):
Log in to save this job, and find the jobs you saved already! If you are new at Careermidway.com, please
Email Address:
Password:
Enter your email address. You will receive a notification email with details on login information.
Enter email address
Post Comments on this Job
Relevant comments on this job are highly appreciated.
Please use personal name or nickname rather keywords in the name field.
Comments filling the fields with anchor text to spam this site and search engines may be edited, have URLs removed, or deleted entirely.
Your Name:
Your Email:
Show Email:
Check this to show your email address alongwith your name/comments.
Your Comments:
Enter Code*:
International Jobs
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
© Copyright 2014 All rights reserved Careermidway.com
|
|
|
|