Jobs in Gujranwala and Top
Career Opportunities in Gujranwala | PakAds
Search jobs:
Job title, keywords or company name
City, Country (Optional)Bahrain, Kuwait, Oman, Pakistan, Qatar, Saudi Arabia, and UAE
Jobs in Gujranwala
1 to 10 of 66 vacancies
Sort by:
| Relevance
Related Jobs:
, , ,
Tameer Microfinance Bank -
Gujrat
verification officer job duty is to cross verify the data of the clients files. Field Job Job Specification Minimum qualification is B.A or B.com. Must be...
25 days ago
AK Solutions -
Gujranwala
We are distributors of different well know companies in Pakistan...We are looking someone who can provides the services at the front desk and handling calls as...
22 days ago
PakSpace -
Gujrat
We are looking for a senior manager for a new start-up general store. Applicant should now about all phases and process of running a multi branch general store...
6 days ago
Roots Millennium Schools -
Gujranwala
Should have an excellent communication skills. Should be able to develop good working relationships with a wide range of people. Needs to be patient. Should...
28 days ago
Matco Rice Processing (Pvt) Limited -
Gujranwala
We are looking for a biomass power project BE Mechanical/Electrical Engineer for operation and maintenance of HP boiler and Steam turbine, A-Class boiler...
7 days ago
Skillglow -
Gujranwala
Schedule and Manage IELTS Classes Monitor IELTS Practice Sessions Co-ordinate with Students and Teachers Build a strong interaction with in the organization...
22 days ago
Genius Enterprises -
Gujranwala
We need a sales person capable of marketing our products to the clients and get orders from them. We are a website development company and we need a person who...
3 days ago
OCS (Pvt) Ltd -
Gujrat
THE CANDIDATE MUST BE A PROMPT RESPONDENT Company Information Company Name: OCS (Pvt) Ltd Description: Courier services provider
1 day ago
British Education & Training Systems (BETS) -
Gujranwala
Class Preparation & Delivery One-to-one Learner Support Admission Interviews Test Supervision & Marking. Timings: Afternoons Monday to Saturday. Skills...
2 days ago
Gujranwala
Hold at least a Bachelor’s degree, BBA degree holder & MBA will be preferred Should have at least one year of relevant work experience Handle daily reports and...
26 days ago
Get email alerts for
Jobs in Gujranwala
Your alert has been setup.
You have already setup newsletter.
You can cancel email alerts at any time. We will not share your email address with anyone.
1
Share Options
Search jobs:
Job title, keywords or company name
City, State (Optional)
About PakAds
Jobs in Pakistan
Jobs in Middle East
For Users
Copyright PakAds.net © 2013
Powered:
by