Sr. Executive Business Intelligence Job, Islamabad, ZONG - ROZEE.PK
|
View all jobs from
Sr. Executive Business Intelligence
,
Islamabad
|    |    |
Your application has been submitted successfully. Employer may contact you on .
Not a Member?
Upload your CV to apply for this job.
Step 1/2: Upload Your CV
CV Uploading...
Already a Member:   Login below
Find people you may know at ZONG
Job Detail
More Jobs From:
Industry:
Functional Area:
Total Position:
1
Job Type:
Full Time/Permanent
Department:
Engineering
Job Location:
,
Gender:
Doesn't Matter
Minimum Education:
Bachelor's Degree
Degree Title:
Bachelors in Computer Science
Career Level:
Officer
Minimum Experience:
3 Years (At least 3-4 Years experience of working in IT-BI Domain.)
Apply By:
May 16, 2014
Job Posting Date:
May 6, 2014
Jobs from Similar Employers
Job Description:
JOB PURPOSERequired to maintain and provide support for daily routine assignments and processes. Perform complaints and queries resolution from concern departments. Perform checklist based operational tasks. Perform routine job associated with Marketing reporting, Adhoc and BI Reporting, operational issues resolution, respond to emails. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTABILITIESDaily Batch Verification including all Technical and business evaluation and trend analysisEscalations and NotificationsTo continuously monitor the post batch daily jobs, escalate & notify in case of any observed issue.Co-ordinate with vendors and CMPAK for the daily batch processing and reconciliationDesigning new BI reports as per user needs. Batch JobsBatch jobs are scheduled and monitored to ensure they run as needed and to completionQuery Optimization To ensure maximum output of data by using less hardware resources so that other users will be able to perform their day to day business in an efficient way.Ad-Hoc requirements from the Business usersReconciliation (BOSS vs. DWH)To perform daily reconciliation between BOSS db and DWH & to make sure no number is wrongly reported to commercial department Procedure writing/OptimizationPL/SQL scripting and new job development Business data sourcing /documentationComplete new data sourcing and proper documentation for future use
KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS & EXPERIENCE Qualifications/ Knowledge: Bachelors in Computer ScienceTraining: Oracle advance sql training, Team ManagementSkills - Generic: Should have potential to achieve results with personal efforts and team coordination.Can work under challenging environment and sustain pressures.Have focussed objective on accuracy, proficiency, and time management. Good analytical skills and good decision making.Effective communication skills.Skills- Job Specific:
Responsible, responsive and flexible enough to manage the tasks efficientlyAble to work in a team and have leadership qualitiesUnderstanding of System Development Life cycleResult oriented and meet targets on timeEffective communication and negotiation skill.Problem solving by providing timely solutions.Should have the skills for managing small and big change(s).Experience: At least 3-4 Years experience of working in IT-BI Domain.
ROZEE.PK
Would you like to receive free alerts for similar jobs?
Email:
Job Seekers
Send FeedbackWe would like to hear from you.
Copyright ©2014 ROZEE.PK - Jobs in Pakistan
- All Rights Reserved. - A Division of Naseeb Networks, Inc.
Reproduction of material from any ROZEE.PK pages without permission is strictly prohibited.
|
|
|
|