Mid Level Graphic Designer Jobs in Sanai Soft Solutions in Islamabad, Pakistan - Ref. 106331
Toggle navigation
Mid Level Graphic Designer Jobs in Sanai Soft Solutions in Islamabad, Pakistan
Mid Level Graphic Designer Job in Sanai Soft Solutions, Pakistan
Category
Job Type
Shift Timings
Requires Traveling
No
Career Level
Experienced (Non-Managerial)
Number Of Vacancies
2
Required Qualification
Graduate
Required Experience
3 Years
Salary Per Month
15,000 - 30,000 PKR
Posted on
06/05/2014
Last Date
31/05/2014
Company
Location
,
Job Description
We are looking for Graphic Designer with good working knowledge of Design tools and studios and *must* have at least 6 to 12 months of work experience as a graphic designer. There will be open calls to judge your creative skills, creative people are hard to shortlist from their CVs so most candidates will be called for Walk-in interviews. You Must make sure that you have got the right skills and experience that is required for this job before applying.
If you have following skill set this job is definitely for you!1) Inborn CREATIVITY... You should be an inborn creative person. You must be able to present your creative work (of any category) at time of interview or send us your portfolio in electronic format. We will consider those candidates who must have done some creative work by now that proves their creative skills. 2) Good knowledge of Graphic Tools... Adobe Photoshop, Illustrator, Coral Draw,Dreamweaver, Premier, HTML/CSS, Knowledge of After effects would be preferred. Be sure we will not be training you on these software’s. We expect you to know basic skills using any of professional suite / tool. We'd like candidate to learn creative techniques from us and be ready to explore new mediums of designing.3) PASSION for doing something NEW and DIFFERENT... Other than routine WEB / Software GUI designs You will be part of a team which produce Designs for FASHION, T shirts, Women! You will be trained by highly creative Fashion Art Designers and will be able to produce Rhinestone Designs (Search Google for better understanding) Individuals having degree in Fashion / Textile will be highly preferred. However Qualification will not be our selection criteria. Under graduates can also apply with full confidence if they meet above requirements.Note: Any one having experience in 2-3 firm with in 1 year should not apply, and more over experience will be verified from HR department.
Job Specification
Should have at least 6 months experience with verified portfolio in required fieldsYou must have at least 6 months of working experience as a Web / GUI graphic designer.Should have good Communication skillsYou must have working knowledge of popular Design Studios and tools.You must be willing to explore and work on new design software.This job is for a Mid level. If you are not willing to join with offered range of salary (given is job specifications) Please Do not apply.
×
Warning!
Do not make any payment to any company, a genuine employer will never ask you to pay in any case. ()
Jobs by Category
Jobs by Type
Jobs by Shift
Jobs in Pakistan
Jobs in Middle East
Other Tools
Copyright © 2014
All Rights Reserved -
- A Project of
×
Members Logon