PHP Web Developers Mid Level Jobs in Sanai Soft Solutions in Islamabad, Pakistan - Ref. 106320
Toggle navigation
PHP Web Developers Mid Level Jobs in Sanai Soft Solutions in Islamabad, Pakistan
PHP Web Developers Mid Level Job in Sanai Soft Solutions, Pakistan
Category
Job Type
Shift Timings
Requires Traveling
No
Career Level
Experienced (Non-Managerial)
Number Of Vacancies
2
Required Qualification
Bachelors Degree, Must have Computer Software Engineering Subjects including Advance Programming and RDBMS
Required Experience
2 Years
Salary Per Month
30,000 - 45,000 PKR
Posted on
06/05/2014
Last Date
31/05/2014
Company
Location
,
Job Description
We are looking for a Senior/Mid level Web Developer. Your Experience should purely based on Web application development. You must have Excellent knowledge of producing Web Applications in PHP Frameworks. Your abilities in Custom Code programming or Framework based programming should be at advance level. Developers who have got knowledge of popular frame work and willing to work in any of the relevant technology other than what they know should be considering to apply. If you truly willing to join any organization where Quality of work | Broad Vision | Your Desires to produce Exceptional Outstanding work will be truly recognized --- This is call for you. Please be aware We are looking for want a Skilled professional Developer / Programmer / Software Engineer! We are NOT looking for a Team lead or ManagerWe are looking for Code Magicians who can write amazing Code and make every given task possible in unbelievable time.who are not afraid to explore any thing new .... Bootstrap ... Responsive designs... JQuery... Android... Are you the one?Apply with confidence!
Job Specification
Senior level PHP DeveloperYou must have at least 3+ months of experience working as a team lead.You must have at least 1 main project done by yourself from scratch (Requirement Analysis + DB / Architecture Design + Development + Successful Implementations + Revisions, Feedback)
×
Warning!
Do not make any payment to any company, a genuine employer will never ask you to pay in any case. ()
Jobs by Category
Jobs by Type
Jobs by Shift
Jobs in Pakistan
Jobs in Middle East
Other Tools
Copyright © 2014
All Rights Reserved -
- A Project of
×
Members Logon