Assistant Manager Warehouse Job, Islamabad, Makkays - ROZEE.PK
|
View all jobs from
Assistant Manager Warehouse
,
Islamabad
|    |    |
Your application has been submitted successfully. Employer may contact you on .
Not a Member?
Upload your CV to apply for this job.
Step 1/2: Upload Your CV
CV Uploading...
Already a Member:   Login below
Find people you may know at Makkays
Job Detail
More Jobs From:
Industry:
Functional Area:
Total Position:
1
Job Type:
Full Time/Permanent (First Shift (Day))
Department:
Commercial
Job Location:
,
Gender:
Doesn't Matter
Age:
26 - 33 Year
Minimum Education:
Bachelor's Degree
Degree Title:
BA/BBA/MBA
Career Level:
Experienced (Non-Manager)
Minimum Experience:
5 Years
Require Travel:
25%
Apply By:
May 31, 2014
Job Posting Date:
May 2, 2014
Jobs from Similar Employers
Job Description:
·
Ensure proper receiving and inspects all incoming materials, as to quality and quantity against freight documents and reconciles with purchase orders.·
Make sure all goods received or issued properly counts, weighs, and measures.·
Timely generate and distributes invoices and delivery note against purchase orders, and arrange timely delivery of goods to customer.·
Arrange inspection of products/goods received at customer premises in case of FCA orders.·
Maintains updated record in ERP inventory module with its designated location.·
To keep a tight control on stock movements (stock IN/stock OUT) and to have all items inventoried and issued correctly at all times.·
Reports, documents and tracks damages and discrepancies on ordered items received.·
Ensure quality of packing material for safe delivery of ordered items to customer.·
Maintain proper records of demo, backup and replacement items.·
Maintain regular, timely and accurate data of inventory available in ERP at all times.·
Maintain report of stock transferred to branches.·
Make sure nothing is delivered without invoice and prior approval of department head.·
Maintains safe and healthy work environment by establishing, following, and enforcing standards and procedures; complying with legal regulations.·
Secures inventory by protection and access policies and procedures.·
Resolve all receiving and shipping complaints to find the cause, help resolve the issue, and prevent reoccurrence.·
Strong follow-up of old delivered un-invoiced items/cases.
Skills Required:
•	Multi-task oriented. Excellent communication skills and problem solving abilities
•	Problem analysis and problem solving
•	Interpersonal skills
•	Ability to work in team and independently
•	Self-initiative
•	Attention to details
•	Strong work ethics and Values
•	Stress tolerance
ROZEE.PK
Would you like to receive free alerts for similar jobs?
Email:
Job Seekers
Send FeedbackWe would like to hear from you.
Copyright ©2014 ROZEE.PK - Jobs in Pakistan
- All Rights Reserved. - A Division of Naseeb Networks, Inc.
Reproduction of material from any ROZEE.PK pages without permission is strictly prohibited.
|
|
|
|