Procurement Assistant in Development Sector
Welcome Guest
|
|
Email
Password
Registered Users
1,204,182
Posted Jobs
33,814
Procurement Assistant
Development Sector
Posted :05 May, 2014
1,065 views
Experience: Minimum 2 yearsJob Location: IslamabadCountry: PakistanPositions: 1Job Type: Contractual
Department / Job Category: Procurement/Logistics
Last Date: 11 May, 2014
Salary: 71,026.85
General Functions
Under the overall supervision of the Program Manager and under the directives of the Resource Management Officer (RMO) the Procurement and Logistics Assistant will directly report to the Procurement and Logistics Coordinator in Islamabad for the implementation of the procurement and logistics procedures and assuring the procurement of all grants-specific items in the field.
Specific Duties and Responsibilities
Responsible for organizing and/or tracking the local procurements of goods and services/labor made in the field by PTI for grant specific projects. Coordinate local procurements with the field unit.
Track and monitor local procurements of goods and services/labors, made by selected contractors or grant specific projects.
Ensure that the hand-over documents of items procured by PTI to selected community implementing organizations are well documented.
Ensure that the hand over documents of items procured by PTI to selected community implementing organizations is well documented.
Ensure that the procurements related information is properly documented; vouchers for payments and other supportive documents should be filled and shared with the grants section.
Prepare success stories about local procurements and share the information with the field and grants section units for inclusion into database / weekly activity notes.
Analyze and advise, for new grant projects to be implemented, how to streamline local procurements.
Maintain and update a list detailing the costs of most common items procured in the field on a monthly basis.
Assist with the procurement of other items to be used by PTI
Other activities to be specified by senior PTI staff.
Implementing duty roaster of drivers and checking log book on daily basis.
If needed to Conducting bidding for grants and ensure the transparency and responsible to cancel the bid if found any regulatory.
Responsible to upkeep the warehouse and office maintenance.
Maintain the stationary record and fulfilling the request of staff regarding stationary demand.
Qualification and Experience
Bachelor’s Degree in Business Administration Degree in Social Sciences or Equivalent
2 years of experience in purchasing and contract management. Strong communication skills (verbal and written in English) with the ability to present concepts at functional and executive levels.
Ability to manage conflict and encourage collaboration.
Demonstrated team work, team facilitation
Demonstrated broad understanding of supply chain management with relevant commodity management experience
Languages
Thorough knowledge of English; working knowledge of Pashtu, or other languages spoken in the region will be an advantage
Hot Jobs
.....
.....
.....
.....
.....
Spotlight
Copyright 2014 BrightSpyre.com