Security Guard, Islamabad, United Nations Pakistan
;
Employment
|
|
|
|
|
Apply for this job:
Cover Letter:
Please wait while we upload your P11 Form.
Applying for Job
Already a Member: Sign In Here
New Member: Sign Up Here
If you already have an account on
you don't need to fill out registration form to create a new account. Simply login using your ROZEE.PK username or email address and password.
New Member
Dear Applicant, Sorry! You don't posses the required qualifications and work experience, and therefore can not apply for this position, however, we appreciate your desire to work for the UN system in Pakistan.
Do you have the minimum qualification and experience required for this job?
or
This is an internal job restricted to other applicants. Are you an internal Employee?
or
Dear Applicant, Sorry! You don't posses the requirement, and therefore can not apply for this position, however, we appreciate your desire to work for the UN system in Pakistan.
Register your official email:
Please enter your username and select domain from drop down list.
Your Email:
Select Domain
@unhabitat.org.pk
@iom.int
@un.org.pk
@wfp.org
@undp.org
@unhcr.org
@unwomen.org
@unesco.org
@pak.emro.who.int
@unicef.org
@fao.org
@ilo.org
@unic.org
@unodc.org
@un.org
@unido.org
@unfpa.org
@unops.org
Pease Verify your Email:
A Verification Code has been sent to your given Email Address, Enter the Verification Code below or follow the instruction in email.
Verification code:
Security Guard
|
Industry:
N.G.O./Social Services
Category:
Security
Total Position:
1
Job Type:
Contract
Department:
IOM
Job Location:
Islamabad
Gender:
Doesn't Matter
Minimum Education:
Matriculation
Career Level:
GS-1
Minimum Experience:
1 Year
Work Permit:
Pakistan
Apply By:
May 18, 2014
Posted On:
May 5, 2014
Job Description
Under the overall supervision
of Chief of Mission and under the direct supervision of Field Security Officer, the incumbent will perform following tasks:1.
Protect and guard office staff, premises and equipment.
2.
To inform the staff member upon arrival of their guests/ visitors.
3.
Inspect visitor bags and equipment thoroughly.
4.
Ensure that visitors are directed to the proper office/staff member. Unexpected visitors should be directed to the attention of Security focal point.
5.
Ensure that all offices and windows are locked, computers and other electronic equipment is properly turned off, up on departure of staff members.
6.
Persons who are not IOM staff members are strictly not permitted on the promises of IOM after-hours, on weekends or holidays, unless authorized/accompanied by a senior staff member of the office. IOM staff members should be logged in and out after office hours, on weekends and on holidays.
7.
Check all vehicles moving in and out of office premises.
8.
Immediately inform the security officer and security assistant about any unusual device if found in the car or attached with the car body.
9.
Check all the official equipment moving in and out of office premises with duly signed GATE PASS by CoM or RMO.
10.
Maintain a log of visitors to the office during office hours.
11.
Maintain a log of telephone calls and radio receptions during non-office hours, weekend and holidays.
12.
Occasional responsibility for taking telephone calls on a needs basis. All callers should be requested to leave their name, title, telephone number and, as appropriate, information concerning the subject of their call. This information should be passed to the Security focal point at the earliest opportunity.
13.
Unusual circumstances should be brought to the attention of the CoM and the Security Focal Point immediately.
SPECIFIC DUTIES & RESPONSIBLITIES
1.
All visitors have to leave a personal ID card at the gate before getting a visitor card.
2.
Be sure that entering and leaving times are registered in the protocol.
3.
Their bags and anything they carry with them has to be searched, both when entering and leaving.
4.
The person they want to see has to be informed before they are let into the offices.
5.
If above person is not available, they should be asked to wait in the reception area, and the reception person informed.
6.
All vehicles are to be search for any suspicious objects that do not seem to belong there, before entering the compound.
7.
The same procedure has to be impounded when the cars are leaving the compound.
8.
The passenger(s) have to go through the main gate, carrying their personal belongings and join up with the vehicle outside.
9.
No vehicles are allowed for parking in the street & in front of the office between the "No Parking" signs.
10.
At least once an hour the guard should make a round around the back of the buildings day and night.
11.
After office hours check the offices to ensure doors are locked, lights off and that everything is well.
12.
The guards should not enter the building when they are locked down for the night, when no staff is present.
13.
If a suspicious package or item is discovered, it should not under any circumstances be moved or touched.
14.
If in a car, the engine must be stopped, the security informed immediately, and the area around evacuated, until the situation is cleared.
15.
In case of fire call the Fire squad, security and evacuate the buildings.
16.
See to that the staff and all the cars are leaving the compound.
17.
In case of demonstration and other trouble, inform security and police.
EDUCATION & EXPERIENCE Secondary School DiplomaKnowledge of Urdu & English and other local languages
© 2014 United Nations. All rights reserved
in Pakistan