Teachers Required (Only Female) - Islamabad - PakProBiz.com - 46105
Teachers Required (Only Female) - Islamabad
Education / Training Jobs in Islamabad
>
>>>
COMPANY AD
Teachers Required (Only Female)
Job Offer: Education / Training JobsLocal area: Islamabad
We are working as an educational services provider. The concept of the professional teacher resource was derived while conducting a research on schooling system.
We are working as an educational services provider. Our focus is to create an environment with the collaboration of corporate sector and educational institutes through which provision of best human resource can be possible for educational institutes and corporate sector as per their desired level. Which increase productivity and performance of the department and as well as the organization’s profit or institute’s performance.
How To Approach Us:
in case of any concern please send an email at professionalteachersresources@gmail. com
Website: professionalteacherresource.blogspot.com/
Share:
Advertiser:Professional Teachers Resource
Location:
Islamabad, Islamabad Capital, Pakistan
List ID:46105
Date:Sunday, 4 May 2014
Shop safely! Read some tips .
You may also be interested in other 'Education / Training Jobs' ads:
We have required English teacher for class 5th to class 7th.
Only those people are apply who are interested in teaching
Company Name: Tameer-e-Millat High School Hangu
Position Type: Full-time
Experience: 2 - 3
Salary Range: Rs 5, 000 - Rs 7, 000 Monthly
Type: Teachers
Hangu
Khyber Pakhtunkhwa
The citizen Foundation required Females Teachers and Principals.
The citizen Foundation A well reputed Non Profit Educational Organization of the pakistan.
Organization needs candidates in over all different areas of karachi for its Educational schools North karachi, New Karachi, Nazimabad, North Nazimabad, Garden, Liaquatabad, FB Area, New Sabzi Mandi, Golimar, Khuda ki Basti, Taiser Town, Gulshan-e-Muammar, Sarjani Town, Nagan Chowrangi, Shahnawaz Colony, Ibrahim Goth. Kyamari, Maripur, Lyari, Agra taj colony, Hocks bay, Sultan abad, Bahria Naval society, Machar colony, Musharraf col...
Rs.20,000
Karachi
Sindh
I am offering my services as a tutor of 1 to10 classes accounting and b. maths/statistics to B. Com students at your doorstep.
Can Contact 0347-2011049
Karachi
Sindh
IELTS Most recent result GT test fauzia rizwan got 7. 0 band (006517)
In 1st attempt. And Tauseef got 7. 0 band overall.
It was his 2nd attempt. At 1st he prepared himself & got 5. 5 band.
Join SIR SM IMRAN tomorrow at sharae faisal. Never leave it for 2nd attempt like tauseef.
we actually want to save ur time & money.
For latest results visit ieltsinkarachi. weebly. com
IELTS / TOEFL preparation course classes teacher institute training center test exam tution center coaching in Karachi. UK spouse visa esol a1 b1 b2 c1 c2 level english test classes in Karachi. ...
Karachi
Sindh
Dear all if you are having experience in any field but donot having govt certification you can get it through AIMMS islamabad on experience /assignment base in short time. courses and fee call or visit us .
h. 955 street 47 sector G11/2 Islamabad 03005328609/0512112487
Rs.15,500
Islamabad
Islamabad Capital
© 2014 PakProBiz.com - Pakistan Online Marketplace
PakProBiz.com works best with JavaScript enabled