Female Teachers Required (Staff & Management) - Islamabad - PakProBiz.com - 46104
Female Teachers Required (Staff & Management) - Islamabad
Education / Training Jobs in Islamabad
>
>>>
COMPANY AD
Female Teachers Required (Staff & Management)
Job Offer: Education / Training JobsLocal area: Islamabad
We are working as an educational services provider. Our focus is to create an environment with the collaboration of corporate sector and educational institutes through which provision of best human resource can be possible for educational institutes and corporate sector as per their desired level. Which increase productivity and performance of the department and as well as the organization’s profit or institute’s performance.
How To Approach Us:
in case of any concern please send an email at professionalteachersresources@gmail. com
Website: professionalteacherresource.blogspot.com/
Share:
Advertiser:Professional Teachers Resource
Location:
Islamabad, Islamabad Capital, Pakistan
List ID:46104
Date:Sunday, 4 May 2014
Shop safely! Read some tips .
You may also be interested in other 'Education / Training Jobs' ads:
Teach and traing of new propects about the company work details and more. . . . .
Email: betterlife980 gmail. com
Hurry for apply. . .
Rawalpindi
Punjab
We need Female Teachers
Qualification: B. A to M. A,
M. Sc Maths
and Montessori Diploma Holder
Position Type: Full-time Experience: 1 - 2 Salary Range: Rs 5, 000 - Rs 8, 000 Monthly
Peshawar
Khyber Pakhtunkhwa
For Male & Females
Students, Part Timers, House wife, & Retired Peoples are Preferred
Teachers, Doctors, Engineers, IT related field, Needy etc. have Career Opportunities in various projects having departments Like
1.
Education
2.
Management
3.
Health
4.
Trainer s
Category 1 Master (Science & Arts)
Category 2 Bachlor (Science & Arts)
Category 3 Matric, Intermediate & Diploma Holders.
Note; Please read given fields carefully and show your intentions for selective one in interview call as well.
Head of Selection Department:
Hafiz Nazir Ahmed ...
Rawalpindi
Punjab
Tianshi International Organization Registered with
UNO
& Flag Holder of FDA, WHO, ISO, GMP, HACCP & Halal certified.
Company seeking confident, energetic & self motivated staff for their various projects.
Training Management
Education Promotion
Product Distribution
Healthcare
Office work & Marketing
Male / Females
(Part Time / Full Time)
No experience required , apply and have bright future.
Note: Govt. Servants, teachers, Doctors, Lawyers , Students, MBA and Professionals can also join for part time. Income depends on your abilities and hard working . ...
Rawalpindi
Punjab
We are working as an institute (group of professional teachers). our aim is to provide quality education to your child.
We are hiring professional teachers for different standards (from school to college)
Candidate must have at least 1 year experience in teaching before applying for the said position.
Toba Tek Singh
Punjab
© 2014 PakProBiz.com - Pakistan Online Marketplace
PakProBiz.com works best with JavaScript enabled