Teachers Required (Only Female) - Islamabad - PakProBiz.com - 46102
Teachers Required (Only Female) - Islamabad
Education / Training Jobs in Islamabad
>
>>>
PRIVATE AD
Teachers Required (Only Female)
Job Offer: Education / Training JobsLocal area: Islamabad
WHO WE ARE
We are working as an educational services provider. Our focus is to provide professional and expert management to our clients in order to make their institute at their desired level.
WHAT WE DO
We are highly encouraged those professionals who want to participate with us in creating an environment through which professional expertise regarding your field can be utilized at multiple plate form.
We are also encourage those new teachers or new candidates who have skills to teach, guide, coach, trained others.
HOW TO APPROACH US:
Educational institutes, professional and new candidate can be approached us in following way:
For Candidates:
Your Resume
Your Experience
Your Expertise In (Subject)
Standard (Class Standard You Can Offer Your Services For)
For Institutes:
School Profile
Number of Vacancies/Teachers
Subject (For Which Staff Required)
Management/Principal/Other staff would also be acquired
Please send your resume at:
professionalteachersresource(at)gmail(dot)com
Regards!
Professional Teacher Resource
Website: professionalteacherresource.blogspot.com/
Share:
Advertiser:Professional Teachers Resource
Location:
Islamabad, Islamabad Capital, Pakistan
List ID:46001
Update:Sunday, 4 May 2014
Shop safely! Read some tips .
LOADING . . .
You may also be interested in other 'Education / Training Jobs' ads:
Unicore international
We have many job opportunities like that (medical, computer+hardwere & software, office workers, teaching, education, accounts, marketing etc.
Our organization in which handsome salary package like (15000 to 30000). per month, part time & full time where your dreams come true. If you want to change your life, come to my office at 11am to 2pm with your documents & id card s copy &1600/fee, if you are selected then its ok otherwise your fee will bee returnable to you remember ! Limited seats are available & Our offices in all Pakistan
Office address # d ground near ...
Rs.15,000
Faisalabad
Punjab
FUTURE MAKER org.
Providing The Best Home Tutor Services for ACCA, FIA, A/O level, CIA, ICAEW, ACMA, M. Com, B. COM etc We Aim to educate rather than to sell. . . . . .
contact: 0334-futurem (0334-3888736) www. facebook. com/futuremaker. pk futuremakerorg gmail. com, futuremakerorg hotmail. com, futuremakerorg yahoo. com
Lahore
Punjab
we require home tutors from all big cities of pakistan, ,
Islamabad, , lahore , , karachi, ,
Rawalpindi, , faislabad, , Murree, , Wahcantt, , ,
also offering French Online Course in Rs 15000, , ,
You are anywhere in Pakistan and want to do French course, , IELTS , , , TOEFL on line , , , just click on djtutors. webs. com
Rs.10,000
Islamabad
Islamabad Capital
Required lady teachers of Maths, English.
for: Lahore,
Faisalabad,
Sheikhupura,
Gujranwala,
Gujrat,
Kharian,
Jehlam Rawalpindi.
- Make sure the candidate is a female - Have some experience of teaching Maths , English. subjects - Can handle class effectively and efficiently - The candidate should be a resident of nearer area of the school - Send Your CV with latest passport picture and expected salary.
Regards,
City School
Lahore
Punjab
We organize various short Engineering courses in Karachi.
Now we are willing to expand our network and want to offer more courses. Hence we invite those instructors/ trainers who are interested to coach/ teach different technical short courses in the afternoon/ evening timing. We have proper space at Ayesha Manzil where we conduct the courses.
The intention is that to provide up-dated & enhance knowledge of Pakistani technical persons which help them in their existing job as well as get better job in their respective field.
Interested persons can contact us so we have a meeting to ...
Karachi
Sindh
© 2014 PakProBiz.com - Pakistan Online Marketplace
PakProBiz.com works best with JavaScript enabled