Finance Assistant/Cashier in World Vision International
Welcome Guest
|
|
Email
Password
Registered Users
1,204,182
Posted Jobs
33,814
Finance Assistant/Cashier
World Vision International
Posted :04 May, 2014
2,998 views
Job Location: IslamabadCountry: PakistanPositions: 1Job Type: Full Time
Department / Job Category: Community, Social Services, and Nonprofit
Last Date: 11 May, 2014
Purpose of Position:
Ensure the completeness , proper filing and archiving  of financial documents while ensuring the ease of retrieval  of these documents during audits or as per any other requirement.
Ensure sufficient cash is available in the office for day to day cash needs. Arranging check and bank transfers for all the vendors and staff.
MAJOR RESPONSIBILITIES:
Maintenance of Financial documents
Coordinate with NO and field offices for the monthly financial documents.
To do the monthly Journal listing of all the NO and field office financial documents; stamping the vouchers with ‘Sunsystem Posted’ stamp and ensure all the documents are complete and ready for the audit.
Follow up with relevant staff for any missing vouchers. Ensure all the financial documents are filed properly and no loose vouchers left lying around the office.
Maintaining LDRs and verification with LDR allocation report received from Sr. Finance Officer on monthly basis. Maintain the tracking sheet and file with complete and correct LDRs of NO and the field office for each month.
Maintain files of lease agreement and rental contracts of WV offices, team house, warehouse and petrol pumps for National Office and the field offices.
Facilitate the internal and external audits in terms of documentation required & filing back the documents.
Cash book and Cash Flow Documentation Maintenance
Prepare cheques or Bank Transfer letters upon receipt of approved payment requests and getting it signed by the authorized signatories.
Making Cash payments to the staff/vendors upon receipt of approved payment request.
Ensure that petty cash fund is maintained within the approved limit as stipulated in the policy and replenished when required according to the policy.
Ensuring safety and security of the all cash and banking instruments like unused cheques, unpaid bills, vouchers, demand drafts etc.
Collect cash & checks on behalf of the organization and timely deposit with bank after approval of the Finance Manager.
Maintaining cash book and the bank book balances and reconciling it with bank statements at the month end and on weekly basis.
Filing bank statements, reconciliations and other correspondence with bank.
Making sure that cash counts and documents in safe are checked before any hand over.
‘Paid’ stamping of all the invoices and related documents before filing.
Timely filling of all the vouchers payment/receipt documents.
Weekly Cash Count in presence of Finance Manager.
OTHER RESPONSIBILITIES
Follow the World Vision’s financial policies and be knowledgeable of the manual.
Perform any other tasks that may be assigned from time to time by Senior Finance Officer, Finance Manager and Finance Director.
Education, Knowledge and Skills:
Diploma or Bachelor’s degree in Accounting
Accounting experience in an NGO environment would be an advantage
Knowledge of accounting systems and government tax reports.
Knowledge of basic accounting principles
Good computer skills.
Hot Jobs
.....
.....
.....
.....
.....
Spotlight
Copyright 2014 BrightSpyre.com