100% FREE SEMINAR ON 3G Mobile network (Rf planning and optimization) | Islamabad
Our
Aim
is " To Terminate the Word "Reference" from Job Market" | Our Dream is " Every Engineer and Professional get Job on Merit" | Our Salute To Strugglers "No Reference Engineers and Professionals in Pakistan" | Good Luck Pakistan !
1 km
5 km
10 km
50 km
100 km
1,000 km
5,000 km
Search
Today 796
Jobs
Dear Job seeker , Welcome You on Career Point Pakistan. An Exclusive Collection of Jobs in Pakistan and Middle East. Create Your Profile on Our Website and Let the HR will be in Touch and Review Your Online Resumes.
We Welcome
Employer/HR , on Our Secure and Online Recruiting System for Posting Jobs. Submit Free Jobs with Us. "Apply On Line" Feature under each job Post help HR to hide their email address from Public. Must Choose Us. Thanks
100% FREE SEMINAR ON 3G Mobile network (Rf planning and optimization) | Islamabad
03/05/2014
Job Description
.  100% FREE SEMINAR ON 3G Mobile network (Rf planning and optimization) | Islamabad .
100% FREE SEMINAR ON 3G Mobile network (Rf planning and optimization)
7th may, 6 :00 pm , reserve your seat for free ,
just email or sms your name , qualification, experience , city–technical coordinator
mushtaq@sina.com.pk , # 0336-9820791.
Females and Males Both can Join it  : Must Share   .
More Jobs For Your Interest
Our
Aim
is " To Terminate the Word "Reference" from Job Market"
|
Our Dream is " Every Engineer and Professional get Job on Merit"
|
Our Salute To Strugglers "No Reference Engineers and Professionals in Pakistan"
|
Good Luck Pakistan ! CareerPoint Pakistan
How to Apply
HELP US ! Submit Free Jobs,Internships/Advertisement/Seminars/Trainings on Our Website
*   Follow CAREER POINT PAKISTAN Facebook Page for Daily Jobs Updates     *
Reserve your seat for free.
Just email or sms your name ,qualification,experience ,city-Technical coordinator
Email :  mushtaq@sina.com.pk
7th may, 6 :00 pm
Call Now #  0336-9820791
Help US ,If Your Company have any Jobs or Internships : Please share with Us, Send Us Your Queries , Messages & Jobs  on CareerPoint Facebook Page: Every bit of kindness will serve you on the day of judgement. Jazak Allah
CareerPoint.pk want to help those who are being ignored by others. For this we need support from other professionals. Can anyone….?  ” A huge number of Jobless individuals are sending requests for job. Kindly all those professionals who can make some recommendations or have vacancies in hand give their responses to Our Facebook Page or Email us “info@careerpoint.pk” ,so that we can send needy candidates resume.If You know any job, Share it with us by sending messages on Facebook or submit it on our Website.   Every bit of kindness will serve you on the day of judgement. Jazak Allah ”  Send Us Your Queries , Messages & Jobs  on Our Facebook Page
Do not Apply On line, Just send your CV’s on Email address mentioned above. Thanks
[Submit Free Jobs, Internships/Advertisement / Seminars / Trainings on Our Website]
By applying to this job you should agree to
Note for Job Seekers: The Job Posted on this Website collected from Print Media, Social Media,LinkedIn,Job Groups on Google and Yahoo.CAREERPOIN.PK exclude all Guarantee regarding the Job advertised with Public Email Addresses (gmail,yahoo etc).So Candidate should agree with our
mention on this Website.we accept no responsibility for the content or accuracy of such jobs nor do we make any representations by virtue of the contents of the Website in respect of the existence or availability of any jobs advertised.
More Jobs For Your Interest
Posted by:
Company:
State:
Location: Islamabad, Islamabad Capital Territory, Pakistan
Job type: Courses
Salary:
Job category:
-
-
-
-
Tags:
-
841 total views, 2 today Job expires in: 97 days
Apply for this Job
Name *
Email *
Message *
Upload resumé (zip, pdf, doc, txt, rtf)
Upload cover letter (zip, pdf, doc, txt, rtf)
Is fire “hot” or “cold”? *
100+ Countries Visitors of CareerPoint
Must Subscribe Our Daily Jobs
Enter your email address:Delivered by
Follow Us on Facebook
How popular is careerpoint.pk? See Our Ranking by Alexa
Free Advertisements (Contact Us)
Visit Our BLOG
Have you Receive Interview Call? When Your Receive any Interview Call or Email from HR/Recruiter. Must Send Us Your Messages and feedback on CareerPoint Facebook Page
Recent BLOG POSTS
Resume Categories
(1)
(8)
(49)
(18)
(1)
(1)
(2)
(2)
(69)
Popular JobsPopular Candidate’s CV’s for HROur Visitors from World
Recent News & Blog Posts
Can You Help Us? HELP US ! If You know any Job, Please Send us Message to Our Facebook Page. Let us know your Feedback, suggestions, complaints or report a problem in the website. Your feedback is very important for us and we check each and every message sent to us via email or Facebook.
Receive Job in Your Email Enter your email address:Delivered by
New Jobs
Copyright © 2014 CAREER POINT PAKISTAN.