Receptionist in Community Appraisal and Motivation Programme (CAMP)
Welcome Guest
|
|
Email
Password
Registered Users
1,204,182
Posted Jobs
33,814
Receptionist
Community Appraisal and Motivation Programme (CAMP)
Posted :02 May, 2014
1,028 views
Job Location: IslamabadCountry: PakistanPositions: 1Job Type: Full Time
Department / Job Category: Community, Social Services, and Nonprofit
Last Date: 11 May, 2014
Community Appraisal and Motivation Programme (CAMP) is looking for a Receptionist
(preferably Lady) for its Islamabad Office.
Applications may be submitted online at
by 11th May 2014. In your CV, please do mention the relevant work done by you.
CAMP is an equal opportunity employer. Women, members from minority groups and people with disabilities having job relevant experience and qualifications are especially encouraged to apply.
CAMP JD Form
Position:
Receptionist
Project Name/Department:
Administration
Location:
Islamabad
Reports to:
Admin Officer
Community Appraisal and Motivation Programme (CAMP) is a national non-profit and non-governmental organisation established and registered in May 2002, under the Societies Act of 1860 (Registration No. 192/5/2946). We work with some of the most underprivileged communities in Pakistan; responding to emergencies, improving access to quality health and education, creating livelihood opportunities and working closely with communities and government departments to promote human rights, peace and security.
Our Vision: To build communities where people can lead their lives with dignity, honour and without any discrimination based on class, race, religion or language.
Department Objective:   To provide efficient, cost-effective and high quality services and information to external and internal clients.
Contacts/Key Relationships: Internal at CAMP:  Chief Executive, Directors, Department Heads, Project/Finance/HR/ Admin Teams, all staff
External: Visitors, NGOs, Government Departments and private firms
Job Description
Job Summary:
The Receptionist is responsible for receiving visitors, operating telephone switchboard, perform secretarial duties such as typing, photocopying, filing, record keeping, attending meetings and taking minues.
Key Responsibilities:
Greet and guide visitors at the office, and project a positive image of CAMP
Answer and direct all incoming phone calls, and take messages when necessary
Maintain Timesheet, attendance sheet, call index in hard and soft format
Scanning, photocopying, dispatching the documents and letters as and when needed
Operate and maintain fax machine and other communicating equipment
Maintain stationary inventory.
Providing administrative support and maintain office files
Represent CAMP positively and professionally both inside and outside the organization.
Attend admin and other meetings as required.
Take part in training and self-development activities as agreed with supervisor.
Adhere to CAMP policies/procedures including finance, human resources, security, procurement and logistics
Perform other duties as assigned.
Working Conditions & Travel:
The position is based in Islamabad.
Person Specification
Education/Qualification:
Preferably Graduate from HEC recognized university
Experience, Skills & Competencies:
Minimum 1 year of receptionist/front desk related experience in public/private organisation preferably NGO/INGO/UN agency
Microsoft office experience (word, excel, outlook express, internet, PowerPoint)
Good interpersonal skills
Effective team player
Ability to work under stress
Experience of planning and organizing work
Time management and problem solving skills
Having organisational commitment, personal integrity, ability to work with diverse groups of people and respect for others
Hot Jobs
.....
.....
.....
.....
.....
Spotlight
Copyright 2014 BrightSpyre.com