Vulnerability Analysis & Mapping (VAM) Officer, Islamabad, United Nations Pakistan
;
Employment
|
|
|
|
|
Apply for this job:
Cover Letter:
Please wait while we upload your P11 Form.
Applying for Job
Already a Member: Sign In Here
New Member: Sign Up Here
If you already have an account on
you don't need to fill out registration form to create a new account. Simply login using your ROZEE.PK username or email address and password.
New Member
Dear Applicant, Sorry! You don't posses the required qualifications and work experience, and therefore can not apply for this position, however, we appreciate your desire to work for the UN system in Pakistan.
Do you have the minimum qualification and experience required for this job?
or
This is an internal job restricted to other applicants. Are you an internal Employee?
or
Dear Applicant, Sorry! You don't posses the requirement, and therefore can not apply for this position, however, we appreciate your desire to work for the UN system in Pakistan.
Register your official email:
Please enter your username and select domain from drop down list.
Your Email:
Select Domain
@unhabitat.org.pk
@iom.int
@un.org.pk
@wfp.org
@undp.org
@unhcr.org
@unwomen.org
@unesco.org
@pak.emro.who.int
@unicef.org
@fao.org
@ilo.org
@unic.org
@unodc.org
@un.org
@unido.org
@unfpa.org
@unops.org
Pease Verify your Email:
A Verification Code has been sent to your given Email Address, Enter the Verification Code below or follow the instruction in email.
Verification code:
Vulnerability Analysis & Mapping (VAM) Officer
|
Industry:
N.G.O./Social Services
Category:
Food Security
Total Position:
1
Job Type:
Fixed Term
Department:
WFP
Job Location:
Islamabad
Gender:
Doesn't Matter
Minimum Education:
Masters
Degree Title:
Master’s degree in one or more of the following disciplines: statistics, economics, agriculture, geography, or a related discipline.
Career Level:
NOC
Minimum Experience:
5 Years(At least five (5) years of postgraduate progressively responsible professional experience in the field of food security, vulnerability analysis, or a closely related area such as food security information management systems and or at least 1 (one) year experience at NOB level.)
Salary Range:
PKR. 300,000 to 350,000/Month
Work Permit:
Pakistan
Apply By:
May 18, 2014
Posted On:
May 2, 2014
Job Description
The Vulnerability Analysis and Mapping Unit (VAM) of WFP is responsible for conducting assessments and analysis on food security situation across the country in order to help informed decision making. WFP VAM unit in Pakistan has established itself as the leading source of evidence-based information on food security, based on various studies, assessments and monitoring. It is also playing an important role in collaboration with the Government of Pakistan, UN agencies and other stakeholders on issues related to food security.The Programme Officer (Vulnerability Analysis and Mapping) is the senior most national officer position within the VAM unit and is thus expected to play a major role in leading the VAM activities. He/she is responsible for supervising the assistant and conducting the annual performance review.Under the supervision of the Head of the VAM unit, the incumbent is expected to perform the following duties: Strengthen WFP knowledgebase and theunderstanding of food security and vulnerability issues at country levelcontributing to a better preparedness and response capacity to protect thelives and livelihoods of vulnerable communities that are at risk; Ensure the use of such knowledge toinform WFP decision making and contribute to country level work ofgovernment counterparts, civil society organizations, bilateral donors andUN agencies;Contribute to the establishment andmanagement of a food security and vulnerability monitoring system to detect changes in food security and vulnerability situation of populationsat risk;Contribute to the capacity development ofthe Government of Pakistan and other national organizations in foodsecurity analysis and policies;Lead and/or participate in food securityand vulnerability assessments, as well as other joint assessments;Contribute to analysis of temporal and spatial patterns of food insecurity and vulnerability analysis;Contribute to various informationproducts such as food security bulletin, emergency bulletin, marketreports and other thematic reports;Supervise staff and ensure that relevantstaff are adequately trained in order to achieve high working standards;Perform other related duties as required.Results Expected: With high degree of independence, a seasoned professional provides well prepared analytical work including preparation of quality documents to ensure timely delivery of assigned outputs; develops creative approaches to problem resolution; develops and maintains partnerships with colleagues internally and with other organizations in the area of responsibility to ensure smooth collaboration; provides sound analytical inputs and contributes to improving institutional capacity to address problems/issues pertaining to the area of work; provides guidance and/or supervises professional and general staff.Knowledge: Strong knowledge of food security analysis and the data collection, treatment, and manipulation techniques typically associated with it. Knowledge of policy issues to address food insecurity. Good computer skills including word processing, spreadsheet, database and GIS applications. Working knowledge of basic statistics. Good understanding of food security situation in the economic and social context of Pakistan. Language:Fluency in both oral and written communication in English and a good knowledge of local language, particularly Urdu.Desirable criteria:Advanced knowledge of statistical analysis including the use of statistical packages. Good command of qualitative and quantitative survey techniques. Experience in GIS and remote sensing. Strong coordination skills in dealing with partner organizations and couter parts. Experience in the design and implementation of food aid programme.
Job competencies:Action management, Communication, Ethics & Values, Teamwork, Client orientation, Interpersonal relations, Cognitive capacity, Stamina & Stress Resistance, Behavioural Flexibility.
© 2014 United Nations. All rights reserved
in Pakistan