Franchise Support Executive Job, Karachi, Mobilink GSM (PMCL) - ROZEE.PK
|
View all jobs from
Franchise Support Executive
,
Islamabad
|    |    |
Your application has been submitted successfully. Employer may contact you on .
Not a Member?
Upload your CV to apply for this job.
Step 1/2: Upload Your CV
CV Uploading...
Already a Member:   Login below
Find people you may know at Mobilink GSM (PMCL)
Job Detail
More Jobs From:
Industry:
Multinational
Functional Area:
Total Position:
1
Job Type:
Full Time/Permanent
Department:
CC-FRANCHISE SUPPORT
Job Location:
,
Gender:
Doesn't Matter
Minimum Education:
Bachelor's Degree
Degree Title:
Hold at least a Bachelor’s Degree. Master’s degree will be preferred.
Career Level:
Experienced (Non-Manager)
Minimum Experience:
5 Years (Have at least 5-8 years of relevant work experience.)
Apply By:
May 9, 2014
Job Posting Date:
May 6, 2014
Jobs from Similar Employers
Job Description:
The ideal candidate should:
Hold at least a Bachelor’s Degree. Master’s degree will be preferred.Have at least 5-8 years of relevant work experience.Job DescriptionMonitor performance of MSPs and franchises while ensuring that all targets meet in accordance with company requirements.Monitor inventory of SIM stocks by reviewing SIM inventory logs and ensuring accuracy at all times.Schedule and non-schedule visits to assigned franchise offices and assigned MSPs.Ensure franchise & MSP staff is updated on all processes and policies.Coordinate with other departments to ensure franchise & MSPs facilitation.Determine training needs of franchise staff and MSP/MSO/MSR staff in order to conduct/arrange training, when required.Conduct periodical visits at assigned MSPs as well as joint visits with MSOs.Conduct analysis, report and give feedback.Maintain relevant ambiance of franchises and MSPs.Update all concerns about the change in status of franchises (suspended / relocated / closed etc.)Essential Skills:Good customer handling skillsGood sales management skillsSound people management and coachingGood communication skills
ROZEE.PK
Would you like to receive free alerts for similar jobs?
Email:
Job Seekers
Send FeedbackWe would like to hear from you.
Copyright ©2014 ROZEE.PK - Jobs in Pakistan
- All Rights Reserved. - A Division of Naseeb Networks, Inc.
Reproduction of material from any ROZEE.PK pages without permission is strictly prohibited.
|
|
|
|