Programme Assistant GIS, Islamabad, United Nations Pakistan
;
Employment
|
|
|
|
|
Apply for this job:
Cover Letter:
Please wait while we upload your P11 Form.
Applying for Job
Already a Member: Sign In Here
New Member: Sign Up Here
If you already have an account on
you don't need to fill out registration form to create a new account. Simply login using your ROZEE.PK username or email address and password.
New Member
Dear Applicant, Sorry! You don't posses the required qualifications and work experience, and therefore can not apply for this position, however, we appreciate your desire to work for the UN system in Pakistan.
Do you have the minimum qualification and experience required for this job?
or
This is an internal job restricted to other applicants. Are you an internal Employee?
or
Dear Applicant, Sorry! You don't posses the requirement, and therefore can not apply for this position, however, we appreciate your desire to work for the UN system in Pakistan.
Register your official email:
Please enter your username and select domain from drop down list.
Your Email:
Select Domain
@unhabitat.org.pk
@iom.int
@un.org.pk
@wfp.org
@undp.org
@unhcr.org
@unwomen.org
@unesco.org
@pak.emro.who.int
@unicef.org
@fao.org
@ilo.org
@unic.org
@unodc.org
@un.org
@unido.org
@unfpa.org
@unops.org
Pease Verify your Email:
A Verification Code has been sent to your given Email Address, Enter the Verification Code below or follow the instruction in email.
Verification code:
Programme Assistant GIS
|
Industry:
N.G.O./Social Services
Category:
Operations
Total Position:
1
Job Type:
Service Contract (SC)
Department:
WFP
Job Location:
Islamabad
Gender:
Doesn't Matter
Minimum Education:
Matriculation
Degree Title:
Secondary school education preferably supported by a university degree in Geographical Information System (GIS), Space Sciences, Computer Sciences. A Masters degree would be an advantage
Career Level:
SC-5
Minimum Experience:
3 Years(Overall, at least three years of progressively responsible experience in the field of geographic information system, emergency mapping, spatial data analysis in particular context of education, food security, vulnerability analysis, emergency response mapping, humanitarian operations, or a closely related area. At least one year at G4 level or equivalent)
Salary Range:
PKR. 90,000 to 100,000/Month
Work Permit:
Pakistan
Apply By:
May 18, 2014
Posted On:
May 2, 2014
Job Description
Job Description: Under the supervision of Head of Vulnerability Analysis and Mapping (VAM) Unit or an official designated by him the Programme Assistant (GIS) will be responsible for the following duties: Assisting in development of
Pakistan Education Atlas (including Paper based as well as dynamic web-GIS
based version);Programming Web-Atlas according
to the client requirement; Managing web atlas architecture
and the backend database; Coordinating with government
counterpart for the relevant data/information and transforming in the GIS
system under the relevant indicator Coordinating and organizing
national as well as provincial workshop, consultative meetings and technical
trainings under the Project Tagging of Admin HQs (Districts
HQ, Tehsil HQ, UC, Villages) in the geo-database; Updating the administrative
boundaries for any change in administrative setup of Pakistan Correction and updating the
accessibility database particularly transportation features like roads,
bridges airfields etc Develop and maintain a map
center by archiving all maps and mapping products from WFP and other
mapping agenciesOther mapping activities as
required for the unit;Perform other related duties as required
Required Skills
Skills Required:
Fluency in both oral and written UN Language of the duty station (English) and in the duty station's language. Good skills in spatial data management and analysis. Good understanding in development of atlases and map books and tailoring them according to printing requirements. Knowledge Web GIS architecture and web programming languages along with technologies typically associated. Advanced computer skills, including at least intermediate skills in windows based word processing, spreadsheet and database.
Experience with organizations dealing with paper based as well as dynamic web based GIS atlases and map books. Knowledge of GIS software particularly ArcGIS 10, GeoServer, PostgreSQL and Post GIS, Apache Tomcat and programming skills in JAVA Scripting is a must. Knowledge of food security and emergency operations would be an asset.
Good analytical skills; ability to communicate clearly both orally and in writing; ability to work in a team and establish effective working relations with people of different national and cultural backgrounds. Flexibility in accepting work assignments outside normal desk description. Demonstrated ability to develop and maintain effective work relationships with counterparts and staff within the office, host population, donors, NGOs and other UN agencies; ability to establish priorities and to plan, coordinate and monitor own work plan and in a team. Ability to deal patiently and tactfully with people of different national, cultural and institutional backgrounds
© 2014 United Nations. All rights reserved
in Pakistan