Statistician in Sustainable Development Policy Institute (SDPI)
Welcome Guest
|
|
Email
Password
Registered Users
1,204,182
Posted Jobs
33,814
Statistician
Sustainable Development Policy Institute (SDPI)
Posted :30 April, 2014
649 views
Job Location: IslamabadCountry: PakistanPositions: 1Job Type: Full Time
Department / Job Category: Community, Social Services, and Nonprofit
Last Date: 07 May, 2014
Apply By:
Please visit our website
for employment application form and detailed job descriptions. The closing date is 07th May 2014. Applications may be submitted online.
Sustainable Development Policy Institute (SDPI) is a non-governmental, policy think-tank, which produces knowledge to enhance the capacity of government and private sector in making informed policy decisions and to engage civil society on issues of public interest.
Job Description of Statistician
Position
Statistician
Department
Research
Reports to
Associate Research Fellow
Reportees/Supervision
None
2.0   POSITION OBJECTIVES
The statistician is responsible for developing the data cleaning, entry and analysis procedures for the Alif Ailaan Data Observatory Project as well as providing all necessary IT support including revising the code for the online observatory as and when necessary.
3.0    JOB RESPONSIBILITIES, DUTIES AND TASKS
3.1    Core Responsibilities & Duties
Review all data collated by the data team and identify trends, outliers, statistical anomalies.
Recommend data cleaning techniques and data mining techniques to the data team
Recommend best standard graphical and tabular representations for the data.
Provide support for quantitative data analysis for advocacy material and research products
Participate in data analysis aimed towards producing research output based on data collated and uploaded on the web portal
Identify new data available for analysis and uploading
3.2    Occasional Significant Duties
Provide support during heavy data handling periods to the data team
Provide support during advocacy initiatives
4.0    JOB SPECIFICATION (MINIMUM JOB REQUIREMENTS)
Education
Masters in Statistics
Total Work Experience (In Yrs)
2-4 Years
Sector Experience (In Yrs)
1-2 Years
Skills
Strong in quantitative data and statistics
5.0    DECISION-MAKING & AUTHORITY
None
6.0    PERFORMANCE INDICATORS
Data mining
Data cleaning
Statistical inference techniques
Presenting data analysis
SDPI is an equal opportunity employer. Women, members from marginalized groups and people with disability having required experience and qualifications are encouraged to apply.
Apply By:    2
Please visit our website
for employment application form and detailed job descriptions. The closing date is 07th May 2014. Applications may be submitted online.
Hot Jobs
.....
.....
.....
.....
.....
Spotlight
Copyright 2014 BrightSpyre.com