Data & IT Specialist in Sustainable Development Policy Institute (SDPI)
Welcome Guest
|
|
Email
Password
Registered Users
1,204,182
Posted Jobs
33,814
Data & IT Specialist
Sustainable Development Policy Institute (SDPI)
Posted :30 April, 2014
1,233 views
Job Location: IslamabadCountry: PakistanPositions: 1Job Type: Full Time
Department / Job Category: Community, Social Services, and Nonprofit
Last Date: 07 May, 2014
Apply By:
Please visit our website
for employment application form and detailed job descriptions. The closing date is 07th May 2014. Applications may be submitted online
Sustainable Development Policy Institute (SDPI) is a non-governmental, policy think-tank, which produces knowledge to enhance the capacity of government and private sector in making informed policy decisions and to engage civil society on issues of public interest.
Job Description of Data & IT Specialist
Position
Data & IT Specialist
Department
Alif Ailaan
Reports to
Associate Research Fellow
Reportees/Supervision
None
2.0    POSITION OBJECTIVES
The Data and IT specialist is responsible for developing the data cleaning, entry and analysis procedures for the  Alif Ailaan Data Observatory Project as well as providing all necessary IT support including revising the code for the online observatory as and when necessary.
3.0    JOB RESPONSIBILITIES, DUTIES AND TASKS
3.1    Core Responsibilities & Duties
Review and document all relevant data collation, cleaning and uploading procedures being used by the Alif Ailaan team.
Identify process improvements in data processes.
Identify interesting ways of presenting data in different forms of infographics.
Manage the web portal (Pakistan Data Portal) including the front end as well as back end technical tasks.
Change the code for the portal to incorporate necessary changes as per the project requirements.
Support the data team (Research Assistants) to improve their usage of the online portal.
Help create advocacy material using graphic design tools based on infographics created  by the team.
3.2    Occasional Significant Duties
Provide support during heavy data handling periods to the data team
Provide support during advocacy initiatives
4.0    JOB SPECIFICATION (MINIMUM JOB REQUIREMENTS)
Education
Masters in Social Science (Economics, etc.) or Masters in Computer Sciences
PLUS
Training in software design, website design and management
Total Work Experience (In Yrs)
2-4 Years
Sector Experience (In Yrs)
1-2 Years
Skills
Strong in quantitative data and statistics
Strong in computer languages, website design and graphic design
5.0    DECISION-MAKING & AUTHORITY
In the absence of team leader will take over management of the data portal.
6.0    PERFORMANCE INDICATORS
Data mining
Data cleaning
Software coding
Website design
SDPI is an equal opportunity employer. Women, members from marginalized groups and people with disability having required experience and qualifications are encouraged to apply
Apply By:    2
Please visit our website
for employment application form and detailed job descriptions. The closing date is 07th May 2014. Applications may be submitted online
Hot Jobs
.....
.....
.....
.....
.....
Spotlight
Copyright 2014 BrightSpyre.com