Application Developer Jobs in Ubank - U Microfinance Bank in Islamabad, Pakistan - Ref. 106132
Toggle navigation
Application Developer Jobs in Ubank - U Microfinance Bank in Islamabad, Pakistan
Application Developer Job in Ubank - U Microfinance Bank, Pakistan
Category
Job Type
Shift Timings
Requires Traveling
No
Career Level
Experienced (Non-Managerial)
Number Of Vacancies
1
Required Qualification
BS or MS Computer Sciences Software Engineering
Required Experience
No Expereince
Salary Per Month
30,000 - 50,000 PKR
Posted on
30/04/2014
Last Date
31/05/2014
Company
Location
,
Job Description
The candidate will be the part of banking applications implementation and support team. The core responsibility is to act as a bridge between the business user and technology provider. The bank is working to provide core micro finance services and branchless banking services in Pakistan. The major systems implemented are core banking, branchless banking, middleware application & business intelligence system. The candidate must poses good analytical and communication skills to handle ongoing implementations and trouble shooting of issues. Bank also intends to develop in-house allied systems to support the core banking activities.
Job Specification
· Good knowledge on software development environment such as .Net or Java· Understanding of service oriented architecture & WSOA· Understanding of applications development environment, database, data management and infrastructure capabilities and constraints.· Ability to work on database systems such as Oracle· The ability to effectively communicate in English. (both written & verbal)· Candidate must be strong in development of large scale systems preferably in Java environment.
×
Warning!
Do not make any payment to any company, a genuine employer will never ask you to pay in any case. ()
Jobs by Category
Jobs by Type
Jobs by Shift
Jobs in Pakistan
Jobs in Middle East
Other Tools
Copyright © 2014
All Rights Reserved -
- A Project of
×
Members Logon