Telecom OSS System Maintenance Engineer Job, Islamabad, Exuberant Group - ROZEE.PK
|
Telecom OSS System Maintenance Engineer
Exuberant Group,
Islamabad
|    |    |
Your application has been submitted successfully. Employer may contact you on .
Not a Member?
Upload your CV to apply for this job.
Step 1/2: Upload Your CV
CV Uploading...
Already a Member:   Login below
Find people you may know at Exuberant Group
Job Detail
More Jobs From:
Industry:
Functional Area:
Total Position:
4
Job Type:
Full Time/Permanent (First Shift (Day))
Job Location:
,
Gender:
Doesn't Matter
Age:
20 - 30 Year
Minimum Education:
Bachelor's Degree
Degree Title:
Telecommunication/ISP
Career Level:
Entry Level
Minimum Experience:
1 Year
Salary Range:
PKR. 20,000 - 40,000/Month
Require Travel:
Not Required
Apply By:
May 20, 2014
Job Posting Date:
Apr 30, 2014
Jobs from Similar Employers
Job Description:
Exuberant Group is seeking engineers for its on-going technology consulting projects for the INSPUR group. Its a full time permanent role and will provide excellent salary package for right candidate plus overseas International training opportunities. We require fresh candidates. Maintenance engineer will manage the OSS with-in Telecom environment, will also gather and examine basic maintainability problem data from field studies or database, and merges the data into well defined repair techniques.
Skills Required: Operating System: Linux, UNIX.Database: Oracle.Programming: JAVATelecom knowledge as a background.Web development/designing knowledge as a background. Computer Networking
Responsibilities: Designing maintenance strategies, procedures and methods;Planning and scheduling planned and unplanned work;Diagnosing breakdown problems;Carrying out quality inspections on jobs;Liaising with client departments and customers;Arranging specialist procurement of fixtures, fittings or components;Controlling maintenance tools, stores and equipment;Monitoring and controlling maintenance costs;Dealing with emergency and unplanned problems and repairs;Writing maintenance strategies to help with installation and commissioning guidelines.
ROZEE.PK
Would you like to receive free alerts for similar jobs?
Email:
Job Seekers
Send FeedbackWe would like to hear from you.
Copyright ©2014 ROZEE.PK - Jobs in Pakistan
- All Rights Reserved. - A Division of Naseeb Networks, Inc.
Reproduction of material from any ROZEE.PK pages without permission is strictly prohibited.
|
|
|
|