MIS Manager in International Organization
Welcome Guest
|
|
Email
Password
Registered Users
1,204,182
Posted Jobs
33,814
MIS Manager
International Organization
Posted :30 April, 2014
1,840 views
Job Location: IslamabadCountry: PakistanPositions: 1Job Type: Contractual
Department / Job Category: Community, Social Services, and Nonprofit
Last Date: 30 May, 2014
Relevant Experience:
Degree in an IT-related field of study (M.Sc. Computer Science/ MIT/MCS), and/or comparable work experience and certifications.
Minimum of 7 years work experience in a relevant field, preferably with an international organization.
Fluent in spoken English and Urdu. Competent in reading and writing English.
Excellent human relation skills, integrity and ability to work with minimum supervision and under pressure.
Job Description:
Manage the IT staff to ensure that the office staff at all levels and in all locations have the support they need in terms of IT.
Establish IT systems and infrastructure at PTI new office property. This includes the design and implementation of cable and wireless networking.
Advise the senior management on all issues relating to MIS; this includes procurement of equipment and software, IT policy formation and communications.
Create and maintain a secure and reliable IT set-up within the entire organization, which includes Islamabad, and all field offices.
Provide technical assistance to PTI management in all areas related to IT within the context of program implementation.
Liaise with headquarters on IT related issues.
Support and maintain all IT related systems and equipment.
Oversee the configuration of equipment and software.
Maintain a consistent accounting of software license usage, request new license purchases when appropriate, and follow-up on all licensing-related issues.
Monitor and report on the implementation of various network construction, internet-service provision, and end-user support contracts.
Create scheduling projections, site survey reports, and other documents as required.
Train PTI staff on the program-specific IT tools and systems.
Prepare periodic progress reports and submit them to the supervisor.
Make visits to field office as and when required.
Counts material, equipment, merchandise, or supplies in stock and posts totals to inventory records, manually or using computer.
Compiles information on receipt or disbursement of material, equipment, merchandise, or supplies, and computes inventory balance, price, and cost.
Prepares reports, such as inventory balance, price lists, and shortages.
Prepares list of depleted items and recommends survey of defective or unusable items.
Maintain the operations inventory and Tag the inventory in all offices.
Make decisions on technical issues in consultation with supervisor and Chief of Party.
Carry out other duties as may be assigned by the Admin Head and Chief of Party.
Hot Jobs
.....
.....
.....
.....
.....
Spotlight
Copyright 2014 BrightSpyre.com