Finance Analyst - Controlling required at British American Tobacco in Islamabad | Jobs in Pakistan
Latest jobs in Pakistan & Gulf Middle east
Apr 292014
Job title
Finance Analyst – Controlling
Location/City
Islamabad
Appointment type
Permanent
Job purpose and key deliverables
Purpose Statement
Prepare, analyze and interpret the financial statements of the Company for Group as well as local Statutory Reporting to facilitate timely decision making while ensuring financial discipline and controls in compliance with company policies and procedures.
Operations/Professional/Business
Contribute in developing Accounting strategy and plans consistent with Group, local & IFRS Accounting policies.
Co-ordinate company-wide accounting activity in order to ensure the production of accurate and timely financial information for Group and local statutory reporting.
Evaluate and implement the changes in applicable accounting practices and standards that would lead the process of modifying the systems / processes for required changes.
Management
Ensure timely and accurate preparation of Annual/Half Yearly/ Quarterly Financial Statements/Accounts as per Statutory and Group reporting requirements.
Achieve the implementation of Group Manual of Acceptable Accounting Practices, International Accounting Standards, Companies Ordinance 1984 and SECP Guidelines on Code of Good Corporate Governance and Listing Regulations applicable to business.
Leadership
Establish clear goals and direction for the Accounting team consistent with the functional strategy and focus self/team efforts in meeting these goals
b) Increase the level of understanding of Accounting and related policies/procedures amongst the Finance team to keep them informed about the latest developments and ensure compliance
Relationship
Maintain effective relationships with external stakeholders like auditors, SECP, etc.
Maintain close working relationship / interfaces within Finance function, regional and group Finance teams and other functions to achieve common goals.
Innovation
Contribute in the process of design / implementation of information and control systems needed to deliver solutions relevant to accounting
Implement innovative ideas and .actions by undertaking projects / initiatives to reduce cost and improve efficiency / productivity in line with BAT best practices.
Essential requirements
Essential Requirements
MBA/CA with min 1 – 2 years of professional work experience.
ACCA with Bachelors degree with min 2 – 3 years of professional work experience.
Knowledge of key elements of the Financial Accounting function including IFRS, GMAPP, local laws & related guidelines set by ICAP.
Sound inter personal skills e.g. influencing, communication and negotiation skills to work effectively with all levels of staff within the company and externally.
Ability to engage and motivate colleagues and Managers.
Desirable requirements
Working at BAT
British American Tobacco (www.bat.com) is a market leading, global organisation with a long, established history and a bright and dynamic future. Thanks to our people we have continued to deliver growth and exceed expectations in an increasingly complex and challenging marketplace.
Our aim is to become the leading tobacco company in each of our markets by providing excellent products with confidence and responsibility expected of global consumer brands.
If you have the talent and motivation to help us succeed you’ll find we are equally committed to helping you reach your full potential too.
Employing company
Pakistan Tobacco Company Limited
Removal Date
08-May-2014
Related Posts
Posted by
at 2:32 pm  Tagged with: , ,
Categories
(3)
(6)
(179)
(5183)
Subscribe For Jobs
Enter your email address:
Recent Jobs
Select Calendar Date
May 2014
M
T
W
T
F
S
S
67891011
12131415161718
19202122232425
262728293031
Tags
Jobs
Jobs by Location
© 2013