Program Coordinator - Social Development Program
in INGO
Welcome Guest
|
|
Email
Password
Registered Users
1,204,182
Posted Jobs
33,814
Program Coordinator - SocialDevelopment Program
INGO
Posted :29 April, 2014
4,012 views
Experience: Minimum 7 yearsJob Location: IslamabadCountry: PakistanPositions: 1Job Type: Full Time
Department / Job Category: Community, Social Services, and Nonprofit
Last Date: 15 May, 2014
Major Responsibilities:
Planning, management, and implementation of projects both in Pakistan and Afghanistan.
Recruitment, orientation and management of SDP team.
Staff coaching, development and team building.
Strengthen systems and mechanisms to run program.
Communication and liaison with all SDP partners.
M&E and regular reviews of projects.
Support team in designing, conducting & data analysis of Needs Assessments and Baseline Surveys of projects.
Financial management of projects.
Timely reporting of projects to donors.
Visibility of SDP projects.
Assist the supervisor in proposal development, fundraising, and networking in Kabul & Islamabad.
Support leadership in strengthening the desired organization culture.
Promote integration and collaboration with other programs.
Ensure SDP team follows standard guidelines and policies, including security protocols and ISO.
Mainstreaming of Q & A and Local Capacities for Peace (Do no Harm) in SDP.
Ensure institutionalization of SDP tools, practices & information.
Assist supervisor in regular review of projects, team performance, tools & systems.
Develop & maintain good rapport’ with implementing partners
Support implementing partners in their capacity building.
Represent organization at national/international level.
Skills Required:
For the post of Program Coordinator - SDP a Master’s degree from reputable university and 7 years experience is considered necessary.
Candidates’ prior experience in women empowerment and livelihoods through value chain development projects would be given preference.
Sound knowledge on socio-political issues, gender, food security, human rights, education, Health, agriculture, Democratization, Women’s empowerment etc in the context of Pakistan/Afghanistan.
Background of development scenario in Pakistan, Afghanistan and globally.
Good written and verbal communication skills in English.
Good analytical skills.
Team management, mentoring and coaching skills.
Technical proposal & report writing skills on various donor formats.
Team builder & motivator.
Conflict resolution skills.
Ability to work well with diverse teams.
Ability to work under pressure.
Technical experience/skills in conducting Monitoring and baseline surveys.
Ability to travel to remote areas and live in basic conditions.
Good English is Essential. Dari/Pashtu and Urdu would be an added value.
The Program Coordinator - SDP must be tolerant and sensitive to the needs of religious and ethnic minorities, women and the poor.
In the absence of the supervisors, the Program Coordinator - SDP must have the confidence, initiative, patience and integrity to work independently. He must also maintain confidentiality and demonstrate neutrality when dealing with HR and internal audit matters.
The Program Coordinator - SDP is required to follow organization Accountability Framework and its commitment to the Codes of Conduct practiced by the organization. The Program Coordinator - SDP will ensure his/her commitment to the organization mission and values and for working in accordance to his/her job expectations
Hot Jobs
.....
.....
.....
.....
.....
Spotlight
Copyright 2014 BrightSpyre.com