Research Associate in Assessment and Analysis of Certification Systems, Islamabad, United Nations Pakistan
;
Employment
|
|
|
|
|
This employer is no longer accepting CVs for this job, it has been deactivated by the company's administrator.
This employer is no longer accepting CVs for this job, it has been deactivated by the company's administrator.
This employer is no longer accepting CVs for this job, it has been deactivated by the company's administrator.
This employer is no longer accepting CVs for this job, it has been deactivated by the company's administrator.
This employer is no longer accepting CVs for this job, it has been deactivated by the company's administrator.
This is an internal job restricted to other applicants. Are you an internal Employee?
or
Dear Applicant, Sorry! You don't posses the requirement, and therefore can not apply for this position, however, we appreciate your desire to work for the UN system in Pakistan.
Register your official email:
Please enter your username and select domain from drop down list.
Your Email:
Select Domain
@unhabitat.org.pk
@iom.int
@un.org.pk
@wfp.org
@undp.org
@unhcr.org
@unwomen.org
@unesco.org
@pak.emro.who.int
@unicef.org
@fao.org
@ilo.org
@unic.org
@unodc.org
@un.org
@unido.org
@unfpa.org
@unops.org
Pease Verify your Email:
A Verification Code has been sent to your given Email Address, Enter the Verification Code below or follow the instruction in email.
Verification code:
Research Associate in Assessment and Analysis of Certification Systems
|
Industry:
N.G.O./Social Services
Category:
Researcher
Total Position:
1
Job Type:
Consultant
Department:
UNIDO
Job Location:
Islamabad
Gender:
Doesn't Matter
Minimum Education:
Masters
Degree Title:
Advanced university degree in Economics/Business Administration
Career Level:
Entry Level
Minimum Experience:
Less than 1 Year
Work Permit:
Pakistan
Apply By:
May 5, 2014
Posted On:
Apr 28, 2014
Job Description
Background The European Union is funding a Trade Related Technical Assistance (TRTA II) programme designed to enhance the export performance of Pakistan and its integration into the global trade and economy. The implementation of the programme is managed by the United Nations Industrial Development Organization (UNIDO) in association with International Trade Centre (ITC) and World Intellectual Property Organization (WIPO). The TRTA II programme requires the services of a Research Associate in Assessment and Analysis of Certification Systems for a period of 2 months.
Required Skills
Advanced University Degree in Economics or Business Administration having knowledge of conducting surveys, assessments and situation analysis with development organizations, and an understanding of the economic value of accreditation and certification services in developing countries.
Interested candidates can obtain the relevant Job Description from the EU/UNIDO TRTA II Programme website (http://trtapakistan.org/jobs ) or from the Programme Management Office and submit their applications along with CVs latest by 5th May 2014.
© 2014 United Nations. All rights reserved
in Pakistan