HR Assistant Job, Islamabad, ESOLPK (Pvt.) Ltd - ROZEE.PK
|
View all jobs from
HR Assistant
,
Islamabad
|    |    |
Your application has been submitted successfully. Employer may contact you on .
Not a Member?
Upload your CV to apply for this job.
Step 1/2: Upload Your CV
CV Uploading...
Already a Member:   Login below
Find people you may know at ESOLPK (Pvt.) Ltd
Job Detail
More Jobs From:
Industry:
Functional Area:
Total Position:
1
Job Type:
Full Time/Permanent (First Shift (Day))
Department:
Human Resources
Job Location:
,
Gender:
Doesn't Matter
Age:
22 - 26 Year
Education:
Bachelor's Degree - Master's Degree
Degree Title:
BBA/MBA/MS in Human Resource as majors
Career Level:
Officer
Required Experience:
Less than 1 Year - 1 Year (Atleast 6 months of HR experience is required in a reputed organization)
Salary Range:
PKR. 10,000 - 10,000/Month
Require Travel:
Not Required
Apply By:
May 8, 2014
Job Posting Date:
Apr 29, 2014
Jobs from Similar Employers
Job Description:
If you are looking to make a career in HR field, then this is your destination ESOLPK IT GROUP, an ISO 9001:2000 certified 12 years old leading IT services company based in Islamabad, is looking to hire an individual preferably Female who has well groomed, pleasent natured, out spoken and confident personality, to handle its HR matters and functions which are not limited to the following:Job Responsibilities: 1- Recruitment and Selection of right candidates on various positions2- Helping top management with Employee Performance Evaluation to be conducted on various time intervals3- Employee Retention, talent management tasks4- Supervising and conducting morale boosting events like employees Birthdays and monthly recreational events like basant, mango parties, trips.5- Employee Conflict resolution6- Employee daily attendance handling7- Employee newsletter and press releases writing8- Notifications and company wide emails writing9- Maintaining documentation related to employees in a HR softwareJob Experience and Education Requirement:At least 6 months of working experience in any HR function in a reputed company preferably in an Information Technology or Telecom Services company.Fresh HR graduates will only be considered for paid or unpaid internship/trainee position. Must be a BBA/BS or /MSMBA as majors in HR.
Salary Budget:PKR 10,000* Fixed (to be reviewed and revised up to 50% increment after 6 months of joining date)Fresh HR graduates will be given stipend of PKR 6,000 for 4 months internship or it can be unpaid.* this is non-negotiable so please only apply if you are fine with this starting budget.Timings and Days:9 AM- 6 PM Mon to Fri/Sat2 alternate Saturdays will be Off in a month and 2 will be working. Please note the following before applying:Females are preferred and encouraged to apply for this positionApplicants with NO prior HR experience but with HR degree will only be considered for internships or trainee positions.Islamabad based applicants will be preferred.You should have educational degree in HR as majors from a good reputable university or if not than you must have some practical experience of HR functions.Relevant experience in IT industry specially software firms will be an added edgeYou should be an out spoken, people friendly nature and a confident person to handle this position. You should be a well dressed cope up with professional corporate environment having a pleasent persoanlity and you must have good social skills to keep good coordination with staff. Excellent communication skills in English is a must.1 year "Stay on Job" bond will be required to sign by the selected candidateYou will be called for interviews via emails and SMS only so keep on checking your messages. Please while applying place your picture on the resume and while coming for interview bring all the relevant documents including copies of degrees, past job certificates etc.We do not offer pick n drop service so selected candidate needs to arrange her own conveyance.Please Do not apply if you are still pursuing studies or have short term plans to stay. We are looking for long term commitment from the selected candidate.
Skills Required:
Human resource management
ROZEE.PK
Would you like to receive free alerts for similar jobs?
Email:
Job Seekers
Send FeedbackWe would like to hear from you.
Copyright ©2014 ROZEE.PK - Jobs in Pakistan
- All Rights Reserved. - A Division of Naseeb Networks, Inc.
Reproduction of material from any ROZEE.PK pages without permission is strictly prohibited.
|
|
|
|