Senior Project Development Officer in ACTED
Welcome Guest
|
|
Email
Password
Registered Users
1,204,182
Posted Jobs
33,814
Senior Project Development Officer
ACTED
Posted :29 April, 2014
3,518 views
Experience: Minimum 4 yearsJob Location: IslamabadCountry: PakistanPositions: 1Job Type: Contractual
Department / Job Category: Project Management
Last Date: 06 May, 2014
Salary: 87,500PKR
Relevant Experience:
About the ideal candidate
We are looking for a candidate who:
has at least 4 year’s experience working within the humanitarian/development sector;
has a strong willingness to learn;
committed to travelling in KP, Sindh and AJK, as well as other locations within Pakistan as required;
has a strong understanding of development projects in particular;
has excellent written and spoken English;
has strong computer skills including familiarity with word, excel and powerpoint;
has an undergraduate degree in a related field;
pays attention to detail;
has good analytical skills;
has a strong working ethic and is willing to work additional hours in order to complete tasks.
Job Description:
Terms of Reference for Senior Project Development Officer
ACTED Pakistan
April 2014
About ACTED Pakistan
ACTED (Agency for Technical Cooperation and Development) is a non-governmental organization with headquarters in Paris, founded in 1993. Independent, private and not-for-profit, ACTED respects a strict political and religious impartiality and operates according to principles of non-discrimination and transparency. ACTED has been present in Pakistan since 1993 and currently supports communities in Sindh, Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, the Federally Administered Tribal Areas and Azad Jammu Kashmir. ACTED Pakistan programmes range from short-term emergency responses to recovery and rehabilitation, as well as longer-term development initiatives. ACTED strategy is to target vulnerable communities affected by natural and conflict-related disasters as well as lack of socio-economic development. For further details see the ACTED global website: www.acted.org
About the Project Development (PD) Department
The PD department supports the successful operations in ACTED Pakistan through three core roles:
Coordination – developing and maintaining timely, accurate and effective mechanisms for internal and external liaison, reporting and follow up including advocacy;
Communication – leading the creation, collation and publishing of articles, posters, leaflets and other materials for external communications in line with donor and HQ requirements;
Project development and management – organising proposal development and submission, internal project coordination and donor reporting as per contractual requirements.
About the Senior Project Development Officer role
The Senior Project Development Officer role is a senior position within the department. The candidate would be expected to conduct PD-related tasks, including, but not limited to:
Coordination:
Acting as a key focal point for PD as assigned;
Support internal coordination meetings as per specific project assignment;
Support provincial level cluster and other external reporting and representation.
Communication:
Develop flash news and monthly articles;
Conduct field visits to ensure visibility and prepare communication documents such as photographs and case stories.
Project development and management:
Lead on donor reporting for specific projects;
Develop humanitarian and development proposals, with a particular focus on the latter;
Organise PD filing and records in soft and hard copy.
CVs should be limited to two A4 pages in size 11 font and should be accompanied by a cover letter outlining the candidates suitability to the role. Only applications with a cover letter will be considered.
Hot Jobs
.....
.....
.....
.....
.....
Spotlight
Copyright 2014 BrightSpyre.com