Jobs | NGOBOX
⁄
⁄
⁄
⁄
Jobs
Executive Director
Search for Common Ground (SFCG)
Islamabad
Apply by:
17 May 2014
The Organisation
Search for Common Ground (SFCG) is an international non-profit organization that promotes peaceful resolution of conflict. SFCG’s mission is to transform how the world deals with conflict - away from adversarial approaches and toward cooperative solutions. SFCG seeks to help conflicting parties understand their differences and act on their commonalities. With a total of approximately 600 staff worldwide, SFCG implements projects from 47 offices in 34 countries, including in Africa, Asia, Europe, the Middle East, and the United States. SFCG Pakistan opened in 2010 and is implementing peacebuilding initiatives across the country.
Summary of Position
The Executive Director will lead a multi-faceted peacebuilding programme in Pakistan. This person will oversee project implementation; manage the finances, operations and administration; and lead fundraising efforts for long-term sustainability.
A central component of the job is working with diverse stakeholders, who are often of opposing views in what is a transitional environment, while projecting SFCG’s commitment to being a balanced, unbiased organisation and promoting positive, constructive solutions to social problems. The key qualities needed in this position are a profound knowledge of Pakistan, the ability to function as both a social entrepreneur and a resolver of conflict, and demonstrated leadership skills in program management, team-building and fundraising. The Executive Director will manage projects with the media, youth, women, government institutions, and civil society. The Executive Director position is based in Islamabad, Pakistan.
Responsibilities
Oversee all aspects of SFCG Pakistan’s programming, operation, financial management, and fundraising.
Serve as SFCG Pakistan’s representative, developing and maintaining excellent relationships with the government, donors, media and local civil society;
Manage the program and operational staff;
Oversee ongoing capacity-building efforts in staff members;
Set up and manage local financial management system and standard operating procedures, ensuring full legal and donor compliance;
Update and implement security and evacuation policy;
Oversee the management of grants and budgets;
Take full responsibility for the financial management and health of SFCG Pakistan, including budget management and financial reporting;
Direct implementation of multi-pronged peacebuilding projects, with a strong focus on women’s leadership, media (through radio and television) and community-based initiatives;
Ensure high program quality which draws on robust peacebuilding methodologies;
Monitor and evaluate the results achieved by the different projects and the programme as a whole;
Create a long-term program strategy for SFCG Pakistan;
Lead fundraising efforts for new projects;
Lead project design, proposal writing, and budgeting efforts;
Stay abreast of the international conflict resolution field to ensure that the programme’s work remains innovative and professional;
Be directly engaged in the continuing development of the organisation, its mission and its staff, through the sharing of experience and knowledge, particularly contributing to its Institutional Learning efforts.
As job descriptions cannot be exhaustive, the position holder may be required to undertake other duties that are broadly in line with the above key duties.
Qualifications
Essential
At least seven (7) years of experience in development, project management, international relations, peace-building, fundraising , journalism and/or related fields, including democracy and governance issues and civil society strengthening;
Bachelor’s degree in a related area required (Master’s degree preferred);
Extensive experience working in and/or knowledge of Pakistan and the political, social and cultural issues affecting the country;
Experience working in or with media, particularly radio and television production;
Knowledge of and experience in conflict resolution, negotiation and mediation;
Significant experience in project management at a high level in a non-profit environment;
Demonstrated experience with budgeting, project development, fundraising, proposal and report writing, and grants management;
Demonstrated financial management and programme administration experience ;
Ability to successfully manage and inspire a team in the field of conflict resolution, international development or related fields;
Excellent managerial skills, interpersonal and networking skills, as well as the ability to conduct professional working relationships ;
Dynamic leader with creative problem-solving skills;
Knowledge of major donor rules and regulations, and the ability to manage and prioritize multi-donor funding;
Proven ability in convening and facilitating multi-party meetings and ongoing dialogues;
Demonstrated experience in setting up and managing monitoring systems and initiating regular evaluations of the programme;
Ability to work with people at all levels, ranging from high-level officials to community leaders.
Exceptional communication and interpersonal skills;
Written and oral fluency in Urdu and English;
Ability to function as a social entrepreneur;
A team spirit - proven ability to work collegially within a team.
How to apply:
Application Deadline: May 16, 2014. Please send a cover letter and current resume to  with the subject heading: Executive Director - Pakistan. Please be sure to include projected start date, and to mention where you found this posting. Position is open until filled. No phone calls please. Only applicants invited for an interview will be contacted.
Apply by: 17 May 2014
Subscribe for UpdatesName:Email:Enter security code:
Premium Jobs
VSO
Location: Khorog, Tajikistan
Apply by: 12 May 2014
VSO
Location: Khorog, Tajikistan
Apply by: 12 May 2014
VSO
Location: Papua New Guinea
Apply by: 12 May 2014
Aga Khan Rural Support Programme(India)
Location: Pusa, Samastipur
Apply by: 12 May 2014
USAID
Location: New Delhi
Apply by: 21 May 2014
UNWomen
Location: Dhaka
Apply by: 15 May 2014
KAMCO
Location: Kerala (Outside Kerala)
Apply by: 12 May 2014
The Indian Law Institute
Location: New Delhi
Apply by: 5 May 2014
© 2014  |
Designed & Developed By: