Islamabad, Pakistan jobs at Halliburton
close
Search Jobs
>
About Islamabad Jobs
Halliburton currently has the following openings in Islamabad. Islamabad jobs vary from time to time based on our current openings. Please check back often for new Islamabad job openings to find a career that is right for you. Thank you for considering a career in Islamabad at Halliburton.
Job Title
Location
Date
Islamabad,
Islamabad,
Pakistan05/01/2014Islamabad,
Islamabad,
Pakistan04/16/2014Islamabad,
Islamabad,
Pakistan04/02/2014
Connect with Halliburton
Follow Halliburton on
Check outHalliburton on
Share these Jobs
Subscribe to Jobs
Get Job Alert Emails
Sign up here for job alerts and other Halliburton communications.
Recent Job Openings
About Halliburton
In the coming decades, energy resources will become increasingly difficult to find and access. As one of the world's largest providers of products and services to the upstream energy industry, Halliburton partners with our customers to locate oil and natural gas. When hydrocarbons are located, we provide solutions to determine if oil and gas can be produced. If a well is determined to be viable, we begin production and throughout the life of the field, we help ensure that our customers get optimal production rates.
Founded in 1919, Halliburton is one of the world’s largest providers of products and services to the energy industry.
Halliburton consists of two divisions: Drilling and Evaluation, and Completion and Production. With more than 72,000 employees in approximately 80 countries, Halliburton's team of professionals around the globe provide services to help our customers meet the world's demand for energy, while maintaining the highest standards of environmental safety. Whether you're a new graduate seeking your first job, or an experienced professional looking to make a career change, we have fantastic opportunities across our organization. Learn more about jobs at Halliburton today.
Common Searches
Useful Links
Copyright © 2013 Halliburton. All Rights Reserved.  |    |    |