Dubai
- Employment Info
Dubai
Sign up for our daily email job update (enter your email):
Subscribe
Unsubscribe
Click on the category of your choice to see all the vacancies.
Articles to guide you with your job hunting:
How to Build a Resume: Increased job search competition makes it inevitable to develop a well planned approach, that will help to serve your job search objectives. Getting employment is somewhat easier than to search for your dream job. To get the required success, concentrate on your job objectives. Here are some of the useful directions that can assist you to enhance your employment opportunities. How to improve your employment chances? Employment is a contract between the two parties namely the employer and the employee. Hence, if their objectives match and they can fit into each other's requirements, it increases employment probabilities. So to improve your chances of getting employed, establishment of such mutually satisfying relations is really essential. You can look at the resume and cover letter from that point of view of increasing your performance. Use them as tools to present your profile summary and bring close correlation between the profile and the employer's expectations. Thus, to improve your job probabilities, build a resume that will make you a perfect fit for the position by establishing the necessary coordination.
5 Online Writing Opportunities: It is hard to get a job at a newspaper without a journalism degree. Getting a novel published takes years and multiple rejections from publishers. If you love to write, and have the proper skills, those are not your only two options. The internet has opened a new writing domain, and online marketing needs so much content writers are sure to have job security as long as the grammar rules and deadlines are met. Blogs: Weblogs began as a type of online journal and have morphed into money making opportunities for writers. Some writers get book deals because their blogs are so popular.
Finding Work in the Events Industry in 2012: 3 Tips for Best Practice: The events industry continues to thrive, despite the prolonged economic uncertainty that threatens the U.S. and central Europe. At the heart of this growth is the diverse and evolutionary nature of event planning, which can encompass everything from organizing unique stag weekends to arranging business conferences or team building exercises. As with any growing industry, however, its job market is competitive and there are several things that you must bear in mind when you apply for work as an events coordinator or marketer.
Are you the business owner type? If you are looking for your next job but have that urge to explore starting your own business the reading this blog post is a great place to start because it will allow you to determine whether you are truly committed to running a business, or whether you just like the sound of saying 'I am a business owner' or 'I am the boss'. Do you have what it takes? The moment the brain begins to lapse from the pure excitement of starting something new; something that could be rewarding; something that could make you wealthy; something that could change your life.
Top 10 Wackiest Employment Perks: For many of us working in these dispiriting economic times, having a job and a lunch break seems enough of a perk for the short term. But when the good times roll back around, the chances are that employee expectations will start rising again, particularly when it comes to perks and benefits on top of the basic salary.
Bookmark the
.
Comments are closed.
Daily email with jobs
Enter your email address:
Subscribe
Unsubscribe
More job websites
Good websites
More…
Jobs by
by
| Powered by
&