Public Relations Manager Job | PRJobForce.com
Expired
Public Relations Manager
Emirates - New York, NY
Minimum Education
Bachelor's Degree
Job Number
153510122
Job Description
This job is located in Dubai, United Arab EmiratesJob PurposeAs Public Relations Manager you will be plan, manage and implement a fully integrated Public Relations (PR) programme for Emirates Group companies by partnering with the Corporate Communications team of Shared Services and Specialist teams to meet the business objectives and goals through the delivery of innovative, efficient and cost effective PR solutions. The primary focus of this role is to protect and enhance the reputation of the EK Group through interactions with external media and organizations to gain positive publicity in all relevant media channels. Qualifications & Experience •Degree in Journalism or Mass Communications•Post-graduate qualification in PR (preferred) or professional accreditation in public relations•8 + years of relevant communications experience in an international PR agency or in an in-house communications capacity•Excellent knowledge of the internet and understanding of new digital media is also necessary as the company is moving aggressively into this medium. Salary & Benefits:We offer an attractive tax-free salary, paid in Dirhams, the local currency of the UAE. Besides generous travel benefits normally associated with an airline, this managerial role also has excellent leave, health care packages, accommodation and more. To Apply:Please submit your application before 31st May 2014 23:59 GMT + 3 hoursCompany Description:About EmiratesTomorrow you could be living in dynamic Dubai and earning a tax-free salary with global benefits. Starting with two aircraft and a handful of enthusiastic people, we have grown at a phenomenal rate. We are now one of the fastest growing airlines in the world, flying to over 125 destinations across 6 continents. We are looking for people to join our global family of over 54,000 people from 160 nationalities across a diverse range of disciplines. If you are a high performer, seeking unparalleled career opportunities, join the Emirates team and help us create the future of travel.
Updated 05/06/2014
Loading...
You Can Also Try Searching
Loading...
Loading...
Emirates News
Loading...
×
Send this Job to a Friend
Simply complete the form below and we'll email your message, along with a link to this job, to your recipient.
Your First Name
Your Last Name
Your Email Address
Friend's Email Address
Message
Send
Job Seekers
Hiring Solutions
Site Tools
The Beyond.com Network
Beyond.com is a Registered Trademark of Beyond.com, Inc.
Beyond.com Career Network © 2001 - 2014 Beyond.com, Inc.
v4.0.16186.935