GulfTalent.com
Project Manager
Ghantoot Group
Dubai, UAE
Posted on: 6 May 2014
THE ROLE
Expand all
1.	Confirm verbal instructions / change orders/ receipt of revised drawings from the consultant / client. Also communicate our intention to claim for the additional time and financial consequences if any.
2.	Conduct Contractual & Financial study and outline claim details with Projects Manager.
3.	Review claim documents and forward to Projects Manager.
4.	Start execution of the work upon intimation from Projects Manager. Liaise with the consultant and provide monthly updates of the claim till completion / approval.
5.	Give extra attention to the specified items while selection of material / source, subcontractors and throughout the extension phase.
6.	Review and make sure that all rates are in line with the budget. In case of notable variance forward the same to Projects Manager for action.
7.	Review and make sure that the cost is in line with the budget. In case of notable variance take suitable action to control cost in consultation with Projects Manager.
8.	Review and forward to Projects Manager with explanation for variance and suggestions for improvement, as necessary.
9.	Send daily requirement to plant one day in advance.
10.	Advise Q.S. to prepare cost statement for each month. Also advice Administration, Storekeeper and site staff to provide necessary details required for cost calculation.
11.	Receive cost statement and review and/or approve it.
12.	Send completion letter to Consultant.
13.	Receive Snag List from Consultant and advise the site staff to complete on time.
14.	Receive completion of Snag List from Site Engineer and inform consultant/ return to Site Engineer for completion.
15.	Receive PAC from Consultant and forward to Main Office for records.
16.	Approve / Reject Time Sheet.
17.	Study specification and advise Material Engineer to prepare material submittal.
18.	Check details and Specifications of materials to be submitted
19.	Approve and forward to Consultant the material submittal.
20.	Check comments and correct or look for alternative suppliers.
21.	Place order with supplier for specified material.
22.	Advise Office Manager/Office Engineer and Quantity Surveyor to prepare payment based on approved requests.
23.	Responsible for forwarding the contract documents to Office Manager/Office Engineer.
24.	Receiving required information’s to be forwarded to Public Utility Agencies (PUA’s).
25.	Receiving information’s from PUA’s and forwarding to Office Manager/Office Engineer for preparing shop drawings.
26.	Receiving shop drawing from Office Manager/Office Engineer, review and / or approve and forward to the consultant for approval.
27.	Receiving shop drawing from consultant if there is correction and return to Office Manager/Office Engineer to incorporate the corrections.
28.	Receive approved shop drawings and distribute to the users.
29.	Receive payment from Quantity Surveyor, review, arrange contractual documents like performance bond, insurance guarantee etc. and forward to Consultant for approval.
30.	Receive rejected payment from Consultant and advise Quantity Surveyor to re submit.
31.	Receive signed payment certificate and follow up the payment process with Consultant and Client. Forward copy of payment certificate to Administration Supervisor.
32.	Receive rejected work information and advise Site Engineer to rectify in coordination with consultant.
33.	Receive approved request and forward to Quantity Surveyor.
34.	Receive instruction from Projects Manager and advise the Staff to start preparation of details.
35.	Receive and compile details review and approve / reject.
36.	Send Notice of Intent to PUA’s. Notify to Consultant the proposed Site Staff.
37.	Receive Staff approval, reply to Notice of Intent, Project requirements like plant, material, camp etc. compile and forward to Projects Manager and discuss.
38.	Send material requirement and plant/ machineries requirement to Purchase Manager.
39.	Receive material, plant / machineries and all other ancillary items from Projects Manager and Purchase Manager and advise Site Staff to start work.
40.	Approve / reject material requisition.
41.	Approve A.T.V. and return to Asset Controller
42.	Prepare A.T.V. and advise Storekeeper to transfer the asset to Asset Controller.
43.	Approve / reject request for leave.
44.	Sign and forward leave authorization to Administration Supervisor.
45.	Forward leave information to Site Administrator
46.	Advise Planning Engineer to prepare daily program as per schedule and Office Manager/Office Engineer to prepare details.
47.	Receive material requisition, review and approve/reject
48.	Advise Site Engineer to start the work as per schedule and advise Office Manager/Office Engineer to provide details.
49.	Receive approved request and forward to Quantity Surveyor for payment.
50.	Receive time sheet from Material Engineer and Site Engineer and approve / reject.
51.	Receive material request and approve / reject.
52.	Receive copy of approved L.P.O
53.	Receive material receipt voucher and delivery note and approve and return to store.
54.	Forward invoice to storekeeper for checking.
55.	Approve / reject invoice. Advise Section Engineer and Storekeeper to preserve the material as per manufacturer’s recommendation
56.	Advise storekeeper to prepare material transfer request upon demand.
57.	Approve material transfer request and forward with material requestee Storekeeper.
58.	Approve material transfer voucher and return to Storekeeper.
59.	Initiate new IMS document / procedure or revision to existing one.
60.	Replace IMS documents master list, receive and update documents.
61.	Receive Internal Audit Program.
62.	Decide the proposed Corrective Action Request acceptable or not.
63.	Propose Corrective Action in case of acceptance.
64.	Give justification in case of rejection of the proposed corrective action request.
65.	Follow up audit conduction.
66.	Identify the need for training and evaluate training received for the employees in the section.
REQUIREMENTS
B.Sc. in Civil Engineering
Project Management
Minimum 10 years experience in Road and infrastructure.
Approval from RTA is a must.
Risk Assessments and Traffic Management.
Subcontract Management
Planning and Scheduling
ABOUT THE COMPANY
Ghantoot Group is an organization which has varied business interests and has always come up with innovative business ideas. From civil works to electrical projects, marine works to landscaping and irrigation, pharmaceuticals to interior designing, Ghantoot Group is dedicated to turning imaginative ideas into leading products and services. It is managed by a team of highly motivated and committed professionals who have proven their expertise in their relevant discipline.The depth of our resources is reflected in the variety of projects we construct from roads to specialized electrical projects, toextensive landscaping and complex contracting. We've built it all and much more. Regardless of the scope of the project. Ghantoot Group works to meet the needs of our clients in the timeliest and most cost-efficient way and always with an eye to quality and safety.
Send
|
|