Sales and Marketing Executives Jobs in Star Marketing (PVT) Ltd, Karachi, Pakistan | JI38186
Job Seeker Login:
|
If you're looking to post a job or searching resumes, go to our employer website
Sales and Marketing Executives Jobs in Karachi, Pakistan
Company Name
Star Marketing (PVT) Ltd
Company Industry
Services
Job Functional Area
,
Job Title
Sales and Marketing Executives
Job Location
,
Required Gender
Male/Female
Minimum Experience
5 Years
Posted on
May 04, 2014
Last Date to Apply
May 07, 2014
Job Description
Pakistan's premier real estate marketing company Star Marketing has immediate openings for young, educated male and female Sales and Marketing Executives. The company needs confident young men and women with a pleasing personality besides excellent communication and sales skills. Selected self motivated persons will be offered an attractive remuneration package.Apply Instructions for This Job
Walk-in interviews on Monday 5th May, Tuesday 6th May and Wednesday 7th May 2014 between 11.00 am to 05.00 pm at
Mezzanine Floor, Topra Plaza, Main University Road,Opp. Urdu Science College, Gulshan-e-lqbal, Karachi.Find Similar Jobs company specialized in Wedding gowns requires Tailors (male) and Saleslady. ... years of relevant experience
8- Assistant Network Administrator:
- BS/Master Degree
- with minimum 5 of relevant experience
9- Marketing Executives:
- MBA/BBA Degree ... Sales Engineer with Strong Mechanical background. Bahraini preferred. ... Graduate Engineers from UET/PU
- with 3-5 years experience in Industrial/ Commercial Organizations.
2- MBAs:
- Male/ Female MBAs from LUMS/ IBA/ PU
- with 3-5 y ... educated male and female Sales and Marketing Executives. The company needs confident young men and women with a pleasing personality besides excellent communication and ...
More Jobs
,
, ,
, Find Relevant Functional Area Jobs, , , ,
* Your Full Name:
* Your Email Address:
* Friends' Email Addresses:
[Separate email addresses with comma, max 3 emails at a time]
Job Title:
Sales and Marketing Executives
Add Note (Optional):
Log in to save this job, and find the jobs you saved already! If you are new at Careermidway.com, please
Email Address:
Password:
Enter your email address. You will receive a notification email with details on login information.
Enter email address
Post Comments on this Job
Relevant comments on this job are highly appreciated.
Please use personal name or nickname rather keywords in the name field.
Comments filling the fields with anchor text to spam this site and search engines may be edited, have URLs removed, or deleted entirely.
Your Name:
Your Email:
Show Email:
Check this to show your email address alongwith your name/comments.
Your Comments:
Enter Code*:
International Jobs
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
© Copyright 2014 All rights reserved Careermidway.com
|
|
|
|