Bartender - Crowne Plaza Hotel Dubai Festival City with IHG - Crowne Plaza Hotels & Resorts - Middle East & Africa | 10880459
Jobseekers
|
Jobseekers
Bartender - Crowne Plaza Hotel Dubai Festival City
Dubai, AE-DU
0
Full job details
Recruiter
IHG - Crowne Plaza Hotels & Resorts - Middle East & Africa
Posted
06/05/2014 17:27:36
Ref
DUB002554
Location
Dubai, AE-DU
Job Type
Food & Beverage, Bartender
Sector
Hotel
Job Level
Non-Management
Do you see yourself asa BARTENDER? What's your passion?Whether you're into scuba diving, golf or dancing the tango, at IHG we'reinterested in you. We love people who apply the same amount of passion andprecision to their jobs as they do to their hobbies - peoplewho put our guests at the heart of everything they do. And we're looking formore people like this to join our friendly and professional team. The InterContinentalHotels Group (IHG) properties in Dubai Festival City consist of three hotelbrands and a golf course. These include the luxury brand InterContinental, thesuperior upscale Crowne Plaza, the lavish long-stay InterContinental ResidenceSuites and the 18 hole championship Al Badia Golf Club.  In addition to over 1000 bedrooms, the fourproperties boast a selection of high quality restaurants and bars, animpressive 3,800 square meter Event Centre across two levels, the luxurious SpaInterContinental, state-of -the-art gymnasium facilities, and swimming poolfacilities.   We arelooking for confident, sophisticated and internationally-minded people to joinover 1500 colleagues who are committed to maintaining the highest standards ofluxury, quality and service which define our company.  We value thepassion and enthusiasm of our colleagues, and encourage you to share yourpassion when you work with us. At the moment we're looking for Bartender to join our energetic, enthusiastic and passionate team at Crowne Plaza Hotel Dubai Festival City. Under the direction of the Restaurant Manager, the primary responsibility of this role is to assist in the beverage and wine service to provide the highest standard of service possible. The ideal candidate will be responsible for setting up the bar, ensuring all requisitions are processed, update the wine list, set up the beverage training for the team, communicate politely and display courtesy to guests and create an ultimate relationship with our regular guests.In return we'll give you a competitivetax-free financial and benefits package, hotel discounts worldwide and thechance to work with a great team of people.  You’lljoin a team passionate about delivering memorable experiences that make ourguests feel special, making InterContinental Hotels Dubai Festival City a greatplace to work. Most importantly, we’ll give you Room to be yourself So what's your passion? Please get in touch and tell us how youcould bring your individual skills to IHG. We are an equal opportunities employer. Ideally, you'll have some or all of the following qualifications and experience we're looking for:High level of passion, enthusiasm and drive for resultsExcellent communication skills in English.Team player and ability to work under pressureAmbitious and eager to learn and growMinimum one year experience in a fine dining restaurant in a 5* luxury hotel in a similar role
'
'
'
'
Share this job
Catererglobal.com is a trademark of Totaljobs Group Ltd. © 2013 Copyright and database rights Totaljobs Group Ltd.Powered by .