Assistant Wedding Sales Manager Job in Dubai - The JW Marriott Marquis Hotel Dubai - Bayt.com
OK
Cancel
Loading...
Loading...
Jobs
Jobs
Salaries
People Companies Specialties
- All -
- All -Algeria (12)Bahrain (115)Dubai (1538)Egypt (498)Iraq (77)Jordan (391)Kuwait (740)Lebanon (251)Libya (16)Morocco (12)Oman (96)Pakistan (34)Qatar (1061)Saudi Arabia (2772)Sri Lanka (64)Tunisia (6)UAE (3566)Yemen (3)
Loading...
Menu - []
›
› Job Description
Assistant Wedding Sales Manager
- ,
Date Posted: 2014/05/06 12:45:30
Ref. JB3047924
Job Description
As the local, on property catering & group contact for social customers, the Catering Sales Manager is responsible for proactively soliciting and managing social group/catering-related opportunities. Prepares all wedding event documentation and coordinates with hotel departments, and customer to ensure consistent, high level service throughout pre-event, event and post event phases of hotel wedding events . Ensures all wedding events have a seamless turnover from sales to service back to sales. Actively up sells each business opportunity to maximize revenue opportunity. Achieves personal and team related revenue goals. Ensures business is turned over properly and in a timely fashion for proper service delivery. Responsible to learn how to support Marriott’s Service and Relationship Strategy, driving customer loyalty by delivering service excellence throughout each customer experience.
Responsibilities
1) Focuses efforts on group/catering accounts with significant potential sales revenue
2)
Handles complex business with significant revenue potential as well as significant customer expectations
3) Develops effective group/catering sales plans and actions.
4) Designs, develops and sells creative catered events.
5) Maximizes revenue by upselling packages and creative food and beverage
6) Understands the overall market -competitors’ strengths and weaknesses, economic trends, supply and demand etc. and knows how to sell against them
7) Closes the best opportunities for each property based on market conditions and individual
8) Builds and strengthens relationships with existing and new customers to enable future bookings. Activities include sales calls, entertainment, FAM trips, trade shows, etc.
Skills
2-year degree from an accredited university in Business Administration, Marketing, Hotel and Restaurant Management, or related major
Job Details
Job Location:
Dubai, United Arab Emirates
Company Industry:
Hospitality/Tourism/Travel
Company Type:
Employer (Private Sector)
Job Role:
Sales
Joining Date:
Unspecified
Employment Status:
Full time
Employment Type:
Employee
Monthly Salary Range:
Unspecified
Manages Others:
Unspecified
Number of Vacancies:
1
Preferred Candidate
Career Level:
Mid Career
Years of Experience:
Min: 2
Residence Location:
United Arab Emirates
Gender:
Unspecified
Nationality:
Unspecified
Degree:
Unspecified
About This Company
The JW Marriott Marquis Hotel Dubai is set to become a landmark hotel in one of the region’s most desirable destinations. The hotel will open with 804 bedrooms and rise to 1608 rooms the hotel will include 9 restaurants and 5 lounges offering a wide variety of culinary delights
for our guests. JW Marriott is the luxury hotel brand that provides an environment of simple elegance where they feel welcome and free to be themselves. Together, we orchestrate an experience that is expertly edited to leave only what is truly desired. The JW experience authentically reflects each property's surroundings, imparts a sense of harmony and wellness and delivers lasting memories. All so our guests can indulge in the ultimate luxury...the time to think and freedom to focus.
The Marquis endorsement is reserved for iconic properties in the Marriott International portfolio, defined by their scale, grandeur and location.
The new JW Marriott Marquis in Dubai will be the first JW Marriott Marquis branded property outside of North America (after the JW Marriott Marquis Miami). Success of the property will be heavily reliant on the creative input, and talented, experienced individuals, who have the ability to work as a highly organised world class, team. This is a once in a lifetime opportunity to be part of an exceptional property, located in one of the youngest and most dynamic markets in the World.
Date Posted: 2014/05/06 12:45:30
Ref. JB3047924
Recommended Courses
Invite Your
Friends to Bayt.com
Find Jobs
About Bayt.com
Bayt.com is the leading job site in the Gulf and Middle East, connecting job seekers with employers looking to hire.
Every day, thousands of new job vacancies are listed on the award-winning platform from the region's top employers.
Company
Quick Links
Follow
© 2000-2014 Bayt.com, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
-
Reproduction of material from any Bayt.com pages without written permission is strictly prohibited.