Demi Chef De Partie Job in Dubai - The JW Marriott Marquis Hotel Dubai - Bayt.com
OK
Cancel
Loading...
Loading...
Jobs
Jobs
Salaries
People Companies Specialties
- All -
- All -Algeria (12)Bahrain (115)Dubai (1538)Egypt (498)Iraq (77)Jordan (391)Kuwait (740)Lebanon (251)Libya (16)Morocco (12)Oman (96)Pakistan (34)Qatar (1061)Saudi Arabia (2772)Sri Lanka (64)Tunisia (6)UAE (3566)Yemen (3)
Loading...
Menu - []
›
› Job Description
Demi Chef De Partie
- ,
Date Posted: 2014/05/06 12:37:19
Ref. JB3014310
Job Description
The Demi Chef de Partie is responsible to assist the CDP for the daily operation in the assigned kitchen to meet the expected standards.
During your time you are fully in charge for the food production.
Responsibilities
•	To work as directed on station of assignment under appropriate Chef de Partie.
•	Set up station properly and on time for each service period.
•	Make sure all food is prepared by recipes designated by the Sous Chef or Chef de Partie.
•	Make sure quality and quantity meets our standard.
•	Notify Sous Chef or Chef de Partie of any problems or complaints as when they arise.
•	Be able to work in another area when needed and take part in cross training when directed.
•	Be able to assist in same day preparation and advance preparation for another station as instructed by the supervisor.
•	Be able to come to any and all kitchen meetings whilst on duty or otherwise.
•	Follow clean as you go policy and keep work area clean at all times.
•	Do not leave your section without doing the final check.
•	All food items for storage must be covered, dated and labelled according 70 point checklist.
•	Proper food rotation – first in – first out
•	After service switch off and clean oven tops and work areas as well as surfaces.
•	Will sign acceptance for tools, knives, uniforms etc. and will pay back to the company for any loss or damage of said equipment.
•	Breaks and meals, as laid down in the LSOP. 2 x 15 min. and 1 x 30 min. for Lunch and Dinner , depending on hours of work.
•	Fill out the appropriate log sheets according our standard on a daily base.
•	Make sure production charts are closely followed and adhered to.
•	Fill out the appropriate cleaning charts on a daily base.
•	Be aware of accident prevention and help enforce sae work habits – Zero accidents is our goal.
•	Follow all kitchen regulations as outlined and directed.
•	No employee to be on the property after working hours without signed authorisation from a Manager except for meals in the staff cafeteria.
•	Swipe in and out has to be done in uniform, not before getting changed.
•	Overtime will be approved on business demands by the Sous Chef.
•	 Any violation of the above mentioned rules will be subject to disciplinary action.
Skills
Excellent communicating skills in English language.
Minimum 2 years of culinary experience.
Increased knowledge about hygiene and HACCP regulations.
Job Details
Job Location:
Dubai, United Arab Emirates
Company Industry:
Hospitality/Tourism/Travel
Company Type:
Employer (Private Sector)
Job Role:
Support Services
Joining Date:
Unspecified
Employment Status:
Full time
Employment Type:
Employee
Monthly Salary Range:
Unspecified
Manages Others:
Unspecified
Number of Vacancies:
1
Preferred Candidate
Career Level:
Mid Career
Years of Experience:
Unspecified
Residence Location:
United Arab Emirates
Gender:
Unspecified
Nationality:
Unspecified
Degree:
Unspecified
About This Company
The JW Marriott Marquis Hotel Dubai is set to become a landmark hotel in one of the region’s most desirable destinations. The hotel will open with 804 bedrooms and rise to 1608 rooms the hotel will include 9 restaurants and 5 lounges offering a wide variety of culinary delights
for our guests. JW Marriott is the luxury hotel brand that provides an environment of simple elegance where they feel welcome and free to be themselves. Together, we orchestrate an experience that is expertly edited to leave only what is truly desired. The JW experience authentically reflects each property's surroundings, imparts a sense of harmony and wellness and delivers lasting memories. All so our guests can indulge in the ultimate luxury...the time to think and freedom to focus.
The Marquis endorsement is reserved for iconic properties in the Marriott International portfolio, defined by their scale, grandeur and location.
The new JW Marriott Marquis in Dubai will be the first JW Marriott Marquis branded property outside of North America (after the JW Marriott Marquis Miami). Success of the property will be heavily reliant on the creative input, and talented, experienced individuals, who have the ability to work as a highly organised world class, team. This is a once in a lifetime opportunity to be part of an exceptional property, located in one of the youngest and most dynamic markets in the World.
Date Posted: 2014/05/06 12:37:19
Ref. JB3014310
Similar Jobs
Recommended Courses
Invite Your
Friends to Bayt.com
Find Jobs
About Bayt.com
Bayt.com is the leading job site in the Gulf and Middle East, connecting job seekers with employers looking to hire.
Every day, thousands of new job vacancies are listed on the award-winning platform from the region's top employers.
Company
Quick Links
Follow
© 2000-2014 Bayt.com, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
-
Reproduction of material from any Bayt.com pages without written permission is strictly prohibited.