Banquet Bar Supervisor Job in Dubai - The JW Marriott Marquis Hotel Dubai - Bayt.com
OK
Cancel
Loading...
Loading...
Jobs
Jobs
Salaries
People Companies Specialties
- All -
- All -Algeria (12)Bahrain (115)Dubai (1538)Egypt (498)Iraq (77)Jordan (391)Kuwait (740)Lebanon (251)Libya (16)Morocco (12)Oman (96)Pakistan (34)Qatar (1061)Saudi Arabia (2772)Sri Lanka (64)Tunisia (6)UAE (3566)Yemen (3)
Loading...
Menu - []
›
› Job Description
Banquet Bar Supervisor
- ,
Date Posted: 2014/05/06 12:32:40
Ref. JB2298301
Job Description
The Bar Supervisor oversees the responsibilities for bar set-up, mixing of drinks, service and cleanup for catering bar functions. In so doing, is expected to direct all effort toward guest satisfaction, the achievement/maintenance of division standards, and profit maximization.
Ensures the highest level of service by executing the requirements of events based on catering service standards. Drives customer satisfaction and capitalizes on revenue up-sell opportunities during the Event Phase of a function. Number of hours and day offs will be subject to business demand.
Essential Functions
·
Supervises the bar set up “ready to go” 15 minutes before function is schedules to start.
This involves: An adequate supply of following (to last through the duration of the function, if possible). Ice, water, mixer, all ingredients necessary for preparing drinks. Glasses, garnishes, napkin and side towel. Matches/ashtrays cigarettes.
·
Perform cashier duties, if required. This involves handling tickets and cash as per Marriott International Food and Beverage SOP.
·
Overlooks the preparation and serving of drinks as per Marriott standards, policies procedures using a jigger as all times.
·
At all times the bar area should be maintained in a clean and organized condition. Practice “clean as you go”.
·
Checks the bar after function is over and guest have left the room, breakdown and thoroughly clean the bar.
·
Ensure the proper storage of liquor, fruit and equipment, all liquor to be secure.
·
To comply with all local laws and regulations.
·
To report issues or requirements to the manager.
Skills
·
High School Diploma or equivalent required
·
Degree or diploma in hotel management
Job Details
Job Location:
Dubai, United Arab Emirates
Company Industry:
Hospitality/Tourism/Travel
Company Type:
Employer (Private Sector)
Job Role:
Support Services
Joining Date:
Unspecified
Employment Status:
Full time
Employment Type:
Employee
Monthly Salary Range:
Unspecified
Manages Others:
Unspecified
Number of Vacancies:
1
Preferred Candidate
Career Level:
Mid Career
Years of Experience:
Min: 2
Residence Location:
United Arab Emirates
Gender:
Unspecified
Nationality:
Unspecified
Degree:
Unspecified
About This Company
The JW Marriott Marquis Hotel Dubai is set to become a landmark hotel in one of the region’s most desirable destinations. The hotel will open with 804 bedrooms and rise to 1608 rooms the hotel will include 9 restaurants and 5 lounges offering a wide variety of culinary delights
for our guests. JW Marriott is the luxury hotel brand that provides an environment of simple elegance where they feel welcome and free to be themselves. Together, we orchestrate an experience that is expertly edited to leave only what is truly desired. The JW experience authentically reflects each property's surroundings, imparts a sense of harmony and wellness and delivers lasting memories. All so our guests can indulge in the ultimate luxury...the time to think and freedom to focus.
The Marquis endorsement is reserved for iconic properties in the Marriott International portfolio, defined by their scale, grandeur and location.
The new JW Marriott Marquis in Dubai will be the first JW Marriott Marquis branded property outside of North America (after the JW Marriott Marquis Miami). Success of the property will be heavily reliant on the creative input, and talented, experienced individuals, who have the ability to work as a highly organised world class, team. This is a once in a lifetime opportunity to be part of an exceptional property, located in one of the youngest and most dynamic markets in the World.
Date Posted: 2014/05/06 12:32:40
Ref. JB2298301
Recommended Courses
Invite Your
Friends to Bayt.com
Find Jobs
About Bayt.com
Bayt.com is the leading job site in the Gulf and Middle East, connecting job seekers with employers looking to hire.
Every day, thousands of new job vacancies are listed on the award-winning platform from the region's top employers.
Company
Quick Links
Follow
© 2000-2014 Bayt.com, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
-
Reproduction of material from any Bayt.com pages without written permission is strictly prohibited.