Emerson Career
Job Details
Language
Arabic
Chinese (simplified)
Czech
Danish
Dutch
English
Flemish
French
German
Greek
Hungarian
Italian
Japanese
Korean
Norwegian
Polish
Portuguese
Russian
Slovakian
Spanish
Swedish
Ukrainian
Romanian
Project Manager
Job ID
EPM-00007483
Country
UAE
State/Province
Dubai
City
Dubai
Publish Start Date
Apr 28 2014
Job Level
Experienced (Non-Manager)
|
Job Description
Responsible for assuring profitable and timely completion of customer projects while maintaining high quality standards. The Project Manager is the primary contact within Fisher Valve Division on Project Managed orders. Develop and drive strategies to fulfill customer requirements while controlling costs on the project. Insure projects are executed in professional manner, as per schedule, to highest quality, to customer satisfaction and profitably.
·         Effectively manage project team including project engineers & project administrators & order administration, Engineering, and Manufacturing Project Support.
·         Act as the focal point within Fisher Valve to develop and drive strategies to fulfill customer’s requirements while controlling costs on the projects.
·         Negotiate the initial scope of project requirements , approval of procedures & documents post order and all change orders and expansions with the Customer, Sales and LBP management personnel. Identify & pursue opportunities for additional business.
·         Controls costs through effective initiation, planning, execution and control.
·         Coordinate all areas of the company toward the common objectives of the projects (quality, profitability and timeliness).
·         Responsible for several projects, including international projects (interco), at any one given time.
·         Coordinates the efforts of similar technical personnel external to the department as well as financial and order handling personnel. The Project Manager must coordinate the scope of projects to ensure profitability on projects.
·         Hold post award & Kickoff meetings and work with Project Team, the LBP, Sales Development and Support (SD&S) and Order Administration to assure customer order requirements are accurately and completely input to Fisher order processing and manufacturing systems.
·         Insure the implementation of activities required for order and change order processing.
·         Interface with the customer, LBP, and various departments within Fisher controls to resolve processing problems to support customer requested ship date.
·         Oversee the submission of project deliverables: Inspection and Test Plans, drawings, manufacturing procedures, Performance Bonds, Insurance Certificates...etc
·         Monitor project progress and submit periodic milestone status reports.
Job Requirements
·         Experience in Control Valves preferred.
·         Middle East experience would be preferred.
·         6-8  years experience in industrial valves business environment (in project management , Inside sales, Application engineering ) servicing customers /EPCs in  process industries (eg: Oil & Gas, Petrochemical & refining , Power etc), Valves business include automated & engineered pipeline valves , control valves , safety relief valves.
·         Degree in Mechanical, Electrical, Instrumentation or Chemical Engineering