Timeline Photos - EMSE Mühendislik / EMSE Engineering | Facebook
Email or PhonePasswordKeep me logged inTimeline Photos ·
·
·     Drag the corners of the box above to crop your new profile photo.Saving your new profile pictureEmse Engineering is hiring !
Outdoor Sales Executive Wanted !
We are looking for an experienced and presentable Outdoor Sales Executive (with preferance to Females) for a leading queue system manufacturer company (Queue Management Systems, customer satisfaction survey devices), the candidate must have the following criteria:...
Job Description:
- Work with direct clients to sell the products. - Evaluate, present and negotiate business opportunities. - Outdoors presentations to companies and organizations. - Meet clients and build relationships for sales. -Visiting Clients continuously for promoting new items or offers. -Finding new clients -Preparing quotations -Liaise with all levels in the customer organization as required. -Achieve or exceed the allocated sales target. -Manage accurate and timely market information related to opportunities, competition, changing trends and feed it back to Sales Director. -Keeping management informed by submitting daily activity reports to the Head of Department. -Placing Clients orders, visit reports on the system on a daily basis. - Follow up clients orders and account payments after sale.
Skills :
- Must be a holder of a Bachelor degree in Business Administration / Marketing / Commerce. - Minimum 3 Years’ UAE Experience in Sales and Marketing, preferred in Information Technology, Queue Systems and Electronics products field. -Proven success in consistently achieving sales targets. -Excellent sales, persuasive, and negotiation skills. -Expert in converting lead into client. -Adaptability, flexibility and the ability to do quality work under tight deadlines. -Self-starter, Initiative, drive and enthusiasm. -Good planning and organizational skills. -The ability to work calmly under pressure. - Should be fluent in English and Arabic (written / spoken). -Must have a valid UAE driving license. -Problem solving Skills. -Ability to handle multiple functions. -Experience in queue systems, electronics and Information Technology preferred.
Salary + bonus award model will be held. Company owned car will be provided. ( Applicants with own car are preffered) Applicants should message the page or e-mail their cvs to cem@emse.com.tr Interviews will be made in dates between 15th-23th of May in Emse Engineering's Dubai Office.
مهمة#
شغل#
منصب#
مهنة#
نتاج#
وضع#
حالة#
سمسرة#
مركز منصب#
وظيفة#
Album:Shared with:  Facebook © 2014 ·