GulfTalent.com
Arabic Media Manager
EOS Recruitment
Dubai, UAE
Posted on: 6 May 2014
THE ROLE
Expand all
One of the largest groups of Media Agency based in Dubai, UAE is currently looking for a Media Manager with the following main duties:
1. Research: Conducting/analyzing market research to know how & where to buy media space that will yield the highest R.O.I
2. Media Planning: Developing media solutions based on extensive consumer insights/media consumption habits and other market intelligence
3. Media Buying: Optimizing return on media spend through deliberate space acquisitions and targeted media activations.
4. Monitoring: Analyzing and reporting to clients on the activities of competing brands and adapting action plans to accommodate for changes in the market
5. Finance/Stewardship: Ensure on monthly basis that all financials are going smoothly from the suppliers’ and clients’ end as per client’s financial guidelines.
6. Build a wide personal network of media contacts in the GCC and internationally
7. Lead negotiations on major media deals for local and International media
8. Overlook all the Outdoor and digital buying across brands
9. Develop quarterly and annual reviews on communication planning and buying for clients
10. Work closely with the Branded Content team to develop integration strategies
REQUIREMENTS
1. Arabic is a must - preferably Lebanese - at the same should be fluent in English
2. 25 to maximum 32 years old - male or female
3. Must have minimum 3 years experience in Media Agency
4. Background in the Automotive Industry is a PLUS
5. Hardworking and pleasing personality
We consider candidates outside of UAE (specifically UK, Russia and Poland) so please include your Skype IDs on your CV if you are applying abroad.
Minimum salary of 23,000 AED - can and will go up depending on the candidate's qualifications.
ABOUT THE COMPANY
EOS Recruitment a part of EOS Management based in Dubai, UAE, is a boutique recruitment Company established to help cater for the growing demand of employment. EOS sources local and international talented professionals for UAE based clients in an effective and more importantly timely manner.
EOS Recruitment continues to support the ever growing UAE job market by providing a full bespoke service for Clients and Candidates and takes pride in the high level of service provided ensuring both needs are met every step of the way.
Send
|
|