GulfTalent.com
HSE Engineer
Ghantoot Group
Dubai, UAE
Posted on: 6 May 2014
THE ROLE
Expand all
1.	Implement the HSE policy, plan, procedures and program of the project and other referenced requirements.
2.	Ensure that all the safety requirements are taken in to consideration in all stages of planning and execution of the project. Ensure the implementation of the recommendation by the Safety Personnel. Ensure that all supervisory grades reporting to him are aware of and carry out the requirements of the program.
3.	Organize the site so that the work is carried out with minimum risk of injury to men, damage and loss to the materials and equipment.
4.	Make sure that all personal protective equipment, as called for in the program of Ghantoot and the Clients, HSE Manuals and other applicable standards are available and issued for use as and when required.
5.	Ensure that first aid equipment, facilities and a trained first aider are available on all sites on which men are working, and that all staff is aware of the action to be taken in the event of an emergency, requiring medical treatment.
6.	Ensure active participation/ attendance during safety toolbox meetings by all involved with the Project.
7.	Keep an up to date record of all information connected with accident prevention, injury reports and an analysis of accident trends to continually improve on the future accident trends to continually improve on the future accidents rates.
8.	Ensure that all managerial staff of the Project Management team is aware of the safety requirements and are implementing the same during the project execution stage.
9.	Consider General Manager’s requirement. To arrange for the training after the approval of Administration Section. Initiate new IMS document / procedure or revision to existing one.
10.	Replace IMS documents master list, receive and update documents. Receive Internal Audit Program. Decide the proposed Corrective Action Request acceptable or not. Propose Corrective Action in case of acceptance. Give justification in case of rejection of the proposed corrective action request. Follow up audit conduction.
11.	Decide for C.A /P.A. proposal. Send for C.A /P.A. proposal. Send for C.A /P.A. verification. Arrange for review of C.A.R. Send to C.A. and P.A. to General Manager for review.
12.	Send for action and for cause determination of N.C.R. or P.N.C.R. or hazard, or accident, incident or environmental aspect. Send for verification of action taken. Note the verification results. Review for cause determination and send for C.A. /P.A. proposal.
13.	Reviews of document initiated and decide. Arrange for issue / revision according to clause 4.2.3 requirements. Replace document master list. Prepare audit program periodical, unscheduled, etc. Send audit program to auditors and auditee.
14.	Record revision to program and inform concerned person. Review audit report and send to document controller. Received audit report and prepare for M.R.R. in data analysis and act accordingly for the next audit program. Review of N.C.R / P.N.C.R.
15.	Identify the need for training and evaluate training received for the employees in the section. Evaluate the relevant training.
REQUIREMENTS
B.Sc in Engineering
RTA approved HSE Professional.
More than 5 years experience in Roads and infrastructure projects.
Systematic and methodological approach to work.
Expert in handling people of diverse nationalities and renowned to be an excellent team player.
ABOUT THE COMPANY
Ghantoot Group is an organization which has varied business interests and has always come up with innovative business ideas. From civil works to electrical projects, marine works to landscaping and irrigation, pharmaceuticals to interior designing, Ghantoot Group is dedicated to turning imaginative ideas into leading products and services. It is managed by a team of highly motivated and committed professionals who have proven their expertise in their relevant discipline.The depth of our resources is reflected in the variety of projects we construct from roads to specialized electrical projects, toextensive landscaping and complex contracting. We've built it all and much more. Regardless of the scope of the project. Ghantoot Group works to meet the needs of our clients in the timeliest and most cost-efficient way and always with an eye to quality and safety.
Send
|
|