GulfTalent.com
Sales Manager – Branded Food Products
Focus Management Consultants Limited (FMCL)
Dubai, UAE
Posted on: 6 May 2014
THE ROLE
Expand all
Excellent opportunity to influence a major food brand within one of the fastest growing regions as Sales Manager for several areas across the GCC.
Following on from the successful appointment of the businesses General Manager, we have been engaged to resource an excellent Sales Manager, who will be responsible for the next step of the development for the companies sales across several markets within the GCC.
You will be responsible for working closely and in collaboration with, country distributors and retailers to increase brand identity and distribution activity. This means we are looking for someone who already has considerable experience within the GCC working closely with the distribution network.
Reporting directly into the General Manager for the region you will hold much autonomy and regional P&L accountability, as such you will have high levels of both commercial and financial acumen.
Our client is an award winning business that is one of the leading suppliers of ambient products and has a rich history of global success. The business has exceptionally high ethics within its culture and has a presence across all major markets. Recently the company has extended its presence within the GCC by investing into a Sales & Marketing facility. The business has a clear strategic vision towards growth and operates in a planned manner that contributes to overall business success. If you are looking to work with a major brand that will invest into you and provide opportunities for personal and professional growth, they don’t come much better than this business!
REQUIREMENTS
To be considered for this role it is essential that you meet the following criteria:
Have considerable experience within the GCC/ African FMCG sector (ideally within food & beverage) working within a distribution network model
Budget Management & P&L responsibility of FMCG products
Knowledge & experience of managing distributors & suppliers of FMCG products
Ideally, hold branded food & beverage product experience
This is a strategically important position for our client and as such we are looking for only the best. If you believe you meet the above criteria don’t hesitate in forwarding your CV for this Sales Manager role today.
ABOUT THE COMPANY
Focus Management Consultants Ltd (FMCL) commands a premier position in the Food and Drink recruitment industry.
Working in long term partnership with many leading manufacturers, retailers and foodservice organisations, it has developed a strong credibility in its sector for high performance standards and results delivery.
Established in 1990 in the recruitment sector, it is comprised of seven specialist divisions each offering a bespoke, confidential and targeted response to client needs, and offers candidates a route through to the leading employers in their chosen industry.
FMCL is a founding member of the International Food Recruitment Alliance, with International food recruitment partners in Denmark, France, Germany, Holland, Poland and
Spain.
Send
|
|