JDSU - Job details
Job
details
Job details Job 1 of 1
Apply to job   Send to friend   Save to cart   View similar jobs
Position Title
Mobility Account Executive (Wireless Sales)
Position Location
United Arab Emirates - Dubai
AutoReqId
18667BR
Labor Type
Employee - Regular
Full-time or Part-time
Full-time
Position Details
Target/Forecast
To achieve target order input for the area and produce an accurate and up-to-date business forecast on at least a monthly basis.
Planning and Paperwork
The ability to work together with the Sales manager and other colleagues to produce and maintain effective area development strategies.
Call Rate/Demo Rate
To achieve where possible the maximum calls/demos per week.
Area/Customer Knowledge
To develop the accounts and be aware of the decision making process within the organisation.
Establish positive relationships with customers that generate a mutual understanding of professional, commercial and personal willingness to "work together ".
Required Qualifications
Product Knowledge/Demo –Techniques/Selling Skills
Good level of product knowledge and ability to provide relevant customer solutions. The ability to present the required demonstrations and have the selling/negotiating skills necessary.
Knowledge to be sufficient to provide relevant customer solutions and recognise selling opportunities for the whole product range.
Essential Experience, Knowledge & Qualifications
Wireless GSM, UMTS and LTE is Essential
Valid driving licence
An appropriate technical qualification. (eg BSc, HNC in Telecommunications, Electronic Eng., Physics etc.)
Experience within a relevant sector of the industry
Computer literacy
Numerate
Ability to deal with the appropriate range of levels within the customer’s organisation
Desirable Experience, Knowledge & Qualifications
Prior field sales experience
Negotiating experience
Experience of test and measurement market
Essential Behavioural Skills
Excellent interpersonal skills
Ability to communicate and present information to all relevant levels
Team player
Able to develop contacts
Willingness to travel frequently throughout the assigned territory
Competitive, with a “need to win”
Smart/Professional appearance
Desirable Behavioural Skills
Willingness to travel globally (infrequently)
Desire to learn
Sense of humour
Hungry for success
Apply to job   Send to friend   Save to cart   View similar jobs