JDSU - Job details
Job
details
Job details Job 1 of 1
Apply to job   Send to friend   Save to cart   View similar jobs
Position Title
Customer Project Manager
Position Location
United Arab Emirates - Dubai
AutoReqId
18490BR
Labor Type
Employee - Regular
Full-time or Part-time
Full-time
Position Details
The Customer Project Manager accepts project assignments, coordinating with JDSU and customer teams to fulfill contract/project tasks; including negotiation of schedules, task lists, and responsibility/accountability assignments and
schedules. The project manager assures appropriate management approvals by using all established project reporting procedures. During project execution, project performance to the baseline plan is monitored, and deviations reported to
management as specified by established procedures.
The project manager will be expected to conduct effective meetings with a wide range of JDSU and customer personnel, prepare, issue meeting minutes and other project documentation, and make effective presentations to internal and external personnel at all levels of management. Some travel
is required. The project manager must act as an appropriate
representative of JDSU in marshaling JDSU and customer resources to successful project completion. Success is measured in quantitative terms by degree of compliance with schedule and cost targets, and in qualitative terms by degree of customer satisfaction and compliance with customer requirements. The project manager is responsible for fulfillment of contractual terms, and must act as the corporation's representative in a variety of situations. Therefore, a high degree of professionalism is required in this position.
Required Qualifications
Applicants must have a least a two year technical degree in Computer Technology or related technical and/or business discipline, or equivalent applicable experience.
Applicants must possess an understanding of complex System Integration and Application development. Applicants will need to be very energetic, organized, resourceful, and detail oriented.
Previous successful project management experience.
Familiarity with JDSU products or similar complex applications.
Previous history of successful customer contact, in a position where being successful meant seeing everyone's viewpoint.
General telecommunications industry experience A history of these same qualities in other industries. PC literacy with expertise in the following MicroSoft applications: Word, PowerPoint, Excel, Project
Apply to job   Send to friend   Save to cart   View similar jobs