Intern/Temp Graphic Designer Job in Dubai - Merlion Group - Bayt.com
OK
Cancel
Loading...
Loading...
Jobs
Jobs
Salaries
People Companies Specialties
- All -
- All -Algeria (12)Bahrain (114)Dubai (1518)Egypt (494)Iraq (73)Jordan (385)Kuwait (740)Lebanon (251)Libya (15)Morocco (12)Oman (96)Pakistan (34)Qatar (1058)Saudi Arabia (2759)Sri Lanka (64)Tunisia (6)UAE (3541)Yemen (3)
Loading...
Menu - []
›
› Job Description
Intern/Temp Graphic Designer
- ,
Date Posted: 2014/05/06 11:29:47
Ref. JB3047857
Job Description
Duties and Responsibilities
Key duties are interpreted as being descriptive and not restrictive in nature.
1. Develop concepts and campaigns with the team based on briefs for the Sienna brand and or any sister brands
2. Develop effective communication materials + collaterals for the Sienna
3. Develop packaging materials for the Sienna
4. Develop creative content for social media platforms (eg collages for blogs) for the Sienna
5. Plan, coordinate and organize projects and production processes ensuring completion in a timely and cost-effective manner
6. Photograph and Photoshop items if and when required
7. Maintain very organized files and records for all collateral created
8. Communicate with printers + suppliers for development of all items, both locally and internationally
9. As the design team grows, lead and manage junior designers and freelancers
10. Assist in developing and maintaining the company’s image and identity
11. Assume operational roles as required
Skills
Strong, conceptual thinker who possesses a wide range of design capabilities including print, packaging, branding, typography, catalog production, retail graphics
• Comfortable working with and managing printers with a solid understanding of the printing process
• Demonstrate strong organizational skills in order to juggle multiple projects at the same time
• Successfully manages their time, work flow and schedule in order to meet strict and sometimes aggressive deadlines
• Able to focus, with a keen attention to detail
• Possess solid presentation, listening and communication skills
• Open and receptive to design critique
• Resourceful: Able to problem solve and find multiple design solutions, especially under narrow parameters or strict budget restraints
• Able to work quickly and efficiently
• Able to collaborate with other members of the team and effectively communicate their own ideas.
• Self-driven, proactive and a team player
• Must take pride in s*uce and be passionate about growing the brand
• Expertise in InDesign, Photoshop, and Illustrator
• Adaptable and prepared to work in a fast paced, changeable environment.
• Flexible and willing to take on support assignments, as and when required.
• Composed and able to work under pressure and to shifting deadlines.
• Possess and work to the highest standard of professionalism both within the team and while representing the Sienna brand with external partners, contractors and
third-parties.
This job is posted in the following Specialties:
Job Details
Job Location:
Dubai, United Arab Emirates
Company Industry:
Retail/Wholesale
Company Type:
Employer (Private Sector)
Job Role:
Art/Design/Creative
Joining Date:
2014-05-31
Employment Status:
Full time
Employment Type:
Internship
Monthly Salary Range:
$1,000 - $2,000
Manages Others:
No
Number of Vacancies:
1
Preferred Candidate
Career Level:
Student/Internship
Years of Experience:
Min: 0 Max: 3
Residence Location:
United Arab Emirates
Gender:
Female
Nationality:
Unspecified
Degree:
Unspecified
Date Posted: 2014/05/06 11:29:47
Ref. JB3047857
Similar Jobs
Recommended Courses
Invite Your
Friends to Bayt.com
Find Jobs
About Bayt.com
Bayt.com is the leading job site in the Gulf and Middle East, connecting job seekers with employers looking to hire.
Every day, thousands of new job vacancies are listed on the award-winning platform from the region's top employers.
Company
Quick Links
Follow
© 2000-2014 Bayt.com, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
-
Reproduction of material from any Bayt.com pages without written permission is strictly prohibited.