Web Developer Job in Beirut - The Alireza Group - Bayt.com
OK
Cancel
Loading...
Loading...
Jobs
Jobs
Salaries
People Companies Specialties
- All -
- All -Algeria (12)Bahrain (114)Dubai (1518)Egypt (494)Iraq (73)Jordan (385)Kuwait (740)Lebanon (251)Libya (15)Morocco (12)Oman (96)Pakistan (34)Qatar (1058)Saudi Arabia (2759)Sri Lanka (64)Tunisia (6)UAE (3541)Yemen (3)
Loading...
Menu - []
›
› Job Description
Web Developer
- ,
Date Posted: 2014/05/06 11:54:26
Ref. JB3047883
Job Description
SAG Off Shore Lebanon is currently looking for a web developer. The position entails the development, maintenance and administration of both the frontend and backend of a bilingual (English and Arabic) social-based web platform.
Applicants should be familiar with open source software, standards and the latest web technologies and protocols. Initially, applicants will be required to familiarize themselves with the platform’s existing CMS framework for a set period of time.
Responsibilities include:
•	Web application development, and maintenance
•	Responsible for the evaluation, testing, implementation, and customization of open source components, modules, and plug-ins
•	Supporting and maintaining existing applications and user interfaces
•	Ensuring that all development work is following standards and best practices
•	Other duties as assigned
Skills
•	College degree in IT or equivalent
•	Knowledge in Python
•	Knowledge in building websites and applications using the Django framework
•	Fluency in Linux, CSS, HTML, JavaScript, JQuery, Ajax, Postgresql and Nginx.
•	A passion for the user experience and interface
•	Self-motivated with interest in learning new applications and systems
•	Ability to work in a development team
This job is posted in the following Specialties:
Education
IT or equivalent
Job Details
Job Location:
Beirut, Lebanon
Company Industry:
Information Technology
Company Type:
Employer (Private Sector)
Job Role:
Technology/IT
Joining Date:
Unspecified
Employment Status:
Full time
Employment Type:
Employee
Monthly Salary Range:
Unspecified
Manages Others:
Unspecified
Number of Vacancies:
1
Preferred Candidate
Career Level:
Mid Career
Years of Experience:
Unspecified
Residence Location:
Lebanon
Gender:
Unspecified
Nationality:
Unspecified
Degree:
Bachelor's degree / higher diploma
About This Company
The Alireza Group is a major international business group inspired by family traditions and guided by time-honored merchant principals.
The Group’s philosophy is founded on commitment to continuing growth and development in an ever-changing global market place. Its objective is to provide quality of the highest order throughout its worldwide businesses. Loyalty, trust, professionalism and international trading expertise, reinforced by the ability and determination to foster long-term relationships, are the hallmark of the Group.
For more than half a century the Group has been closely involved in the development of the oil industry, notably in the Gulf but as well as in other regions as well. The Group's interests focus on trading, engineering, support services, manufacturing, financial services and direct investment.
A crucial factor in the Group's growth and expansion over the years has been the establishment of long-standing associations with major international companies, often as joint venture partners. Integrity in these relationships has provided the foundation stone for significant new activities internationally, and has made the Group an important trading and business partner wherever it operates.
Date Posted: 2014/05/06 11:54:26
Ref. JB3047883
Similar Jobs
Recommended Courses
Invite Your
Friends to Bayt.com
Find Jobs
About Bayt.com
Bayt.com is the leading job site in the Gulf and Middle East, connecting job seekers with employers looking to hire.
Every day, thousands of new job vacancies are listed on the award-winning platform from the region's top employers.
Company
Quick Links
Follow
© 2000-2014 Bayt.com, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
-
Reproduction of material from any Bayt.com pages without written permission is strictly prohibited.