Nurse Unit Manager - NICU Job in Dubai - Mediclinic City Hospital - Bayt.com
OK
Cancel
Loading...
Loading...
Jobs
Jobs
Salaries
People Companies Specialties
- All -
- All -Algeria (12)Bahrain (115)Dubai (1538)Egypt (498)Iraq (77)Jordan (391)Kuwait (740)Lebanon (251)Libya (16)Morocco (12)Oman (96)Pakistan (34)Qatar (1061)Saudi Arabia (2772)Sri Lanka (64)Tunisia (6)UAE (3566)Yemen (3)
Loading...
Menu - []
Closed or Expired Job Posting This job posting is closed or has expired and is no longer open for applications.
›
› Job Description
Nurse Unit Manager - NICU
- ,
Ref. JB3047725
Job Description
The Nurse Manager, as a member of the Nursing Administration and clinical team, is responsible for providing nursing leadership within the unit and in assisting in the achievement of service goals in accordance with Mediclinic City Hospital directions. The Nurse Manager is accountable for ensuring the delivery of competent, quality nursing care at an advanced level in her/his Unit using a Patient and Family Centred Model of Care.
Key Outputs:
Fulfill the accountabilities of this role in accordance with Mediclinic Middle East’s and Mediclinic City Hospital's core values.
Implement bed management practices that are consistent and coordinated and includes processes such as predicting bed demand, long-stay patient rounding, demand management strategies.
Maintenance of an adequately trained and supported nursing workforce that is competent to practice across the continuum of care, ensuring that there is an adequate skill mix.
Provide advanced level clinical nursing leadership which supports organizational culture, provision of excellence in clinical care and best practice in patient flow and bed management.
Maintenance of personal professional knowledge of contemporary nursing care theory and practice, relevant legislation, guidelines and best practice standards in clinical care and patient flow.
Identification of appropriate performance measures to monitor and evaluate clinical care and patient flow outcomes which are utilized to lead the identification and implementation of quality and service improvement activities with consideration given to the FOCUSPDCA’ cycle of quality improvement.
Accountable for the provision of leadership within a legal, professional and ethical framework that supports quality, effective and contemporary patient care.
Accountable for the professional development of self and others utilizing contemporary practice in the delivery of improved standards of care.
Accountable for promoting effective and cost efficient management of hospital resources; including human resources, material resources and patient flow resources and services within and available to the Mediclinic City Hospital in collaboration with the Hospital Directorate Team.
Maintain a high standard of professionalism within self and others by means of proper communication and collaboration amongst all customers.
Accountable for the application of JCIA standards, patient safety and risk management strategies and requirements in your unit.
Accountable for the effective and efficient use of all Human and Consumable resources.
Accountable for all reports and data to be collected and completed within the timeframes allocated.
Accountable for ensuring all staff are oriented and developing in the unit.
Accountable for documenting and reporting all incidents.
Skills
Licensing & Education:
Bachelor of Nursing Science or Diploma in Nursing (minimum of 3 years duration) from a recognized Nursing Institute.
Proof of valid registration as a Registered Nurse from home country, or an internationally recognized body.
Post Registration qualification in Neonatology or qualification in Nursing Management.
Specialized Skills/Abilities/Experience Required:
Minimum of five years senior nursing experience; preferably in a private hospital.
Ability to direct advanced nursing care in complex situations for patients.
Ability to monitor and adjust medical equipment used in the care and treatment of patients.
Ability to provide emotional and psychological support to parents and families of patients.
Ability to make and communicate ethical decisions to achieve organizational goals.
Ability to understand, comply with and utilize procedures, policies, regulations and standards that impact upon the position; including contemporary human resource management requirements and practices.
Generic Skills/Abilities/Experience Required:
Demonstrated ability to deliver quality patient care in the ward/unit that you will be employed.
Demonstrated ability to work in a multidisciplinary team.
Demonstrated commitment to quality improvement for better health outcomes.
Fluency in written and spoken English (Arabic language skills are well regarded).
High level of verbal and written communication skills.
High level of interpersonal and organizational skills.
Demonstrated competence in working autonomously as required.
Demonstrated ability to prioritize tasks and meet deadlines.
Good computer literacy.
Ability to function effectively under pressure.
Ability to promote excellence in patient care through mentoring and quality management.
Job Details
Job Location:
Dubai, United Arab Emirates
Company Industry:
Healthcare, Practitioner and Technician
Company Type:
Employer (Private Sector)
Job Role:
Healthcare/Medical
Joining Date:
Unspecified
Employment Status:
Full time
Employment Type:
Employee
Monthly Salary Range:
Unspecified
Manages Others:
Yes
Number of Vacancies:
1
Preferred Candidate
Career Level:
Management
Years of Experience:
Min: 5 Max: 20
Residence Location:
Unspecified
Gender:
Female
Nationality:
Algeria; Australia; Austria; Bahrain; Belgium; Canada; Comoros; Denmark; Djibouti; Egypt; Finland; France; Germany; Great Britain (UK); Greece; Iceland; Iraq; Ireland; Italy; Jordan; Kuwait; Lebanon; Libya; Luxembourg; Mauritania; Morocco; Netherlands; New Zealand; Norway; Oman; Palestine; Portugal; Qatar; Saudi Arabia; Somalia; Spain; Sudan; Sweden; Switzerland; Syria; Tunisia; United Arab Emirates; United Kingdom; United States; Yemen
Degree:
Bachelor's degree / higher diploma
About This Company
Mediclinic Middle East is part of Mediclinic International, one of the top 10 listed private hospital groups in the world with 52 healthcare facilities in Southern Africa, 14 in Switzerland under the name Hirslanden AG and 10 in the UAE. Their headquarters are in Stellenbosch, South Africa.Mediclinic Middle East owns and operates some of the most respected healthcare facilities in the region. These include Mediclinic Welcare Hospital, Mediclinic City Hospital, Mediclinic Dubai Mall, Mediclinic Ibn Battuta, Mediclinic Meadows, Mediclinic Arabian Ranches, Mediclinic Mirdif, Mediclinic Al Qusais, Mediclinic Al Sufouh and Mediclinic Beach Road. Mediclinic Middle East operates according to the same brand values as Mediclinic International, namely the ‘Science of Care’.
Ref. JB3047725
Similar Jobs
Recommended Courses
Invite Your
Friends to Bayt.com
Find Jobs
About Bayt.com
Bayt.com is the leading job site in the Gulf and Middle East, connecting job seekers with employers looking to hire.
Every day, thousands of new job vacancies are listed on the award-winning platform from the region's top employers.
Company
Quick Links
Follow
© 2000-2014 Bayt.com, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
-
Reproduction of material from any Bayt.com pages without written permission is strictly prohibited.