AV Installation & Programmer Engineer (Full Time) Job in Jeddah - BT Advanced Business Solutions - Bayt.com
OK
Cancel
Loading...
Loading...
Jobs
Jobs
Salaries
People Companies Specialties
- All -
- All -Algeria (12)Bahrain (115)Dubai (1538)Egypt (498)Iraq (77)Jordan (391)Kuwait (740)Lebanon (251)Libya (16)Morocco (12)Oman (96)Pakistan (34)Qatar (1061)Saudi Arabia (2772)Sri Lanka (64)Tunisia (6)UAE (3566)Yemen (3)
Loading...
Menu - []
›
› Job Description
AV Installation & Programmer Engineer (Full Time)
- ,
Date Posted: 2014/05/06 08:14:42
Ref. JB3046950
Job Description
Mubadra is seeking a talented and experienced AV installation & Programmer Engineer for both audio and video systems, with relevant experience in both installation and integration where a great future awaits the right individual with the skills to succeed.
The role of the programmer is a vital part of the overall system integration in the AV industry. The programmer is often asked to interact with the end-user to determine what functionality is needed from a system. At the conclusion of a job, the programmer may be tasked with verifying that everything is working properly. Identifying how the programmer is expected to interact with project team members at a jobsite is crucial.
Description:
	Installing and integrating audio visual equipment and control systems in the market and projects.
	Build, manage and lead a team of A/V Professionals and sub-contractors remotely and local.
	Provide technical support on A/V hardware, control systems, and signal issues.
	Develop standard operating procedures and processes for A/V team.
	Develop As-Built drawings and manage the approvals with project consultant accordingly.
	Review and approve all paperwork from your team including but not limited to, installation updates and support ticket status.
	Study pre-construction design and documentation electromechanical, interior design, furniture drawings to check if AV requirements are considered.
	Installation & Termination of all Coax, Data, Control, Power Cables, etc.
	AV control systems programming, including integrating room monitoring software.
	Applicant must be able to maintain existing AV control system and modify existing programming as needed and control aspects of an integrated audio visual solution.
	Give the fullest control options available for your Audio Visual programmable system.
	Develop standard operating procedures and processes for A/V control system.
	Updates and revises code on existing projects to accommodate needs of newly installed equipment.
Requirements:
	At least 1-2 years in audio visual installation, Programming (AMX/Crestron/Control4) and commissioning.
	Bachelor degree of Telecommunication, Electrical, or related technical degree or equivalent experience.
	Familiar with all stages of the project from engineering to installation to project management.
	Have excellent soldering, crimp and terminating skills.
	The ideal candidate will have at least one year experience of production and wiring methods and carried out previous installation work in the electrical / AV industry.
	IT Skills – operation of Microsoft Office applications and CAD would be of benefit.
	ACE and CTS line of certifications is highly preferred.
	Crestron/AMX/Extron certifications are preferred.
	Very good understanding of networking and nice to have Cisco certificate (CCNA).
	High level programming background such as C+, FORTRAN, HTML, Crestron Simple+, or AMX Netlinx line coding.
Skills
	Have strong mechanical skills, Strong customer skills and professional attitude.
	Good project management skills and be able to communicate effectively.
	Ability to carry out installation activities on time, and to keep the budgeted number of hours for each job.
	Ability to work and deliver under pressure is essential.
	Be organized, flexible and able to approach different types of tasks during the working day
	Accuracy and attention to detail, administrative accuracy and good follow-up skills.
	Work independently - Effective interaction with employees, customers and colleagues.
	Availability to work outside of normal scheduled work hours and travel as needed.
	Ability to successfully handle multiple tasks / projects with minimum directions.
	Proficiency in understanding schematic diagrams of complex AV control systems.
This job is posted in the following Specialties:
Education
Computer Science, Computer Engineer, Tele-communication Engineer
Job Details
Job Location:
Jeddah , Saudi Arabia
Company Industry:
Computer/Software; Computer/Hardware
Company Type:
Employer (Private Sector)
Job Role:
Technology/IT
Joining Date:
2014-06-01
Employment Status:
Full time
Employment Type:
Employee
Monthly Salary Range:
Unspecified
Manages Others:
Yes
Number of Vacancies:
2
Preferred Candidate
Career Level:
Mid Career
Years of Experience:
Min: 2
Residence Location:
Saudi Arabia
Gender:
Unspecified
Degree:
Bachelor's degree / higher diploma
About This Company
BT Business Solutions manages large-scaled projects, providing the design, architecture, development, integration, and operational support of complex technology solutions to serve its clients’ business-critical needs and transform visions to value
Date Posted: 2014/05/06 08:14:42
Ref. JB3046950
Recommended Courses
Invite Your
Friends to Bayt.com
Find Jobs
About Bayt.com
Bayt.com is the leading job site in the Gulf and Middle East, connecting job seekers with employers looking to hire.
Every day, thousands of new job vacancies are listed on the award-winning platform from the region's top employers.
Company
Quick Links
Follow
© 2000-2014 Bayt.com, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
-
Reproduction of material from any Bayt.com pages without written permission is strictly prohibited.