AV Designer and Pre-sales Engineer (Full Time) Job in Jeddah - BT Advanced Business Solutions - Bayt.com
OK
Cancel
Loading...
Loading...
Jobs
Jobs
Salaries
People Companies Specialties
- All -
- All -Algeria (12)Bahrain (115)Dubai (1538)Egypt (498)Iraq (77)Jordan (391)Kuwait (740)Lebanon (251)Libya (16)Morocco (12)Oman (96)Pakistan (34)Qatar (1061)Saudi Arabia (2772)Sri Lanka (64)Tunisia (6)UAE (3566)Yemen (3)
Loading...
Menu - []
›
› Job Description
AV Designer and Pre-sales Engineer (Full Time)
- ,
Date Posted: 2014/05/06 08:14:14
Ref. JB3046955
Job Description
Mubadra is looking for a talented AV Pre-Sales and design Engineer to join our team to work closely with sales team, client, contractor and project consultant to provide professional audiovisual solutions to meet client requirements and satisfaction.
Responsibilities:
	Understand clients’ requests, manage their expectation, and Convert client criteria into functional audio/video system designs.
	Conduct site survey and gather relevant information from clients in order to come up with workable and efficient/cost effective AV system design or solution.
	Generate AV Flow Diagrams using Microsoft Visio and/or CAD.
	Develop cost estimates, Rack configuration and BOM from simple to broad complexity.
	Review pre-construction design and documentation.
	Determine appropriate furniture which will serve Audio Visual System.
	Coordinating with other trades within projects to study and solve project conflicts and issues.
	Studying electromechanical, interior design, furniture drawings to check if AV requirements are considered.
	Be able to write a description of the system functionality to be incorporated in a sales proposal.
	Develop conceptual block diagrams for use in sales proposals.
	Prepare technical submittals as well as providing detailed scopes of work.
	Prepare system design and the corresponding estimates along with having an understanding of labor needed to complete the solution.
	Plan rack layouts using best practices guidelines as well as practical considerations.
	Floor plan diagrams locating floor box(s), AV junction box, A/C power, voice/data, microphone, AV rack, speaker and AV signal cable locations and requirements.
	Develop projection studies including proper lens requirements for system displays.
	Interface with operations team to supply clarity regarding what is to be delivered to customers post sale
	Coordinate with all team members to have the final system design.
Requirements:
	Minimum 1-2 years audiovisual technologies and customer facing experience in pre-sales engineering, technical design.
	Bachelor degree of Telecommunication,
Electrical Engineering, or related technical degree or equivalent experience.
	Familiar with all stages of the project from engineering to installation to project management.
	Knowledge and experience on audio and video systems such as Cisco, Polycom, Tandberg, Crestron, AMX, Biamp, Extron, AKG, JBL, etc.
	Practical experience in different Audio Visual projects setup.
	Extensive background in A/V system integration engineering, design, installation and project management are preferred.
	Good experience with CAD.
	CTS line of certifications is highly preferred.
	Crestron/AMX/Extron certifications are preferred.
	Very good understanding of networking and nice to have Cisco certificate (CCNA).
	Competent user of Microsoft office 2010 (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Visio, outlook).
Skills
	Accuracy and attention to detail, administrative accuracy and good follow-up skills.
	Work independently - Effective interaction with employees, customers and colleagues.
	Availability to work outside of normal scheduled work hours and travel as needed.
	Ability to successfully handle multiple tasks / projects with minimum directions.
	Research new products to remain current on technology solutions.
	Decision making and oral communication skills.
	Have the ability to finish tasks before its deadlines.
	Excellent verbal and customer service skills.
	Problem solving and trouble shooting skills.
	Obey Management rules and instructions.
	Lateral thinking to problems.
	Self-Initiative.
	Excellent communication skills, both written and oral, including the ability to describe project and product deliverables in a manner that is understandable to both developers and customers.
	Excellent presentation skills and experience presenting alongside Sales professionals.
	Strong liaison and negotiation skills with client, AV vendors and contractors.
	Able to work under pressure and fast-paced environment, and willing to work extended hours.
Education
Computers & Computer Information systems
Job Details
Job Location:
Jeddah , Saudi Arabia
Company Industry:
Computer/Software; Computer/Hardware
Company Type:
Employer (Private Sector)
Job Role:
Technology/IT
Joining Date:
2014-06-01
Employment Status:
Full time
Employment Type:
Employee
Monthly Salary Range:
Unspecified
Manages Others:
Yes
Number of Vacancies:
2
Preferred Candidate
Career Level:
Mid Career
Years of Experience:
Min: 2
Residence Location:
Saudi Arabia
Gender:
Unspecified
Degree:
Bachelor's degree / higher diploma
About This Company
BT Business Solutions manages large-scaled projects, providing the design, architecture, development, integration, and operational support of complex technology solutions to serve its clients’ business-critical needs and transform visions to value
Date Posted: 2014/05/06 08:14:14
Ref. JB3046955
Recommended Courses
Invite Your
Friends to Bayt.com
Find Jobs
About Bayt.com
Bayt.com is the leading job site in the Gulf and Middle East, connecting job seekers with employers looking to hire.
Every day, thousands of new job vacancies are listed on the award-winning platform from the region's top employers.
Company
Quick Links
Follow
© 2000-2014 Bayt.com, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
-
Reproduction of material from any Bayt.com pages without written permission is strictly prohibited.