Recruitment Specialists - Clinical Job in Qatar - Randstad Middle East - Bayt.com
OK
Cancel
Loading...
Loading...
Jobs
Jobs
Salaries
People Companies Specialties
- All -
- All -Algeria (12)Bahrain (115)Dubai (1538)Egypt (498)Iraq (77)Jordan (391)Kuwait (740)Lebanon (251)Libya (16)Morocco (12)Oman (96)Pakistan (34)Qatar (1061)Saudi Arabia (2772)Sri Lanka (0)Tunisia (6)UAE (3566)Yemen (3)
Loading...
Menu - []
›
› Job Description
Recruitment Specialists - Clinical
-
Date Posted: 2014/05/06 07:45:19
Ref. JB3047744
Job Description
Reporting into the Recruitment Manager, the Recruitment Specialist - Clinical assists with workforce planning and will be responsible for recruitment advertising and sourcing, conducting first round interviews, assessments, background checks, salary negotiation, and executing employment agreements to support the Company Talent Acquisition program.
The Recruitment Specialist - Clinical will work closely with hiring managers to ensure a high level of service is provided, and the best available talent acquired.
Responsibilities:
•	Meets with relevant hiring managers to obtain a full in-depth briefing of roles.
•	Creates the recruitment strategy to meet the needs of Clinical recruitment.
•	Places adverts in relevant trade journals/job boards.
•	Sources candidates via direct methods to reduce reliance on third party vendors.
•	Attends conferences and other networking events to maximize recruitment opportunities.
•	Conducts first round interviews to provide the hiring manages with a fully qualified short list.
•	Uses appropriate assessment tools to test technical capabilities.
•	Obtains references and security checks
•	Arranges and attends final interviews.
•	Prepares and extends offers after obtaining appropriate offer authorization.
•	Participates in contract negotiation with candidates.
•	Ensures the ATS (Sniperhire) is maintained at all times.
•	Uploads candidates into the mobilization system.
•	Ensures all candidates receive the appropriate feedback on their application promptly.
•	Works closely with colleagues to create a strong team environment to support all recruitment efforts.
•	Adheres to Company’s standards as they appear in the Code of Conduct and Conflict of Interest policies
•	This position may be required to perform other duties as assigned and reporting relationships may vary.
Skills
Requirements:
•	Bachelor Degree within relevant discipline.
•	10 years relevant experience and 5+ years should be in clinical recruitment experience
•	Experienced interviewer with the ability to write appropriate questions and coach hiring managers in the use of best recruitment practice interview techniques
•	Fluency in written and spoken English
Skills:
•	Demonstrated excellent communication skills
•	Demonstrated ability to evaluate and re-design recruitment strategies, systems and
processes
•	Demonstrated ability to use impartial judgment and retain and impart confidential
information appropriately
•	Effective business writing skills including the ability to produce advertisements, job
descriptions and reports
•	Demonstrated strong consultation and negotiation skills and the ability to persuade candidates
•	Ability to work on own initiative and make judgments involving the analysis of facts or
situations
•	Tact and diplomacy and strong work ethic when dealing with sensitive issues
•	Demonstrated ability to provide a polite, caring and timely service to all hiring managers and candidates
•	Proficiency in the use of Applicant Tracking Systems.
•	Proficiency with Microsoft Office suite
This job is posted in the following Specialties:
Job Details
Job Location:
Qatar
Company Industry:
Healthcare, other; Information Technology; Human Resources
Company Type:
Recruitment Agency
Job Role:
Human Resources/Personnel
Joining Date:
Unspecified
Employment Status:
Full time
Employment Type:
Unspecified
Monthly Salary Range:
Unspecified
Manages Others:
Unspecified
Number of Vacancies:
1
Preferred Candidate
Career Level:
Mid Career
Years of Experience:
Unspecified
Residence Location:
Qatar
Gender:
Unspecified
Nationality:
Unspecified
Degree:
Unspecified
About This Company
Randstad MENA are the leading specialist recruiter in the Middle East & North Africa. With an enviable reputation worldwide, we have an established and respected presence in the Middle East and North Africa and are the preferred choice for specialist staffing solutions in more customary and emerging markets across the entire region.
Date Posted: 2014/05/06 07:45:19
Ref. JB3047744
Recommended Courses
Invite Your
Friends to Bayt.com
Find Jobs
About Bayt.com
Bayt.com is the leading job site in the Gulf and Middle East, connecting job seekers with employers looking to hire.
Every day, thousands of new job vacancies are listed on the award-winning platform from the region's top employers.
Company
Quick Links
Follow
© 2000-2014 Bayt.com, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
-
Reproduction of material from any Bayt.com pages without written permission is strictly prohibited.