GulfTalent.com
Quantity Surveyor
Ghantoot Group
Dubai, UAE
Posted on: 6 May 2014
THE ROLE
Expand all
1.	Derive rates for new items, if any and prepare cost estimates with supporting documents for the claim.
2.	Keep separate records for all the works carried out under various change orders / variations and claims for inclusion in the valuations upon approval.
3.	Collect details of budgeted cost, costing methodology and rates & quotations received at tender stages.
4.	At start up stage prepare comparative statements for material / Source and Sub contractor selection together with the budgeted rates.
5.	During execution phase, calculate actual current cost against revenue and make cost analysis regularly.
6.	Upon project completion, calculate actual cost based on the total expenditure for material, plant, labor and incidentals. Make comparative statement with actual revenue and budgeted cost.
7.	Prepare details required for cost calculation.
8.	Receive all data required / requested from all sources.
9.	Prepare budget and devise a costing methodology for monitoring the project expenditure and profitability throughout the execution period. Compile all data like labor cost, plant and equipment cost, material cost, subcontractors work done both internal and external, general expenses, camp maintenance, changes etc. and prepare cost statement.
10.	Compile all details required for preparation of payment.
11.	Receive all the details required for payment preparation, prepare payment and forward to P.M. and receive documents from ATM and check / calculate quantities.
12.	Prepare documents for sending enquiries to suppliers and sub contractors.
13.	Receive copies of quotations from ATM and prepare comparative statements.
14.	Receive details from Site Engineer and Surveyor and prepare request and forward to Site Engineer and receive approved request and process for payment.
15.	Prepare material requirement and forward to Project Manager.
16.	Receive advice from Project Manager about starting of work and work accordingly.
17.	Receiving contract documents from Office Manager/Office Engineer.
18.	Prepare necessary details required for preparing shop drawing and forward to Office Manager/Office Engineer.
19.	Receive copy of approved shop drawings
20.	Receive details from Site Engineer and Surveyor and submit request to Consultant.
21.	Receive approved request and prepare for payment upon completion of project/month end
22.	Initiate new IMS document / procedure or revision to existing one.
23.	Replace IMS documents master list, receive and update documents.
24.	Receive Internal Audit Program.
25.	Decide the proposed Corrective Action Request acceptable or not.
26.	Propose Corrective Action in case of acceptance.
27.	Give justification in case of rejection of the proposed corrective action request.
28.	Follow up audit conduction.
29.	Identify the need for training and evaluate training received for the employees in the section.
REQUIREMENTS
B.Sc / B.Tech Civil Engineering
Sound Knowledge in Auto Cad 2004,2007 and 2010 and familiar with Ms Office ( Word,Excel,PowerPoint(
Microstation
Competent, Committed, Self Motivated and enthusiastic.
Experienced in Roads & Infrastructure.
ABOUT THE COMPANY
Ghantoot Group is an organization which has varied business interests and has always come up with innovative business ideas. From civil works to electrical projects, marine works to landscaping and irrigation, pharmaceuticals to interior designing, Ghantoot Group is dedicated to turning imaginative ideas into leading products and services. It is managed by a team of highly motivated and committed professionals who have proven their expertise in their relevant discipline.The depth of our resources is reflected in the variety of projects we construct from roads to specialized electrical projects, toextensive landscaping and complex contracting. We've built it all and much more. Regardless of the scope of the project. Ghantoot Group works to meet the needs of our clients in the timeliest and most cost-efficient way and always with an eye to quality and safety.
Send
|
|