Medical Information Officers Jobs in Novartis Pharma (Pakistan) Limited, Faisalabad, Pakistan | JI69039
Job Seeker Login:
|
If you're looking to post a job or searching resumes, go to our employer website
Medical Information Officers Jobs in Multi Locations
Company Name
Novartis Pharma (Pakistan) Limited
Job Functional Area
Job Title
Medical Information Officers
Job Location
, , , , , , , , , , ,
Required Gender
Male/Female
Degree Title
Science Graduates (preferably Pharmacy)
Minimum Experience
1 Year
Posted on
May 04, 2014
Last Date to Apply
May 14, 2014
Job Description
Are you looking to work in a dynamic environment where YOU can make a difference?
Novartis is looking for ambitious and energetic candidates (male/female) who are effective team players with leadership qualities to join us as part of our Sales Team in the capacity of "Medical Information Officers" to be based at following locations:
- Karachi
- Hyderabad
- Sukkur
- Multan
- Lahore/Gujranwala
- Faisalabad/Sargodha
- Rawalpindi/Islamabad
- Peshawar
Candidate must meet following criteria:
Science Graduates (preferably Pharmacy) 1-2 years sales experience in Pharmaceuticals, sound knowledge of geographical areas, good communication skills, computer literate.Company OverviewNovartis is a research based global leader in healthcare, with more than 135,000 associates around the globe with affiliates in more than 140 countries. We share a vision of a better today and tomorrow for patients - a vision that drives our growth and success.
Our purpose is to care and to cure and part of this purpose is working to enhance access to our medicines. More than 1.2 billion patients around the world are treated by Novartis products annually.Apply Instructions for This Job
Please email your resume & photograph by May 14, 2014 on following address: Find Similar Jobs Nutritionist (1 No)
3- Nursing Aid (1 No)
Qualification:
Experience is a must, 25 to 40 years old.
Any nationality.
For 3 position not required a nursing o ... Affairs will be preferred.
2- Assistant Administrator Evening:
- MBBS
- with 03 to 05 years experience in Hospital Administration.
- Diploma in Hospital Administr ... start work with us from early May.
The language used in the administration will be English. Some positions will require Arabic/English languages.
Nurse - Male ( ... and striving for continuous quality improvement.
Applicants should have:
A Baccalaureate Degree in Nursing (BScN) and Diploma in Midwifery from ... for the following positions to be based at Gujranwala:
1- PHARMACIST:
- Qualification: B. Pharm / Pharm D.
- Experience: Fresh graduate or having 01 year Pharm ...
More Jobs
,
, Find Relevant Functional Area Jobs, , , , ,
* Your Full Name:
* Your Email Address:
* Friends' Email Addresses:
[Separate email addresses with comma, max 3 emails at a time]
Job Title:
Medical Information Officers
Add Note (Optional):
Log in to save this job, and find the jobs you saved already! If you are new at Careermidway.com, please
Email Address:
Password:
Enter your email address. You will receive a notification email with details on login information.
Enter email address
Post Comments on this Job
Relevant comments on this job are highly appreciated.
Please use personal name or nickname rather keywords in the name field.
Comments filling the fields with anchor text to spam this site and search engines may be edited, have URLs removed, or deleted entirely.
Your Name:
Your Email:
Show Email:
Check this to show your email address alongwith your name/comments.
Your Comments:
Enter Code*:
International Jobs
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
© Copyright 2014 All rights reserved Careermidway.com
|
|
|
|