Government Jobs in Dubai | Ways2find Companies
Menu
Job Title: Assistant Engineer Instrumentation & Controls Ref. No. W&C/ME/08/14 Job Location: Dubai, UAE Company: DEWA a Government entity invites qualified and experienced professionals. Date of posting: 06/05/2014 Requirements: Degree/Diploma in Instrumentation &Control and Electronics 3-5 years of Corrective & Preventive Maintenance experience required in Water Utility field Instrumentations (Pressure Transmitter, Flow Meter, Level Transmitter, Analyzer Transmitter,...
Job Title: Assistant Engineer Domestic Meters /Bulk Meters Ref. No. W&C/ME/16/14 Job Location: Dubai, UAE Company: DEWA a Government entity invites qualified and experienced professionals. Date of posting: 06/05/2014 Requirements: Degree/Diploma in Electrical/Electronics/Instrumentation Engineering Minimum 3/5 years experience in installation, testing, commissioning, communication and integration of electromagnetic /ultrasonic/ electronic intelligent domestic water meters, energy meters, data loggers, interface-units,...
Job Title: Technician House Connection Maintenance Ref. No. W&C/WM/20/14 Job Location: Dubai, UAE Company: DEWA a Government entity invites qualified and experienced professionals. Date of posting: 06/05/2014 Requirements: Higher Secondary Certificate/Trade Certificate In Plumbing. Minimum 3 years of Field Experience in Maintenance/replacement / repairing of water pipes. Physically fit to work in rotational shifts. Should possess valid...
Job Title: Assistant Engineer MEP Maintenance Ref. No. W&C/ME/15/14 Job Location: Dubai, UAE Company: DEWA a Government entity invites qualified and experienced professionals. Date of posting: 06/05/2014 Requirements: Degree /Diploma in Electrical Engineering with 3-5 years experience in MEP, maintenance & troubleshooting of Motorized Doors , Fire alarm system ,High mast lights domestic water pumps, cable fault...
Job Title: Supervisor – SCADA Ref. No. W&C/WO/02/14 Job Location: Dubai, UAE Company: DEWA a Government entity invites qualified and experienced professionals. Date of posting: 06/05/2014 Requirements: Degree/ Diploma / Trade Certificate in Mechnical / Electrical Engineering. Minimum 5 years experience on operation of large water network or equivalent. Must have the knowledge in SCADA operation system...
Job Title: Assistant Engineer – Electrical Maintenance Ref. No. W&C/ME/12/14 Job Location: Dubai, UAE Company: DEWA a Government entity invites qualified and experienced professionals. Date of posting: 06/05/2014 Requirements: Degree in Electrical & Electronics Engineering with 3-5 years of experience in maintenance, troubleshooting and repair/replacement of LV & MV VFD, Soft Starter, Motors, Motor Control Panels, Switchgear...
Job Title: Asst. Supervisor- Water N/W Ref. No. W&C/WO/04/14 Job Location: Dubai, UAE Company: DEWA a Government entity invites qualified and experienced professionals. Date of posting: 06/05/2014 Requirements: Trade Certificate or Secondary School Certificate. Minimum 3 to 5 years of experience with large water network. Knowledge of water network equipments is essential. Should posses UAE manual driving...
Job Title: Engineer – Control System Ref. No. W&C/ME/13/14 Job Location: Dubai, UAE Company: DEWA a Government entity invites qualified and experienced professionals. Date of posting: 06/05/2014 Requirements: Degree /Diploma in Engineering with 5-8 years of experience in designing, engineering, software development, project execution in the field of PLC, SCADA and Industrial Networks. Shall be well conversant...
Job Title: SR. Planning Specialist Ref. No. P&WP/DP/22/14 Job Location: Dubai, UAE Company: DEWA a Government entity invites qualified and experienced professionals. Date of posting: 06/05/2014 Requirements: Masters Degree in Electrical Power System Engineering, Over 12 years of proven experience with a power utilities or power systems consultancy firms. Experience and knowledge in relevant IEC and /or...
Job Title: Assistant Technician Ref. No. W&C/W0/06/14 Job Location: Dubai, UAE Company: DEWA a Government entity invites qualified and experienced professionals. Date of posting: 06/05/2014 Requirements: Trade Certificate / HSC with 3-5 years experience Experience in handling Water network Equipments such as Pump, Motor, Motorized valves, Flow Transmitter, Pressure Transmitter, Inspection of water network valves. Should be...
So Are You Looking for a Job in Government Companies in Dubai.Then Continue Reading
So Below we Manually Searched & Listed all the Dubai Government Organization details and Their Jobs & Careers Page link.From Here You will Be able to access all jobs & Careers in Dubai Government Organization or Company
GOVERNMENT DEPARTMENTS
PUBLIC CORPORATIONS
LAW ENFORCEMENT BODIES
PUBLIC AUTHORITIES
57 thoughts on “Government Jobs in Dubai”
veeresh
i looking for electrical draftman post…
Juvairiya Abdul saleem
Pls inform…
Dear sir,
This is Thirupathi I am working in saudi Arabia as a Emergency Technician(Fire & Safety Technician) in airport fire services with Alpha Star Aviation Services I have 5 years experience with Indian And Saudi driving licence. if any vacancies please
could you forward to me…I am looking to lead fire fighter in any fire services
with family residential visa.
with Regards
Thirupathi,
Hala
is there any quality assurance engineer vacancy?
Asad Shazad
Dear Sir Madam
I am 15 years experienced, PMP certified project manager, major experience in telecom access network project management and telecom access network GSM BSS operation and maintenance in a biggest mobile phone operator in Pakistan.
Would like to offer my services against any suitable position.
Regards:
Asad Shahzad
00923008667060
Kunal Kukreja
Dear Sir
I am having 7.6 years of experience in the field of Project Design Engineering, Project Coordination & Procurement activities for Oil and Gas, Power Plant & Cement Plant Industries in an EPC MNC environment.
Request you to review my profile and consider my resume against any existing job opening with Project Management profile.
I look forward to work with your company and believe that my knowledge and experience will make me a very competitive candidate. Awaiting for your prompt and positive response.
Regards
Kunal Kukreja
Abu Dhabi
+971-55-8068121
i have 2 years experince
in data entry and my visa is about to expire . i am looking for job . kindly plss inform of any vacancies
Joumana Ataya
dear sir : is thier any jobs for accountant
thanks alot
lekha achar
I have got 8 years experienced in customer service.pleade let me know if there is any vacanies.
kalpesh kavi
Dear Sir/Mam,
Wish to join as a Maintenance supervisor
George joseph
Der sir,
I am having 2.8 years experience in UAE (Abu Dhabi) As a Mechanical Engineer Draughtsman
cum Program tool Designer I have 4 years experience
in ship-building (Hull) side.
Request you to review my profile and consider my resume against any existing job opening with Project Management profile.
I look forward to work with your company and believe that my knowledge and experience will make me a very competitive candidate. Awaiting for your prompt and positive response.
jenevive m dmello
Looking for executive assistant job having 15 years plus experience in similar field.
George joseph
Dear sir,
I am having 2.8 years experience in UAE (Abu Dhabi) As a Mechanical Engineer Draughtsman cum Program tool Designer I have 4 years experience in ship-building (Hull) side.
Request you to review my profile and consider my resume against any existing job opening with Project Management profile.
I look forward to work with your company and believe that my knowledge and experience will make me a very competitive candidate. Awaiting for your prompt and positive response.
George Joseph
+971554868184(UAE)
+919447375037(IND)
jenevive m dmello
Dear sir,
looking for executive assistant job in oil and gas companies having more than 15 years experience.
kindly contact on my email.
Sarfaraz Ghulam
Dear Sir / Madam’
My name is Sarfaraz Ghulam I’m working in dubai last 14 years in hospitality industry I have worked in lot of branded hotels such as star wood,
movepick, Emaar hospitality , HMH (company of H.H Shiekh AL QASMI Sharjha Shiekh and currently working with Abidos hotels as cluster room division director.
at the moment I am looking forward to work in big organisation as such I was use to work
I hope I will be able to part of your big organisation looking forward to hear from you soon Insha Allah
Sarfaraz Ghulam
0558097914
SYEDA SAMEENA FARAZ
DEAR SIR,
IAM LOOKING THE JOB IN ADMIN OR IN ACCOUNTS ASSIUATANT POST,
I HAVE WORK EXPERIENCE OF 9 YEARS.
THANKS WITH REGARDS
SYEDA SAMEENA FARAZ
055-7026701
Zeeshan Ali
Respected Sir,
I am petroleum and gas engineer. I have 2 years related field experience and want a job in your company related to petroleum. I am hard working and more skillful. I want any related petroleum job if there is any opportunity. I am now a days in Abu Dhabi but doing irrelevant job here, and want job related to my field in a good environment., i will work on any post. Please help me for this job. I will be waiting for your response. Thanks
Regards,
Zeeshan Ali
0097152-8597265
Skype ID. zeeshan.pg
i am looking for Electronic engineering job if you have any vacancy of my related field please reply me..
ABDO EZALDEEN
Mechanical Engineer
Baghdad Street, Damascus, Syria
Home phone: 00963(933)930827
Mobile: 00963(968)323521
E-mail:
Date: 2/26/2014
Human Resource Department.
Dear Sir, Madam;
I am interested in finding a position at the international companies as engineer. I feel that my skills and experience is a perfect match for this position.
-	Working at Nestle as TPM – PM (Planed Maintenance) coordinator has given me experience about how to motivate the workers to apply TPM methodology by facilitating the methods, training, coaching, and auditing.
-	Working at Nestle as Utility Engineer has given me experience about how to lead and supervise the technicians and achieve energy saving and ensure that all utilities (steam, compressed air, nitrogen generation, cooling towers, child water, air conditioning, electricity, water, WWTP…) needed for the factory are fulfilled and the energy/water consumption at the factory is working at optimum level.
-	Working at Group Bel as Production Supervisor has given me experience about how to control the manufacturing process and lead the workers and arrange the working environment in order to achieve the production plan.
-	Working at NPS (National Petroleum Services) as well services training engineer has given me experiences about the well services activities (stimulation and nitrogen operations) and equipments (CT & pumps & bottom hole assembly…).
-	 Working at NPS as Drilling Operations Coordinator has given me experience about the drilling activities, completion and drilling equipments (Land Rig & drilling tools ….)….
During my job I received three brand-new land rigs forwarded from China, and I was following up with the customs and clearing agents to clear the rigs and the shipments, also I was coordinating between the Rigs to provide them with all needs regarding the co-ordination of materials, inspections and services mobilization through work site installation, post-job reporting and invoicing, and the coordination between the venders and subcontracts companies and NPS company.
-	Working at Ford Motor dealership as after sell service adviser has given me experience about how to deal with the customers and provide them with the technical reports about their cars condition.
I am available to start in a new position as early as possible
I have enclosed my resume for your review. I look forward to further discussing opportunities with your company. If you have any question or would you like to schedule an interview, please contact me by E-mail or call me at (00963 -968-323521).
Thank you for your time and consideration.
Sincerely yours,
Eng. ABDO EZALDEEN
Darwin Tito Decena Mejia
Darwin Tito Mejia
HSE Supervisor
Joannou & Paraskevaides (Saudi Arabia) Ltd.
P.O. Box 5881, Riyadh 11432
Saudi Arabia
+966546244033
Dear Sir, Madame,
I’m writing to express my interest in joining your government hiring if there are any vacancies for the position of a HSE officer. I’m really honored for having this opportunity to do so, and would request you to go through my resume. (Available upon request)
My foundation of technical expertise stems from the leadership background along with my experiences as a safety officer with institutions like Libra XIV construction company, Emirates Industrial Gases, Joannou & Paraskevaides in which I’m currently employed as Project safety in charge. I possess sound knowledge of Statutory HSE Regulations, commercial and industrial HSE standards and ensure their correct implementation. I have also managed the supervisory position commanding fellow safety officers for performing organizational means for following safety enforcement. I have the ability to work within a team as well as cross-team.
If I can provide you with any further information on my background and qualifications please let me know.
I can be reached anytime via email at
or
or through my phone +966546244033.
Thank you for time and consideration I look forward to speaking with you about this employment opportunity.
Sincerely,
Darwin Mejia
chaudhry Khalil
I am looking for role of Accountant, Warehouse or supply chain or for any suitable position.I have more then 14 years work experience. Please
i need job urgently. Kindly help to me.
Chaudhry Khalil
00923008467860
Sir/madam,….i am a Batching Plant Operator and also Pipe Welder,… two category in one company,….i have 7 years experience in a concrete works as well as welding works,…if you any question or would you like to schedule for an interview,…please contact me by a E-mail or call me 050-9610122.,,,thank you……
Waqas Ali
Dear sir/ Madam;
I am extremely interested in starting my career with your company. My enclosed resume will reflect my overall experience which i have gained during my internship in bank, University and while doing job in TESCO a retail company in UK and Bank Alfalah limited, Pakistan.. I had completed my MBA from University of Bedfordshire, UK. I am confident that my experience in banks and my studies makes me suitable to work for your company.As a team member of your company i can provide;
Efficient, reliable and honest performance.
Efficient team lead.
Sound knowledge of Accounts banking operations and Tally Accounts ERP (9).
Timely managed deadlines.
Maturity and ability to look at challenges as opportunities.
Ability to develop, cooperate and lead a team.
I am looking forward for a positive response from you.
Thanks to you in this regard.
Regards
Waqas Ali
Contact no: 00971553157176
Farrukh Sheraz
I am a Civil Engineer with 14 years of experience in the field of Civil Engineering.
Regards
Farrukh Sheraz
Civil Engieer
Linkedin Profile: pk.linkedin.com/pub/farrukh-sheraz-civil-engineer-looking-for-new-job/24/834/577/
Sami Rasheed
Aslam-o-Alaikum, I done my MBA(Finance) with 3.41 CGPA(75%). Also have Experience of 3 three years in different organization/Fields (1+ in accounts field).
E-mail:
Contact: +923216137390 or +923328620470
Nationality: Pakistani
Thanks You!
Ahmad Aly Attia
I am Project service Engineer mainly Cost Estimator – Project Control in Oil & Gas Sector , i wonder if you can guide me
where/ to whom shall i
send my CV
Thanks
MUHAMMED ABDURAHMAN.TA
Thachampatta (H)
Tharish post Karuvarakundu
Malappuram dist Kerala
India 676523
Cell: 91 9847395554
I am an experinced Cable Sales/Marketing/Business Development Manager who has sufficient experience in Marketing/Sales/Business Development, Office Management, Book Keeping, All the documentation, Bank Formalities for loan/Borrowing/Enhancement of Credit/LC formalities with Bank/Bill Discounting with Bank and all the Duties and Taxes management. Total experience is 18 years and
Please let me know if any suitable opendings.
Rashid Abdul Aziz
Aslam-o-Alaikum
I am a Accountant/Assistant Manager Accounts with 20 years of experience in the field of Accounts & Finance (Distribution, Manufacturing & Express/Logistic Group.
Regards
Rashid Abdul Aziz
Karachi-Pakistan
923008299392
Dear Sir,
I am Alexander Yogesh from India, I have more than 5 years experience in Document Control field om Saudi Arabia,
I am sure that my experience and education will benefit your organization in an appropriate manner
Please see my resume for additional information on my experience.
At present i am in india only
My cell phone :- 00919489883982
Thanks
Best Regards
J.Alexander Yogesh
Owolabi
I am a project management professional with Mechanical Engineering background, I have over 5yrs experience.I will be happy to secure a job in related field of project management / Engineering.
Please do not hesitate to contact me should my qualification suit one of available positions.
Kind regards
Olateju. O
rizwan
hihow are are you i need your heip we nave seaiching for a job in the ac techinican in u a e abu dhabi if yie know any job opening please send to me or call me 00971556372970 thaq
cesar jonson jr.
Hi sir/madam
Mobile:0509667517
email:cezz09472221521@ymail.com
position:trailer truck driver/bus
I am cesar jonson jr. Looking forward to meet new challenges and knowledge which i can develop my skills and acquire new experience that will make me a professional trailer truck driver/bus….
Ronnie B. Balmes
Sir/Mam any job vacancies for electrician or building electrician,I am a filipino citizen ,39 years old.
Mohammed Fazlullah
HSE Engineer with 10 years Gulf exp looking for job.
Ahmed abdel ghaffar
Under seeking a highly position with yours ,Please consider my CV. For the following positions :
- production engineer
- 3D designer
- planning engineer
- project engineer
- technical marketing engineer
Regards
Mr. kim man chun
Dear MS/MR
My name is Mr. Kim man chun at south korean.
now, i is looking for new job at Dubai and another country.
Before, I was worked at CRC(Corporate Restructuring Company) and oil trade division in south korea. I will very happy when I receive same kind job from you.
I do best try business if you have select me.
after you have choice, I will more detail talk about business part and position
Thank for interesting
Mr. kim man chun
E-mail :
anil patel
Dear Sir, i am self employed person , deal with all types of self adhesive tape, i desire to start my own/partnership firm, factory,, of self adhesive tape,, i may request to concern person who is interested to start this type of factory in partnership deal, contact me,, i am india base person, having 26 yrs experience in self adhesive tape field,, thanks
contact no +919558985457
Santosh kumar
Dear Sir/Madam,
I am self employed person, Deal with Tax, Accounts & Internal Audit. Now seek job in same domain in Dubai / Anywhere in Middle East.
Am Experienced 8+
I am Interested to join the company / Industry as earliest to the company / Industry requirement.
The document pertain to Education & Experience are clear & attested by Karnataka Government INDIA.
Passport are clear, Exp. date for passport is May 2019.
Santoshkumar,
Primary Email ID:
Skype ID: santoshkumar.1981
Hand Phone: 0 – 9980215121
I am seeking a job
Alfredo Milla
I wish to apply in your prestigious company that commensurate my qualification.
I am Alfredo Milla single. 20 years of age. Living in Philippines. I am a graduate of a technical vocational course
programming NC-IV.
I had been a CCTV staff, since February 1, 2013 up to June 30, 2013.
I’m looking forward that i will be part of your company’s success in the very near future.
I am paying close attention to details Fast learner.
• Optimistic and hardworking person
• able Multitask effectively and efficiently
• Time conscious and flexible
• Trainable
My cell phone No: 09305803887/ 09166784631
Thanks
Best Regards
Alfredo Milla
Sirajudheen.a.y
Dear sir
i am fitter trainee in fact
any fitter jobs condact:9496806307(ind)
Alejandro Padernal
I am a certified Fitness and Spa equipment technician please let me know.
Omar Saad Elkhawlka
Dear Sir/Madam
I’m looking for a job in Legal Department and i’m holding Master’s Degree in Law + ICDL + exp 5 years + Admin exp.
Kind Regards,
Omar Saad Elkhawlka
my email is
lilibeth abella
I am a computer engineering graduate presently I work I a sales department here in dubai for more than 3 yrs if you giving me a chance im willing to have a personal interview… thanks
sakil
respected sir
i have 3 year exprience in uae i looking for office admin job
if u know help to me
bakar
boss……? this is me bakar,have 4 years exp….mining engineer in coal field…me repl for best related vacant…..
Muhammad Shamim Khan
Hi,
I am a B.Tech (Hons.) With Electrical Technology looking for better oppurtunities in Engineer / Maintenance …working with Pepsi” Pakistan Beverage Limited ,Karachi as an Operation & Maintenance of P. L .C base Pneumatic Pet Bottle German “Ag Krones Machine since 3rd June 2008 to Still now.Now a days I am looking Maintenance Engineer/ Asst. Manager Maintenance or Technical Officer Job. Please Review my Profile.
Ready to face any challenges…
More details mail at ;
Mobile # + 92-3032071218 & + 92-3462644137
Muhammad Shamim Khan
Hi,
I am a B.Tech (Hons.) With Electrical Technology looking for better Opportunities
in Engineer / Maintenance …working with Pepsi” Pakistan Beverage Limited ,Karachi as an Operation & Maintenance of P. L .C base Pneumatic Pet Bottle German “Ag Krones Machine since 3rd June 2008 to Still now.
Ready to face any challenges…More details mail at ;
Mobile # + 92-3032071218 & + 92-3462644137
Joy G. Mabunga
Dear Sir/Madam
I wish to apply in your prestigious company / institution that commensurate my qualification.
I Engr. Joy G. Mabunga. 32 years of age. Livin in Philippines. I passed my licensure examination in electrical engineering. I dedicated electrical engineer with 5 years experience
in deveoping ellectrical systems and managing all aspects of projects life cycle. I well-rounded engineer experience – Design, develop, test and supervise installation of electrical equipment, components and system. I excellent attenttion to details and well organized.I’m hardworking, trustworthy, diligent, mature, work oriented and wit strong willingness to learn and grow. Willing o learrn new thing that would be able to help in personal and professional growth. I able to work on own initiative orr as part of a team and can deal with duties competenty.
I’m looking forward that i will be part of your company’s success in the very near future..
contact no. +639234418867
email address.
Very truly yours.
Joy G. Mabunga
Azam Altaf
Dear Sir(s):
I’m also looking very much forward to get a job at UAE, please share with me if you come across any good & better opportunity at your end.
I am open to new exciting opportunities within business developments, projects, sales, marketing and operations. Looking forward towards jobs for ‘business developments’ or ‘marketing’ at brands. My area of interest is Business Development side and mainly in the Service industry. Looking to get assocites with brands.
many thanks and thanking you for the kind support!!
warm regards,
AZAM ALTAF
Mobile: +92-300-247-2900
E-mail:
Skype: todaysgenius
Faisal.N.K
Dear Sir,
I am a Commerce Graduate and 13 years experienced Document Controller.
Since the last 10 years working as a Senior Document Controller with M/s. Mitsubishi / Toshiba Corporation. I’ve experience in Power & Desalination plant and high raise buildings.
I am self-motivated, and a good team player, having strong leadership and interpersonal competencies. I posses a keen sense of willingness to learn more and work hard under pressure. Excellent presentation and communication skills have always been my strength.
Please find enclosed a recently updated copy of my resume, for your kind consideration. I would like to express my sincere thanks to you in advance, for spending your valuable time to peruse my profile.
Looking forward to hear from you soon,
Yours truly,
Faisal N.K
+971 50 5805462
+919567529903 (India)
kashif awan
I have done Masters in Geophysics from Quaid-I-Azam University Islamabad Pakistan and have 2 year work experience
in Oil And Gas Company also seeking job .
Mohamed Shokry
I’m Java Developer with 2 years of experience
yosr magdy
Hello ,
I’m software tester engineer with 3 years experience ,Currently
i’m living in Dubai ,
I’m seeking a Software tester vacancy
Email :
Phone :
+971556900813
Please contact me to send you my CV ,
Thanks in advance
Best regards ,
fakrudeen ali ahamed
Dear sir/madam,
My name is Fakrudeen ali ahamed. India. Now i am job seeker.
I need Asst.store keeper job,
I have 7 years
UAE &QATAR experience.
June -2005 to Sep-2008 worked in
ALAIN
NATIONAL JUICE AND REFRESHMENTS & CO
ALAIN, UAE.
For posting
Store Assistant.
Oct-2008 to dec 2012 i am worked in Qatar,
ZAD HOLDING GROUP OF COMPANY
(Qatar flour mill)
As a job is
Assistant Store keeper And Dispatcher .I do any job for store.
Kindly give me replay. Further Details contact my email id and phone.
Mobile no: +918870278047. +914565225653.
Thank you
Comments are closed.
Random Listings
Pages
Jobs from Indeed
What:
Where: