GulfTalent.com
Planning Engineer (Building & Finishes)
Dutco Balfour Beatty (DBB)
Dubai, UAE
Posted on: 6 May 2014
THE ROLE
Expand all
SUMMARY (Brief summary of the position):
To provide planning services to the project and have direct impact on the planning and organizational progress of the project to ensure all aspacts of the contract are fulfilled and to highlight and contribute in problem solving to avoid loss and/or delay.
DUTIES & RESPONSIBILITIES:
1.	Integrate planning, budgeting and cost analysis activities
-	Liaises with project management on implementation issues
-	Monthly reporting and forecasting
2.	Develop bar chart program including WBS
3.	Develop recovery program
4.	List a line of activities including design, procurement and construction
5.	Solve problems in an analytical way to achieve a plan
6.	To address alternatives by what-if analysis in P3
7.	To identify risks and temporary work requirements and defend your assumptions
8.	Write narratives for weekly and monthly reports
9.	Take off quantities and calculate durations based on output rates
10.	Create and manipulate databases
11.	Assist in tracking variations
12.	Develop production outputs and workability for various tasks
13.	Present and address issues in Progress meetings with Client
14.	Develop contract program time entitlement program
15.	Identity & develop variation /extension of time documentation
16.	Responsible of monitoring all deliverables (design , Prelims ,Construction).
17.	Training
REQUIREMENTS
COMPUTER SKILLS:
1.	MS Office – Word, Excel & PowerPoint.
2.	MS Outlook
3.	Basic knowledge of planning software preferable, but not essential. Typical software packages include Primavera, MS Project or similar.
BEHAVIORAL COMPETENCIES:
1.	Good Interpersonal Skills
2.	Attention To Detail
3.	Excellent Planning Skills
4.	Effective decision-making skills
QUALIFICATIONS:
Minimum Qualifications : Bachelor of Engineering / Technical Engineering.
Minimum Years of Experience : 8 years
Field of experience :
5 yrs experience as Senior Planner. Worked in large scale projects
ABOUT THE COMPANY
Dutco Balfour Beatty LLC is a major participant in the Middle East construction industries via its activities in a diverse range of construction and engineering related fields. The company, which employs around 13,500 people, is one of the largest civil engineering, building and marine contractors in the UAE and also offers clients the focus and expertise of specialist scaffolding, formwork , interiors and plant.
DBB, as is commonly known, was formally incorporated in 1984, following the successful, early completion of the US$4 billion Mina Jebel Ali Port project for the Government of Dubai( formerly known as MJAC ) . Over the years, Dutco Balfour Beatty has evolved into one of the leading civil, building and marine contractors in the UAE with a well established record for timely delivery and customer satisfaction.
Send
|
|