GulfTalent.com
Customer Service Representative – Hertz
Al Futtaim Group
Dubai, UAE
Posted on: 6 May 2014
THE ROLE
Expand all
Hertz is the worldwide market leader in car rental and leasing. It has been in operation since 1918. With over 7,000 locations in more than 150 countries, Hertz manages over 700,000 vehicles around the world.
The Hertz UAE franchise started in 1993 and has grown into an operation that is the top car rental and leasing company in the UAE. Hertz has the largest purpose built rental facility in the Middle East, the largest airport counter in Dubai and the youngest fleet in the market. The company continues to strengthen its position in the market by consistently introducing innovative and customer focused services, as well as regularly training its staff at all levels.
We are currently looking for a highly enthusiastic Customer Service Representative for our Hertz team based in Dubai. The job purposes are as follows:
To ensure the customer is dealt with in a pleasant, professional and efficient manner providing best in class customer service and products. Ensure high level of customer satisfaction and enhancing the brand image to meet and exceed set standards. Continuously drive Gallup Customer Service Value to improve customer engagement.
Achieve group revenue target for daily, weekly and monthly rentals for the branch.
Maintain counter as per Hertz International Standards. Image audit and operational audit.
Ensure that all documentation and system accuracy is maintained and relevant documents are obtained at the time of checkout and scanned clearly into the system.
Customer Service: Continuously exceed customer expectations from all customer touch points within the business. All customer queries handled in a professional and timely manner.
Manage the variance report items on a daily basis and rectify the errors without delay during the shift.
Manage the pre check in's daily and ensure that closing of rental is done without delay. Justification of unclosed rentals.
Shift Handover: Ensure shift closing is done as per set standards and that there no variances. Vehicle inventory, manual documents, cash and others are properly handed over and acknowledged. To settle any variances within 24 hours.
REQUIREMENTS
To be successful inÂ this role, you should have the following skills/experience:
Minimum Qualifications and Knowledge:
* Diploma or Degree in any discipline.
* At least 2 years of experience within a customer service role.
* PC literate with MS Office skills.
* A background in the hospitality industry.
* Having a good understanding of vehicle rental services would be an advantage.
Job-Specific Skills:
* Fluent in English - both written and oral.
* Prepared to work in shifts.
* Flexible to work in different Hertz locations.
Behavioral Competencies:
* Excellent organizational and time management skills.
* Ability to work well as a team member.
* An enthusiastic, flexible and positive attitude towards providing an excellent service to our customers.
* Excellent communication skills, as well as planning andÂ problem solving skills.
ABOUT THE COMPANY
Established in the 1930's, the Al-Futtaim Group initially operated as a trading enterprise. Rapid development throughout the 1940's and 50's saw it establish itself regionally as an integrated commercial, industrial and services organisation, positioning itself one of the leading business houses in the lower Gulf region. Today, it operates collectively over 40 companies bearing the Al-Futtaim name, dominates many market segments in the UAE, and has expanded its sphere of operation to include Bahrain, Kuwait, Qatar, Oman and Egypt.
The Group comprises a diverse range of strategically positioned operating subsidiaries and associate companies, structured to give the Al-Futtaim Group the flexibility and versatility to keep ahead of local competition while keeping pace with the ever-evolving global business scenario. The Group’s continued investment in world-class systems technology is clear evidence of its commitment to maintain leading edge performance and service delivery.
The success of the Al-Futtaim Group can be attributed to a business approach that combines the ability to change with the traditional values of integrity, service and social responsibility that define its core business philosophy. This, linked with the Group’s belief in decentralisation, gives the heads of the operating companies a high degree of functional autonomy and authority, providing the Group with essential flexibility, and individual employees a clearly defined work culture and sense of responsibility.
Send
|
|