GulfTalent.com
Finance Manager
Robinson Faris Jones - Human Resources (RFJ-HR)
Dubai, UAE
Posted on: 6 May 2014
THE ROLE
Expand all
International Architecture Design and Engineering consultancy in Dubai are seeking a Finance Manager. This organization has been in the Middle East for over 30 years, is ISO 9001 accredited and has maintained a healthy and enviable workload over the last 5 years. Due to the quality of their Design and delivery standards, they are extremely busy with new and ongoing projects from long term client relationships.
The Finance Manager is responsible for the management of financial resources in order to maximize the short and long term financial performance of the company. He/She manages the financial plans and accounting practices of the company, oversees treasury and budget and supervises financial control and accounting standards.
General Finance and Accounting Responsibilities:
Prepare the set of financial reports on a monthly basis and at year-end (P&L, Balance Sheet, Cash Flow Statement, Change in Equity etc.);
Develop and maintain the accounting and collection procedures, investment activities, budgets, and other financial control functions;
Monitor billing procedures through regular meetings with the Senior Management Team;
Monitor cash flow and predict the future trends through management of receivables;
Review collection reports to determine the status of collections and the amounts of outstanding balances;
Manage the efficient, effective and timely payments to suppliers and employees;
Manage the annual budget and earnings forecast;
Manage the banking facilities such as overdraft on local currency bank account, short term deposits etc.
Payroll Administration.
Management Responsibilities:
Responsible for motivating team members and working with them to establish clear goals in line with company objectives;
Responsible for the performance management of the team, including documenting annual performance reviews and development plans;
Deal with any poor performance issues as and when required;
Promote a learning culture within the team and encourage professional development.
REQUIREMENTS
This individual will be based in Dubai/UAE already.
A Bachelor's Degree in Accounting (as a minimum) along with professional qualification (e.g. CA, CMA, ACA);
10-15 years’ experience in finance and accounting;
5-7 years’ managerial experience including team leadership;
Knowledge of accounting procedures, protocols and guidelines;
Experience in financial planning and strategy development;
Experience with Sage 50 Accounting;
Extensive experience and practical knowledge of ERP implementation, monitoring and development in line with business requirements.
Experience in a consultancy firm or professional services firm, preferably architecture;
Knowledge of construction project accounting;
Good organizational skills.
ABOUT THE COMPANY
Robinson Faris Jones - Human Resources (RFJ-HR), is a new bespoke HR and Resourcing Consultancy tailored to giving individuals and companies alike a premier and personal service.
Consisting only of Director level personnel, each with over 7 years experience of working within the Gulf Region, we aim to alleviate all the issues and frustrations traditionally associated with using a Resourcing or external HR service. Each client and candidate is hand picked and dealt with by a Director personally thus ensuring that all parties get the level of service they expect.
The industries we specialise in are as follows:
Property & Facilities Management
Construction
Engineering
Architecture
Civil & Structural
Sales & Marketing
Business Support
Human Resources
Aligned with this we also offer a comprehensive range of Training and Development courses in a variety of disciplines. Our Trainers are all professionally qualified in their chosen fields and are available on a short or longer term interim period. Our HR Consultancy service offers industry accredited CIPD & SHRM training for HR professionals with coaching and mentoring for individuals wishing to gain qualifications from these bodies.
Send
Candidates who applied for this job also applied for:
|
|