GulfTalent.com
Business Analytics Associate
NSI & Bluefin Talent
Dubai, UAE
Posted on: 6 May 2014
THE ROLE
Expand all
Leading Emerging Markets investment bank is looking to recruit a Business Analytics Associate.
Purpose of the Role:
The successful candidate will be responsible for developing solutions which automate numerous manual and desktop application processes, improve strategic decision making by enhancing reporting capabilities and enable improved data mining of various systems in use across the firm.
Main Responsibilities
The incumbent will be responsible for providing the following:
1)	Undertaking a review of current processes and IT solutions to identify opportunities for increased automation and reducing reliance on Excel based solutions. This will initially focus on the Finance function but will subsequently encompass the whole firm in due course.
2)	In co-operation with the Head of Finance developing a suite of reports which enable greater understanding of the metrics of the firm and enhance strategic decision making.
3)	Lead the design, delivery, development, and testing of Reporting-driven business intelligence solutions and process documentation to produce required reporting and analytics using BI Suite
4)	Coordinate with businesses and functions and vendors to translate business requirements into functional systems and assess system performance and enhancements.
5)	Engage in setting the direction for reporting and analytics vision and roadmap
6)	Act as subject matter expert on data sources, data elements, and data analysis.
REQUIREMENTS
Key Skills and Experience
The successful candidate will possess the following expertise:
•	Must have experience in use of Crystal Reports from DB, XML source to generate visually impressive reports
•	Experience as business intelligence lead or architect or related occupation.
•	Must have knowledge of SAP business objects.
•	Must have knowledge of SQL/PL-SQL and MS office with dimensional modelling
•	Should have demonstrated skills to generate reports from ORACLE and SAP (using crystal reports or similar application)
•	Knowledge of ETL and Business Intelligence tools – Cognos, Informatica, Hyperion, Abinitio
•	General understanding of accounting, reconciliation, capital markets, mutual funds and hedge funds.
•	Document business requirements, test cases, scenario testing.
Person Specification
In addition to the detailed knowledge, skills and experience specified above the successful candidate will
•	Possess strong interpersonal and consultative skills in order to be able to understand business needs and translate these into deliverables that enhance business efficiency
•	Be strong minded, results orientated individual used to working to tight deadlines with minimal supervision
•	Be a strong team player with a proven ability to take initiative and accept challenges
•	At least 3 years of experience in a Financial Services or large consumer centric firms
ABOUT THE COMPANY
New Sourcing International (NSI) / Bluefin Talent have partnered so to offer a specialized recruitment solution in both the technology and financial services domain.
Working together as a specialist search and selection agency, we concentrate on 'blue chip' financial services & technology consulting organizations across London and the Middle East; focusing exclusively on Financial Services, IT and Risk. Being niche allows us to offer a premium search service, tailored to overcome the technically challenging nature of recruitment for the specialist functions that we work.
We are dedicated to representing 'best of breed' candidates in the region in our dedicated fields of employment. As such we are a leading outfit for placing ex-pats and internationally educated students in the region.
Our biggest unique selling point, is that we are steered by a dedicated team of ex-financial services and IT industry professionals. This allows us to offer a level of candidate pre-screening for roles, which is largely anomalous to the recruitment profession. Our ability to bridge the technical knowledge gap typical recruiters encounter, coupled with a thorough delivery process allows us to drive consistently superior results for our clients' sourcing requirements. Designed to provide a fast and efficient turnaround, we minimize the use of internal resources our clients spend vetting inadequate profiles, allowing them to quickly get back to focusing on their strategic goals.
Our strength lies not only in the specialist nature of our firm, but also in the commitment we show towards our clients and candidates. We endeavour to build long-term relationships and recognise the crucial nature of communication throughout the recruitment process. Excellence, integrity, respect and transparency are cornerstone to the culture we promote.
Send
|
|