Propel Consult - Project Manager ,
Dubai
Check your inbox to know about employers who showed interest in your profileSee the names of companies who view your resume, Consider your resume and Contacted with you.Seeker Services Learning Center About XpressResume+Put Your Career in Gear with Monster Career Services. We have got: to help you knock out the competition by showcasing your most marketable skills and strengths with a strategically written resume. to let you determine your personality, career & areas of improvement.
Career Advice Stand out from the job searching crowd with a unique combination of skills, experience, attributes and career advice from Monster. Monster helps you formulate better career decisions by offering numerous career tips for a successful job interview, resume creation, salary and much more.In addition, we have recently introduced interesting and informative sections like
and
to help you stay in step with job trends and accelerate your self-learning.
Job Summary
Company Name
Propel Consult
Locations
Dubai
Experience
7 - 11 years
Keywords / Skills
civil, project manager, hotel, high rise, building, tower
Education
Bachelor's Degree
Function
• Manufacturing/ Engineering/ R&D; • Construction
Role
Civil Engineer
Industry
• Consultancy • Engineering, Procurement, Construction
Posted On
6th May 2014
Job Ref code
d1am2ac
Share this job
Rate this job
Project Manager
Propel Consult
Share this job
Apply
Job Description Our client was established as a residential, leisure and commercial developer in
Dubai and the Middle East. Our client is looking to hire a PROJECT
MANAGER. Role:Prepare strategic project management plans Establish project management processes and procedures Resource planning risk assessment and value engineering   Provide leadership to the project team  Experiences
& Qualifications:Project Manager (hotel experience or high rise projects) Experience: 7 to 10 years Civil Engineering Degree Ideal Age Group should be 32 to 44 Yrs max Exposure to hotels or high rise projects
Key Skill(s)
About Company Propel Consult delivers a service in step with the needs of both our client companies and candidates. Our ability to add value to all levels of recruitment stems from our wholehearted belief in providing a professional service to both parties.We have built relationships with many leading indigenous and mulitnational organisations throughout the Middle East and internationally in countries such as UAE, Qatar, Saudi Arabia, Oman, Bahrain, Kuwait, Egypt, Lebanon, Sudan and many more.Concentrating our resources has created 5 distinct specialist divisions:• Banking & Finance• Human Resources• Oil & Gas• Construction• Architecture & Engineering
Apply Without Registration
For Jobs Seekers
Jobs By Functions
Jobs By Location
About Our Site
© 2012 Monster - All Rights Reserved - U.S. Patent No. 5,832,497 - NYSE:
Toll Free No.: 8000177030, Toll No.: +91 40 6611 6993 / +91 40 3057 6993, Email ID: