EFYS Teachers jobs, Dubai, Excellent tax-free salary, Furnished Accommodation, Baggage Allowance, Medical Insurance, Annual Air Ticket & Paid Annual Vacations. | Guardian Jobs
EFYS Teachers
Employer:
Posted:
06 May 2014
Location:
Dubai
Industry:
,
Level:
Graduate
Contract:
Permanent
Hours:
Full Time
Salary:
Excellent tax-free salary, Furnished Accommodation, Baggage Allowance, Medical Insurance, Annual Air Ticket & Paid Annual Vacations.
(this will open in a new window)
New
People who viewed this job also viewed
£17520 - £28800 per annum + Tax Free, accommodation, flights + more
£15000 - £19000 per annum + Tax Free, Accommodation, Flights + More
Competitive Tax Free salary, free accommodation, free utilities, free return flights, free tuition for dependents and more!
Competitive Tax free salary, furnished accommodation, return flights, tuition for dependents and more!
Negotiable
Regent International School (RIS) is an international day school for students from Foundation Stage upto 6th Form and part of Fortes Education located in Dubai, UAE.  Fortes Education develops and manages EYFS to Key Stage 5 and pre-schools since 1993, delivering proven results in the classroom.   We are committed to the pursuit of excellence and leadership in our educational services and practices.  Our mission is to empower students with a high quality international value-based education that inspires them to achieve their fullest potential and success in an ever changing world.
Fortes Education aspires to become one of the leading providers of education in the region.  We are building our network of EYFS to Key Stage 5 schools and pre-schools, and will ensure that we continue to deliver high quality education provision to children, young people and families that we serve.
As a qualified Foundation Stage teacher you will be proficient with the UK Foundation Curriculum and confident teaching EYFS students.  You will be an excellent communicator, who gets on well with colleagues, students, parents, technology and change.   Alongside a class teacher’s roles & responsibilities you will be well-organised, have a good sense of humour and want to develop opportunities for students in and out of the classroom, and provide opportunities for participation and the promotion of excellence.
The starting date of the appointment would be mid-August 2014
Interviews will be held via SKYPE &/or final rounds at a venue in the UK.
(this will open in a new window)
Regent International School (RIS), is a growing independent,
co-educational international day school offering the National Curriculum (UK) at the Primary, Middle and Senior School levels till Year 11.
Regent International School is dedicated to the purs
You should never need to provide bank account details or any other financial information, or make any
form of payment, when applying for a job. If you are ever asked to do this by a recruiter on our
site please email
© 2008 - 2014 Guardian News and Media Limited, all rights reserved. Powered by Madgex .
This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies.