Kitchen - Commis I/ Speciality Kitchen jobs in Rotana Hotel in Dubai - United Arab Emirates - Naukrigulf.com
Job Seekers Login:
|
Kitchen - Commis I/ Speciality Kitchen
at Rotana Hotel in
-
Posted: May
5, 2014 Exp:
1 - 2
yrs.
| Opening(s): 1
Education: Basic - Diploma(Hotel Management)
Gender: Not Mentioned
Industry Type:
/
/
/
Functional Area:
/
/
/
Your Message could not be sent.
Your message has been sent
Job Description
Share
We are currently seeking for passionate and dynamic Kitchen professionals who pride themselves on their ability to deliver extraordinary levels of customer service and provide creative solutions to our guests.
As a Commis I you are responsible for the daily food preparation and duties assigned to meet the set standard and qualities whereby your role will include key responsibilities such as:
•Support Chef de Partie or Demi Chef de Partie in the daily operation and work
•Work according to the menu specifications by the Chef de Partie
•Keep work area at all times in hygienic conditions according to the rules set by the hotel
•Control food stock and food cost in your section
•Prepare the daily mis-en-place and food production in different sections of the main kitchen or satellites
•Follow the instructions and recommendations from the immediate Superiors to complete the daily tasks
•Ensure the highest standards and consistent quality in the daily preparation and keep up to date with the new products, recipes and preparation techniques
•Coordinate and participate with other sections of requirements, cleanliness, wastage and cost control
Desired Candidate Profile
You should have a professional kitchen apprenticeship or chefs training course and previous experiences in quality establishments along with good culinary skills. The ability to communicate in English and a proven track of food preparation, presentation and preservation knowledge is an essential.
Knowledge & Competencies
The ideal candidate will be positively spirited and passionate about food and be committed to work together with the service team to deliver an amazing guest experiences every time. You are a very positive, dynamic, creative and dedicated team player with the ability to work in a multicultural environment and under difficult condition, while possessing following additional competencies:
Understanding the Job
Taking Responsibility
Recognizing Differences
Customer Focus
Customer Focus
Adaptability
Teamwork
Keyword: Kitchen - Commis I/ Speciality Kitchen
|
Company Profile
Rotana Hotel
Contact Details
Website
Disclaimer: Naukrigulf.com is only a platform to bring jobseekers & employers together. Applicants are advised to research the bonafides of the prospective employer independently. We do NOT endorse any requests for money payments and strictly advice against sharing personal or bank related information.We also recommend you visit
for more information. If you suspect any fraud or malpractice, email us at
To*
From*
Subject*
Email:
Password:
Upload a latest profile photo
A CV with photo has 40% higher chances of getting noticed by employers
Upload Profile Photo
This is how your profile photo will look like.To make adjustments, you can drag around and resize the yellow dashed-square on the right panel.
When you are satisfied with your photo click the "Save Photo" button.
Browse Jobs by
Jobs By Location
Jobs By Category
Job Seekers
Recruiters
Partner Sites
Company
Information
All rights reserved © 2001-
2014 Info Edge (India) Ltd.