Housekeeping - Head Housekeeping Attendant jobs in Rotana Hotel in Dubai - United Arab Emirates - Naukrigulf.com
Job Seekers Login:
|
Housekeeping - Head Housekeeping Attendant
at Rotana Hotel in
-
Posted: May
5, 2014 Exp:
2 - 4
yrs.
| Opening(s): 1
Education: Basic - Diploma(Vocational Course)
Gender: Not Mentioned
Industry Type:
/
/
/
Functional Area:
/
/
/
Your Message could not be sent.
Your message has been sent
Job Description
Share
We are currently seeking for passionate and dynamic guest focused Housekeeping professionals who pride themselves on their ability to deliver extraordinary levels of customer service and provide creative solutions to our guests.
As a Head Housekeeping Attendant you are responsible to lead the team of Housekeeping Attendants while ensuring the standards of cleanliness and maintenance of the hotel meet the requirements specified and your role will include key responsibilities such as:
•Receive work assignment, keys and supplies from the supervisor and sign the key log book accurately
•Check rooms to verify room status every morning
•Inform valet service to collect guest clothes for laundry, dry cleaning or pressing services
•Clean rooms and bathrooms, performing any combination of the following duties
•Keep fire exits and stair ways clear of any obstruction
•Check and report any maintenance work required immediately
•Update Housekeeping Supervisor at regular intervals on status of rooms
•Maintain rooms assigned in a clean, safe and hygienic state at all times
•Pick up any litter from corridors and pathways
•Provide turn down service for all occupied guest rooms and expected arrivals in the evening
Desired Candidate Profile
You should ideally have a vocational training within the Housekeeping Department with previous minor work experiences. Good command of written and verbal English communication skills, along with good interpersonal abilities are essentials.
Knowledge & Competencies
The ideal candidate will be a friendly, caring individual with good cross cultures sensitivity and a concern for quality and an eye for details. You will work well under pressure in a fast paced environment and enjoy working with a multi-cultural team and guests alike, while possessing following additional competencies:
Understanding the Job
Taking Responsibility
Recognizing Differences
Customer Focus
Customer Focus
Adaptability
Teamwork
Keyword: Housekeeping - Head Housekeeping Attendant
|
Company Profile
Rotana Hotel
Contact Details
Website
Disclaimer: Naukrigulf.com is only a platform to bring jobseekers & employers together. Applicants are advised to research the bonafides of the prospective employer independently. We do NOT endorse any requests for money payments and strictly advice against sharing personal or bank related information.We also recommend you visit
for more information. If you suspect any fraud or malpractice, email us at
To*
From*
Subject*
Email:
Password:
Upload a latest profile photo
A CV with photo has 40% higher chances of getting noticed by employers
Upload Profile Photo
This is how your profile photo will look like.To make adjustments, you can drag around and resize the yellow dashed-square on the right panel.
When you are satisfied with your photo click the "Save Photo" button.
Browse Jobs by
Jobs By Location
Jobs By Category
Job Seekers
Recruiters
Partner Sites
Company
Information
All rights reserved © 2001-
2014 Info Edge (India) Ltd.