Visual Merchandising Manager Job in Kuwait - M.H. Alshaya Co. - Bayt.com
OK
Cancel
Loading...
Loading...
Jobs
Jobs
Salaries
People Companies Specialties
- All -
- All -Algeria (12)Bahrain (114)Dubai (1505)Egypt (494)Iraq (72)Jordan (374)Kuwait (738)Lebanon (248)Libya (15)Morocco (12)Oman (95)Pakistan (34)Qatar (1050)Saudi Arabia (2736)Sri Lanka (0)Tunisia (6)UAE (3516)Yemen (3)
Loading...
Menu - []
›
› Job Description
Visual Merchandising Manager
-
Gold Career Provider
This employer achieved a Gold Career Provider status based on their record of hiring on Bayt.com.
Date Posted: 2014/05/06 06:00:19
Ref. JB3047698
Job Description
Founded in Sweden in 1947, H&M; has grown through offering fashion and quality at the best price to over 3,000 stores in 53 markets today, making it a truly global fashion company. H&M;'s presence can be felt on the high streets of Europe, Asia, North America, Middle East & North Africa. The MENA region currently covers 10 countries and 83 stores and is still growing. H&M; is an ever evolving brand that offers a broad and varied range of fashions for the entire family. Our collections are extensive with new items arriving in store everyday offering our customers change and choice every time they visit. This is an exciting and fast paced environment requiring energetic individuals with a passion for fashion and customer service.The Role: Your role will be to deliver and maintain exemplary standards of visual merchandising including promotion, recommendations and implementation. You will train the store staff on brand standards and provide ongoing coaching and be a pivotal part of the brand team, working to implement plans for new store openings and new market entry. You will assess the visual standards of the store and ensure best practice. You will have/be:* At least 3 years' retail operations experience including 2 years in visual merchandising management* Experience in budget planning and control* Good planning and organisational skills* The ability to apply sound brand principles to projects and campaigns* Computer literateA qualification in visual merchandising or art & design are an advantage.M.H. Alshaya Co. is a leading international franchise operator for over 70 of the world's most recognised retail brands including Starbucks, H&M;, Mothercare, Debenhams, American Eagle Outfitters, P.F. Chang's, The Cheesecake Factory, Victoria's Secret, Boots, Pottery Barn and KidZania. The company operates over 2,600 stores across diverse customer sectors: Fashion & Footwear, Health & Beauty, Food, Optics, Pharmacy, Home Furnishings and Leisure & Entertainment.Alshaya's stores can be found in markets across the Middle East and North Africa, Russia, Turkey and Europe and the company employs more than 40,000 people from over 110 nationalities.
Skills
Visual merchandising
Job Details
Job Location:
Kuwait
Company Industry:
Retail/Wholesale
Company Type:
Employer (Private Sector)
Job Role:
Art/Design/Creative
Joining Date:
Unspecified
Employment Status:
Full time
Employment Type:
Employee
Monthly Salary Range:
$3,000 - $4,000
Manages Others:
No
Number of Vacancies:
1
Preferred Candidate
Career Level:
Management
Years of Experience:
Unspecified
Residence Location:
Unspecified
Gender:
Unspecified
Nationality:
Unspecified
Degree:
Unspecified
About This Company
M.H. Alshaya Co.
is a leading international franchise operator for over 70 of the world’s most recognised retail brands including Starbucks, H&M;, Mothercare, Debenhams, American Eagle Outfitters, P.F. Chang’s, The Cheesecake Factory, Victoria’s Secret, Boots, Pottery Barn and KidZania. The company operates over 2,600 stores across diverse customer sectors: Fashion & Footwear, Health & Beauty, Food, Optics, Pharmacy, Home Furnishings and Leisure & Entertainment. Alshaya’s stores can be found in markets across the Middle East and North Africa, Russia, Turkey and Europe and the company employs more than 40,000 people from over 110 nationalities.
The company has established itself as the industry leader across these territories through a combination of local market understanding and a comprehensive commitment to customer service. Growth in each of its operating divisions and brands is supported by continuous investment in talent and infrastructure. It applies best practices in retail operations, merchandising, marketing, information technology, logistics, real estate, human resources and financial controls.
M.H. Alshaya Co. is the retail business of the Alshaya Group, which was founded in Kuwait in 1890 and today represents one of the most dynamic companies in the Middle East. In addition to its retail operations, the Alshaya Group is active in a number of other sectors including real estate, automotive, hotels, trading and investments. Learn more about the company at www.alshaya.com
Date Posted: 2014/05/06 06:00:19
Ref. JB3047698
Similar Jobs
Recommended Courses
Invite Your
Friends to Bayt.com
Find Jobs
About Bayt.com
Bayt.com is the leading job site in the Gulf and Middle East, connecting job seekers with employers looking to hire.
Every day, thousands of new job vacancies are listed on the award-winning platform from the region's top employers.
Company
Quick Links
Follow
© 2000-2014 Bayt.com, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
-
Reproduction of material from any Bayt.com pages without written permission is strictly prohibited.