Head of Security Job in Jeddah - Qatar Airways - Bayt.com
OK
Cancel
Loading...
Loading...
Jobs
Jobs
Salaries
People Companies Specialties
- All -
- All -Algeria (12)Bahrain (114)Dubai (1505)Egypt (494)Iraq (72)Jordan (374)Kuwait (738)Lebanon (248)Libya (15)Morocco (12)Oman (95)Pakistan (34)Qatar (1050)Saudi Arabia (2736)Sri Lanka (0)Tunisia (6)UAE (3516)Yemen (3)
Loading...
Menu - []
›
› Job Description
Head of Security
- ,
Gold Career Provider
This employer achieved a Gold Career Provider status based on their record of hiring on Bayt.com.
Date Posted: 2014/05/06 06:00:10
Ref. JB3047697
Job Description
Position:
To lead the Security department  through the design, implementation and control of a comprehensive international airline security programme that protects the company's customers, staff and assets from unlawful interference and criminal activity e.g. acts of terrorism, theft, malicious damage, smuggling, illegal travelling etc.
Additionally, to actively participate in the Crisis Management (ERP) Committee in the event of a disaster/emergency.
ACCOUNTABILITIES:Operational
An ill-considered or wrong decision has potential to seriously and adversely affect the well being of the company.  The introduction of security measures which are too stringent can have a marked effect on the viability of the company, whereas the failure to implement the required security measures, or the introduction of security measures which are below an acceptable standard, can expose the company to an unnecessarily high degree of risk.
The company security policy is the cornerstone of the security/safety of these company's operations for all security personnel and it provides the guidelines for decision making by line management. However, complex security problems do arise and they may require immediate decisions to be made by the post holder without any prior consultation.  A shortfall in the security measures that have been decided upon and then implemented, could have a disastrous effect on the operation of the company and could result in loss of life and aircraft.
The consequent loss of reputation could also give rise to much embarrassment to the company both financially and to the promotion of an internationally accepted image of excellence.
Management & Leadership
Establish the department or teams objectives and priorities to align with and support business objectives.
Regularly evaluate the department or teams objectives, plans, procedures and practices, and makes appropriate changes if needed.
Oversee and supervise employees. Direct daily activities, recruit, train, develop and discipline to ensure a high standard of service delivery.
Development
Take responsibility for own ongoing personal development and growth of expertise.
Train and develop other employees, for proper succession planning and risk management.
Assist in the response to any emergency or a major operational disruption affecting Al Maha Airways
Train Saudi staff in the duties above.
Perform other department duties related to his/her position as directed by Management
MENTAL DEMANDS & JOB COMPLEXITY
The highest degree of mental concentration is demanded of the post holder so that he can identify, properly assess and produce practical cost effective counter measures and solutions in cases of highly complex threat situations.
When considering the need for enhancements to the standards of security a suitable balance must be achieved between security and the operational and commercial viability of the airline.
The domestic and international dimensions have considerable potential for making this job extremely complex and the nature of the airlines operational frequencies and network can be expected to create stressful situations and thus extreme pressure work on the post holder.
Development
Take responsibility for own on-going personal development and growth of expertise.
Train and develop other employees, for proper succession planning and risk management.
Assist in the response to any emergency or a major operational disruption affecting Al Maha Airways, including support of the Al Maha Airways Special Assistance Program.
Train Saudi staff in the duties above.
Perform other department duties related to his/her position as directed by the Head of the Department.
Skills
QUALIFICATIONS:
Minimum of Bachelors Degree in an appropriate discipline or suitable previous experience or working towards a degree, or Aviation Security Management Qualification.
Job Details
Job Location:
Jeddah , Saudi Arabia
Company Industry:
Airlines/Aviation
Company Type:
Employer (Private Sector)
Job Role:
Administration
Joining Date:
Unspecified
Employment Status:
Full time
Employment Type:
Employee
Monthly Salary Range:
Unspecified
Manages Others:
No
Number of Vacancies:
1
Preferred Candidate
Career Level:
Management
Years of Experience:
Unspecified
Residence Location:
Unspecified
Gender:
Unspecified
Degree:
Unspecified
About This Company
Welcome to a world of growing opportunities.
Qatar Airways is the national carrier of the State of Qatar. Our global network now sees us flying to over 100 destinations worldwide and operating some of the youngest fleets in the sky. We are home to over 150 nationalities.
Our mission is to deliver Excellence in Everything We Do. For us, that means we focus on the customers who fly with us. We understand that our customers choose to fly with us because we care for them. We know that every time we fly, we carry the hopes and dreams of our customers. Similarly we consider the hopes and dreams of our people. Our success is due to our leadership and the employment of high quality people who will enjoy living and working in Doha, Qatar.
Qatar is a rising economic powerhouse and is fast establishing itself as one of the world’s newest and most vibrant hubs. Qatar prides itself on its technological advances as well as its educational and research facilities. It is rapidly becoming home to more expatriates and international businesses, as well as world-renowned 5-star hotels, spas and resorts. The city boasts the best in shopping, sports activities and has been host to many high profile international events.
As the Airline of the Year 2011 and the only 5-star airline in the Middle East, the opportunities for career diversity, professional development opportunities to further your careers within the organisation are almost limitless. We truly believe that life is a journey, not a destination; therefore we help our people to realise all that they can be.
Join one of the fastest growing airlines with an ever-expanding global network.
If you wish to find out more about the Qatar Airways Group of companies and what we have to offer, then please click the link below and visit qatarairways.com/careers to apply online.
Date Posted: 2014/05/06 06:00:10
Ref. JB3047697
Recommended Courses
Invite Your
Friends to Bayt.com
Find Jobs
About Bayt.com
Bayt.com is the leading job site in the Gulf and Middle East, connecting job seekers with employers looking to hire.
Every day, thousands of new job vacancies are listed on the award-winning platform from the region's top employers.
Company
Quick Links
Follow
© 2000-2014 Bayt.com, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
-
Reproduction of material from any Bayt.com pages without written permission is strictly prohibited.