Nurse Unit Manager - NICU jobs in Mediclinic City Hospital in Dubai - United Arab Emirates - Naukrigulf.com
Mediclinic Middle Easte Jobs - Career, Jobs opening in
Mediclinic Middle Easte
Careers
Nurse Unit Manager - NICU
at Mediclinic City Hospital in
-
Posted: May
6, 2014 Exp:
5 - 10
yrs.
| Opening(s): 1
Education: Basic - Bachelor of Science(Nursing)
Nationality: Any Arabic National, Any GCC National, Any European National, Any Anglophone National
Gender: Female
Industry Type:
/
/
/
Functional Area:
/
/
Your Message could not be sent.
Your message has been sent
Job Description
Share
The Nurse Manager, as a member of the Nursing Administration and clinical team, is responsible for providing nursing leadership within the unit and in assisting in the achievement of service goals in accordance with Mediclinic City Hospital directions. The Nurse Manager is accountable for ensuring the delivery of competent, quality nursing care at an advanced level in her/his Unit using a Patient and Family Centred Model of Care.
Key Outputs:
Fulfill the accountabilities of this role in accordance with Mediclinic Middle East’s and Mediclinic City Hospital's core values.
Implement bed management practices that are consistent and coordinated and includes processes such as predicting bed demand, long-stay patient rounding, demand management strategies.
Maintenance of an adequately trained and supported nursing workforce that is competent to practice across the continuum of care, ensuring that there is an adequate skill mix.
Provide advanced level clinical nursing leadership which supports organizational culture, provision of excellence in clinical care and best practice in patient flow and bed management.
Maintenance of personal professional knowledge of contemporary nursing care theory and practice, relevant legislation, guidelines and best practice standards in clinical care and patient flow.
Identification of appropriate performance measures to monitor and evaluate clinical care and patient flow outcomes which are utilized to lead the identification and implementation of quality and service improvement activities with consideration given to the FOCUSPDCA’ cycle of quality improvement.
Accountable for the provision of leadership within a legal, professional and ethical framework that supports quality, effective and contemporary patient care.
Accountable for the professional development of self and others utilizing contemporary practice in the delivery of improved standards of care.
Accountable for promoting effective and cost efficient management of hospital resources; including human resources, material resources and patient flow resources and services within and available to the Mediclinic City Hospital in collaboration with the Hospital Directorate Team.
Maintain a high standard of professionalism within self and others by means of proper communication and collaboration amongst all customers.
Accountable for the application of JCIA standards, patient safety and risk management strategies and requirements in your unit.
Accountable for the effective and efficient use of all Human and Consumable resources.
Accountable for all reports and data to be collected and completed within the timeframes allocated.
Accountable for ensuring all staff are oriented and developing in the unit.
Accountable for documenting and reporting all incidents.
Desired Candidate Profile
Licensing & Education:
Bachelor of Nursing Science or Diploma in Nursing (minimum of 3 years duration) from a recognized Nursing Institute.
Proof of valid registration as a Registered Nurse from home country, or an internationally recognized body.
Post Registration qualification in Neonatology or qualification in Nursing Management.
Specialized Skills/Abilities/Experience Required:
Minimum of five years senior nursing experience; preferably in a private hospital.
Ability to direct advanced nursing care in complex situations for patients.
Ability to monitor and adjust medical equipment used in the care and treatment of patients.
Ability to provide emotional and psychological support to parents and families of patients.
Ability to make and communicate ethical decisions to achieve organizational goals.
Ability to understand, comply with and utilize procedures, policies, regulations and standards that impact upon the position; including contemporary human resource management requirements and practices.
Generic Skills/Abilities/Experience Required:
Demonstrated ability to deliver quality patient care in the ward/unit that you will be employed.
Demonstrated ability to work in a multidisciplinary team.
Demonstrated commitment to quality improvement for better health outcomes.
Fluency in written and spoken English (Arabic language skills are well regarded).
High level of verbal and written communication skills.
High level of interpersonal and organizational skills.
Demonstrated competence in working autonomously as required.
Demonstrated ability to prioritize tasks and meet deadlines.
Good computer literacy.
Ability to function effectively under pressure.
Ability to promote excellence in patient care through mentoring and quality management.
Keyword:
|
Company Profile
Mediclinic Middle East is part of Mediclinic International, one of the top 10 listed private hospital groups in the world with 52 healthcare facilities in Southern Africa, 14 in Switzerland under the name Hirslanden AG and 10 in the UAE. Their headquarters are in Stellenbosch, South Africa.
Mediclinic Middle East owns and operates some of the most respected healthcare facilities in the region. These include Mediclinic Welcare Hospital, Mediclinic City Hospital, Mediclinic Dubai Mall, Mediclinic
Ibn Battuta, Mediclinic Meadows, Mediclinic Arabian Ranches, Mediclinic Mirdif, Mediclinic Al Qusais, Mediclinic Al Sufouh and Mediclinic Beach Road. Mediclinic Middle East operates according to the same brand values as Mediclinic International, namely the ‘Science of Care’.
Contact Details
Name/ Designation: Thembi Fula - Recruitment Officer
Website
To*
From*
Subject*
Email:
Password:
Upload a latest profile photo
A CV with photo has 40% higher chances of getting noticed by employers
Upload Profile Photo
This is how your profile photo will look like.To make adjustments, you can drag around and resize the yellow dashed-square on the right panel.
When you are satisfied with your photo click the "Save Photo" button.
Content
provided by
Mediclinic Middle Easte, Info Edge India Limited
disclaims all warranties against infringement.
Visit
and
for more comprehensive information in this
regard.