Executive Lounge Manager with Moevenpick Hotel Jumeirah Beach, Dubai. | 10879883
Jobseekers
|
Jobseekers
Executive Lounge Manager
Dubai, UAE
Attractive Salary + Benefits
Full job details
Recruiter
Moevenpick Hotel Jumeirah Beach, Dubai.
Posted
06/05/2014 07:53:00
Ref
.
Location
Dubai, UAE
Job Type
Front Office, Guest Relations Manager
Sector
Hotel
Job Level
Non-Management
About Mövenpick Hotels & Resorts:
At Mövenpick Hotels & Resorts, we are committed to encouraging and developing our colleagues in world class environments. We value diversity and equal opportunities and as an international upscale hotel management company with over 16’000 colleagues, we are represented in 23 countries with 76 hotels, resorts and Nile cruisers currently in operation. More than 30 properties are planned or under construction.  Of Swiss heritage and headquartered in Zurich, we are passionate about delivering premium service andculinary enjoyment – all with a personal touch and live to our brand promise of Natural Enjoyment for our guests.
About Mövenpick Hotel Jumeirah Beach:
Located on the bustling district of The Walk, the Mövenpick Hotel Jumeirah Beach blends cosmopolitan lifestyle and relaxation. This 5-star retreat features lively dining, leisure and entertainment choices and modern meeting facilities all of which are just a few steps away from the stunning blue waters of the Arabian Gulf. Modern, chic and contemporary, this upscale hotel features 294 well-equipped, modern and comfortable rooms and suites, all of which offer incredible views.
About the Role:
A role has arisen for a highly motivated and hardworking individual. The main purpose of this position is to actively contribute to the successful achievement of Hotel’s goals of High Standard Quality Guest Service.
Your key duties will include, but not limited to the following:
Ensures maximum guest satisfaction through personal recognition and involvement with repeat guest.
Ensures that our repeat guests and any other MIP/VIP clients receive personalized treatment and services, such as:
Pre-registration at Front Office
Personal welcome letter
VIP guest amenities
Fulfill special wishes and recognize needs in advance
Pick-up airport, when needed/requested
Personal welcome and escorting guest to his/her room
Flight ticket confirmation
Info about sight seeing and relevant booking procedures
Contacts on regular basis during stay
Presentation of VIP, if not already known, to General Manager
Developing and implementing on-going guest contacts through: seasons greetings, birthdays, special events, mailing info about activities.
Maintains a specialized guest history data file.
Checks VIP/MIP list to check: room allocation amenities, extensions, unexpected departure, late check-out etc.
Plans, arranges and co-ordinates Repeat Guest cocktails on regular basis.
Promotes in-house facilities and special events and activities such as: special menus, parties, tours, etc. to generate additional revenue.
About You:
In order to be considered for this role, you will have educated to degree-level or above in a relevant discipline with appropriate professional qualifications and up to date professional knowledge. You will possess 1+ years in a similar position in a 4* Or 5* property.
You will have a high degree of ‘emotional intelligence’, remaining rational and calm under pressure as well as open-minded and excited by cultural and professional diversity.
Excellent communication skills in written and spoken English is a must.
About the Benefits:
This position offers a highly competitive salary and package which includes Basic + Accommodation + Transport + Meals + Laundry + Air Tickets + Medical Insurance.
Share this job
Catererglobal.com is a trademark of Totaljobs Group Ltd. © 2013 Copyright and database rights Totaljobs Group Ltd.Powered by .