Jobs, jobs in India, IT Jobs, Jobs in various sectors, vacancies, Jobs in Bangalore, Pune, Delhi, Chennai, Hyderabad, Mumbai and other cities
leaders in social media recruitment
Members Online
Welcome to Roland and Associates
We are an innovative personnel-sourcing firm with solid team strength in recruiting
candidates for various domains in the IT and Non-IT sectors.
We offer a whole gamut
of HR services such as sourcing, selection, staffing, consulting, outsourcing and
training.
With client needs becoming more specialized and niche –specific, widening the gap
between HR needs and work force capabilities, Roland & Associates seeks to bridge
the space between flourishing companies and qualified professionals. We deliver
services from small to large businesses and pride ourselves on our ability to offer
full suite of recruitment solutions to help ease client’s workload in identifying the
right resources.
Search Jobs
Keywords
Location
Rolljobs QR Code
Social Media Recruitment
Social Media Recruiting is a process of sourcing / recruiting candidates through
social media sites like Linkedin, too step, facebook, twitter and hireplug
Latest Jobs
Testimonials
“Roland & Associates is professional, efficient and to the point. Their delivery capability and understanding of requirements is incredible. They did the best job by sending quality and active profiles instead of sending huge number of resumes..."
Recommended by Vice President – Operations from a Leading Telecommunication domain company
“We have being working with Roland and Associates for the past year and must say they do have the Technical & strategic expertise required in the Recruiting consulting Business..."
Recommended by Senior HR Specialistfrom a Leading Telecommunication domain company
“As this was our first attempt at recruiting in India we were particularly happy to have assistance from a local search firm.  Roland Associates has been amazingly effective in the support that they have provided..."
Recommended by Director of Staffingfrom a Leading Semiconductor company
Well versed and up to date with the market; bunch of energetic HR professionals - Roland & Associates has always Reliable & Accurate. Need we say more?..."
Recommended by HR-Executive Staffingfrom a Sweden based Automobile company
“Good understanding of requirements.Timely deliveryFocused effortCustomer centric approachGood support at the time of crucial requirements...”
Sr.Recruiter India’s leading IT Infrastructure Company
Browse Jobs
© 2011 Roland & Associates. All rights reserved.
Job, Jobs, IT Jobs, Jobs in IT, Banking, Manufacturing, Services, Vacancies, Jobs in Bangalore, Chennai, Hyderabad, Pune, Delhi, Mumbai, Kolkata, Ahmedabad, Patna and others. Recruitment for different jobs.
You are about to see a demo of careercubicle.com. Please note that information contained here is confidential and should not be shared with others for commercial purpose.
Agree by clicking