Implementation Engineer
Job Seekers
|
|
what:
where:
Moody's
-
Dubai
Our views matter. So will yours.
Further information about "working at Moody's" is available at our Careers Page at www.moodys.com
Reporting to the Technical Services team leader, you will be responsible for delivering technical excellence both internally and on client implementation projects. As there is a significant element of client facing exposure in this role, mobility is required for on-site visits throughout Europe and potentially further afield.
The role comprises:
Qualifying technical queries coming from both customers and internally, and where necessary escalate to the R&D; team Contributing to internal knowledge management systems by updating existing entries and developing best practices and FAQs Working closely with other groups such as Pre-sales and Education, be an internal reference point for technical advice and issues. Performing on-site technical audits of customer installations Assisting implementation projects in the following areas: ** Product installation and configuration, including assistance with setting up 3 rd party software such as database and application servers ** Data mapping from client internal systems to the Moody’s Analytics data warehouse ** Advising on administrative and environmental issues such as security and access rights ** Technical testing Provide training to system administrators and DBAs Performing performance benchmarking and analysis
A degree in Computer Science (or equivalent) is required Extensive experience with either a software developer or systems integrator working as an expert on technically complex applications and architectures Strong relational database experience, especially Oracle 10g/11g, with knowledge of system architectures, system rollouts and general support Excellent command of SQL and PL/SQL: coding, performance tuning (analysis of execution plans) and usage of performance optimization tools Skills in Windows and Unix system administration Experience in setting up and administering web servers (Websphere, Apache, Weblogic, JBoss) J2EE and Unix experience an advantage Strong customer services skills are essential Highly organised, efficient and able to work to tight deadlines. Good written and verbal communication skills Good interpersonal skills and the ability to build strong professional relationships at all levels, with both internal and external parties. Ability to work autonomously with some supervision, yet integrate appropriately with the team and other areas within Moody’s. Excellent attention to detail Ability to work pro-actively, multi-task and able to work using own initiative. Excellent planning, organisational, implementation and follow-up skills required. Second major European language a strong advantage. Position will ultimately require approximately 30% travel.
Our Implementation Services team specialises in customisation projects, based on Moody’s Analytics credit risk assessment software, which is used extensively by commercial banks, other private sector financial institutions, and governmental organisations throughout the world. Our projects include financial and risk rating model customisation, design and development of custom software components, product migration and upgrades, software integration, data conversion and import, and technical client training
Moody’s is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status or any other characteristic protected by law.
Summary
Location:
Company:
Contract type: Permanent
Send to a friend
Your friend's email
Your full name
Your message
Implementation Engineer
http://www.careerjet.co.uk/jobview/022c9c02f0fc02bb104a05be48c2ced1.html?affid=1b8a26c5ef5aa9b4c653af3f2c55b768
|
|
|
|
© 2014 Careerjet