Arabic Speaking Secretary (Site Based) - Doha, Qatar Job in Doha - CH2M - Bayt.com
OK
Cancel
Loading...
Loading...
Jobs
Jobs
Salaries
People Companies Specialties
- All -
- All -Algeria (12)Bahrain (115)Dubai (1538)Egypt (498)Iraq (77)Jordan (391)Kuwait (740)Lebanon (251)Libya (16)Morocco (12)Oman (96)Pakistan (34)Qatar (1061)Saudi Arabia (2772)Sri Lanka (0)Tunisia (6)UAE (3566)Yemen (3)
Loading...
Menu - []
›
› Job Description
Arabic Speaking Secretary (Site Based) - Doha, Qatar
- ,
Gold Career Provider
This employer achieved a Gold Career Provider status based on their record of hiring on Bayt.com.
Date Posted: 2014/05/06 02:00:02
Ref. JB3047677
Job Description
Why CH2M HILL
For decades, CH2M HILL has been a global leader in engineering, consulting, design, program management, construction and operations, working on the most challenging and impactful projects around the world. Through these challenging projects, we develop our people — who transform complex and creative ideas into reality, every day. Join us and together we can work to build a sustainable world. We support you to reach your greatest career goals through continued professional development, a positive work life balance and undeniably cool engineering projects. Join employee-owned CH2M HILL and discover why our diverse team has been consistently ranked as one of the leading employers and repeatedly recognized as a best place to work in the U.S.
About the Business
Description and Desired Qualifications
Arabic Speaking Secretary (Site Based) - Doha, Qatar
Based on Qatars largest Highway project, this position provides a wide variety of administrative and staff support services to an organizational unit. The incumbent will perform a variety of detailed tasks, and ongoing assignments. Knowledge of defined procedures is used to evaluate situations and select a correct solution. The incumbent adapts processes and procedures as necessary to meet objectives and receives work in the form of expected deliverables. The incumbent applies judgment in determining work methods and balancing competing priorities.
Job Responsibilities/Accountabilities:
This career level position has thorough knowledge of a broad range of activities and procedures in own area and works under general guidance to evaluate situations and select the correct solution.
Typically supports a large group or department in coordinating project files, managing information flow, or arranging travel schedules and meeting planning.
Responsibilities are generally complex in nature and require independent judgment to accomplish assignments.
Prepares reports, presentations, and or correspondence of a non-standard nature. May develop new or revise processes and/or procedures, or recommend improvements in support of a department or group of managers.
Basic Qualifications
Job Requirements:
Diploma / Degree Qualified
Efficient Administration skills
5 or more years clerical or secretarial experience is preferred.
Good understanding of Project Management process
Previous experience with large project delivery
Proactive approach to assigned work from PM
What you will find
At CH2M HILL, the greatest challenges provide the biggest rewards. Each day, your drive and creative ideas will be providing solutions that help build a better tomorrow. Whether it is the pride that comes with accomplishment, personal growth or making a difference in the world, you will discover true success in a career that brings out the best in you at CH2M HILL. Ready? Let’s get to work. Developing People through Challenging Projects CH2M HILL is an Equal Opportunity Employer.
EEO/M/F/Veteran/Disability. Learn more about your rights under Federal EEO Laws
Skills
Job Details
Job Location:
Doha, Qatar
Company Industry:
Support Services
Company Type:
Employer (Private Sector)
Job Role:
Other
Joining Date:
Unspecified
Employment Status:
Full time
Employment Type:
Unspecified
Monthly Salary Range:
Unspecified
Manages Others:
No
Number of Vacancies:
1
Preferred Candidate
Career Level:
Mid Career
Years of Experience:
Unspecified
Residence Location:
Unspecified
Gender:
Unspecified
Nationality:
Unspecified
Degree:
Unspecified
About This Company
For decades, CH2M HILL has been a global leader in global leader in engineering, consulting, design, program management, construction and operations, working on the most challenging and impactful projects around the world.
Through these challenging projects, we develop our people — who transform complex and creative ideas into reality, every day.
Join us and together we can work to build a sustainable world.
We support you to reach your greatest career goals through continued professional development, a positive work life balance and undeniably cool engineering projects.
Join employee-owned CH2M HILL and discover why our diverse team has been consistently ranked as one of the leading employers and repeatedly recognized by FORTUNE magazine as one of the “100 Best Companies to Work For”.At CH2M HILL, the greatest challenges provide the biggest rewards. Each day, your drive and creative ideas will be providing solutions that help build a better tomorrow. Whether it is the pride that comes with accomplishment, personal growth or making a difference in the world, you will discover true success in a career that brings out the best in you at CH2M HILL. Ready? Let’s get to work.Developing People through Challenging ProjectsCH2M HILL is an Equal Opportunity Employer.
Date Posted: 2014/05/06 02:00:02
Ref. JB3047677
Recommended Courses
Invite Your
Friends to Bayt.com
Find Jobs
About Bayt.com
Bayt.com is the leading job site in the Gulf and Middle East, connecting job seekers with employers looking to hire.
Every day, thousands of new job vacancies are listed on the award-winning platform from the region's top employers.
Company
Quick Links
Follow
© 2000-2014 Bayt.com, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
-
Reproduction of material from any Bayt.com pages without written permission is strictly prohibited.