Resident Engineer Structures - Doha, Qatar Job in Doha - CH2M - Bayt.com
OK
Cancel
Loading...
Loading...
Jobs
Jobs
Salaries
People Companies Specialties
- All -
- All -Algeria (12)Bahrain (115)Dubai (1538)Egypt (498)Iraq (77)Jordan (391)Kuwait (740)Lebanon (251)Libya (16)Morocco (12)Oman (96)Pakistan (34)Qatar (1061)Saudi Arabia (2772)Sri Lanka (0)Tunisia (6)UAE (3566)Yemen (3)
Loading...
Menu - []
›
› Job Description
Resident Engineer Structures - Doha, Qatar
- ,
Gold Career Provider
This employer achieved a Gold Career Provider status based on their record of hiring on Bayt.com.
Date Posted: 2014/05/06 02:00:02
Ref. JB3047676
Job Description
Why CH2M HILL
For decades, CH2M HILL has been a global leader in engineering, consulting, design, program management, construction and operations, working on the most challenging and impactful projects around the world. Through these challenging projects, we develop our people — who transform complex and creative ideas into reality, every day. Join us and together we can work to build a sustainable world. We support you to reach your greatest career goals through continued professional development, a positive work life balance and undeniably cool engineering projects. Join employee-owned CH2M HILL and discover why our diverse team has been consistently ranked as one of the leading employers and repeatedly recognized as a best place to work in the U.S.
About the Business
Description and Desired Qualifications
CH2M HILL - Resident Engineer Structures - Doha, Qatar
Job Purpose:
The Expressways Projects are a programme of 28 highway projects within Qatar that have been divided into 9 Groups. Halcrow is tendering for the design (from Preliminary) and construction supervision of a number of the Groups. The projects are typically urban or sub-urban and so are complex in nature and will require interface management with stakeholders and adjacent projects. The Groups are typically QR5Bn construction cost.
This requisition form is for the role of structures and tunnels Resident Engineer for the construction supervision of one of the Expressways projects. The Resident Engineer Structures / Tunnels provides oversight of the construction supervision of the structures aspects of the project to ensure that the design documentation is safely and accurately implemented on site, and that the requirements of the construction contract are followed.
The Resident Engineer Structures reports to the Senior Resident Engineer responsible for the Expressways Project, and supervises Assistant Resident Engineers, Structures Engineers and works inspectors.
Job Responsibilities/Accountabilities:
● Perform the duties of the Resident Engineer Structures and Tunnels on site.
● Management and direction of a team of Structures Engineers and Inspectors for the supervision of the construction of the Expressways designs.
● Identifies the resource requirements for the effective supervision of the structures aspects of the construction works, and manages the supervision team.
● Acts as prime point of contact for the structures construction supervision aspects of the project, including progress reporting, safety, financial recommendations, quality control and design modifications.
● Builds a trusted relationship with the management team and with the client’s counterpart staff.
● Establishes an appropriate working relationship with the contractors.
● Places an emphasis on safe construction practices (Target Zero) and on maintaining a high quality of construction. Leads by example in driving safe practices on site.
● Uses effective project management and controls systems to regularly report on progress to the management team.
● Monitors progress of construction against the programme, and takes steps to ensure the programme is achieved.
● Ensures that the project quality control procedures are used for the structures supervision works and monitors it for improvement. Cooperates with audits required in accordance with the contract requirements and Halcrow’s internal systems.
● Defines the scope of work of any sub-consultants and ensures that their employment is effectively administered.
● Assists the Senior Resident Engineer with the planning and coordination of activities for the effective management, control and reporting of the construction supervision of the projects.
● Identifies software and systems required for the administration of the project construction supervision.
● Contributes to the safety and buil
Skills
Job Details
Job Location:
Doha, Qatar
Company Industry:
Engineering
Company Type:
Employer (Private Sector)
Job Role:
Other
Joining Date:
Unspecified
Employment Status:
Full time
Employment Type:
Unspecified
Monthly Salary Range:
Unspecified
Manages Others:
No
Number of Vacancies:
1
Preferred Candidate
Career Level:
Mid Career
Years of Experience:
Unspecified
Residence Location:
Unspecified
Gender:
Unspecified
Nationality:
Unspecified
Degree:
Unspecified
About This Company
For decades, CH2M HILL has been a global leader in global leader in engineering, consulting, design, program management, construction and operations, working on the most challenging and impactful projects around the world.
Through these challenging projects, we develop our people — who transform complex and creative ideas into reality, every day.
Join us and together we can work to build a sustainable world.
We support you to reach your greatest career goals through continued professional development, a positive work life balance and undeniably cool engineering projects.
Join employee-owned CH2M HILL and discover why our diverse team has been consistently ranked as one of the leading employers and repeatedly recognized by FORTUNE magazine as one of the “100 Best Companies to Work For”.At CH2M HILL, the greatest challenges provide the biggest rewards. Each day, your drive and creative ideas will be providing solutions that help build a better tomorrow. Whether it is the pride that comes with accomplishment, personal growth or making a difference in the world, you will discover true success in a career that brings out the best in you at CH2M HILL. Ready? Let’s get to work.Developing People through Challenging ProjectsCH2M HILL is an Equal Opportunity Employer.
Date Posted: 2014/05/06 02:00:02
Ref. JB3047676
Recommended Courses
Invite Your
Friends to Bayt.com
Find Jobs
About Bayt.com
Bayt.com is the leading job site in the Gulf and Middle East, connecting job seekers with employers looking to hire.
Every day, thousands of new job vacancies are listed on the award-winning platform from the region's top employers.
Company
Quick Links
Follow
© 2000-2014 Bayt.com, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
-
Reproduction of material from any Bayt.com pages without written permission is strictly prohibited.