CAD Technician - Doha, Qatar Job in Doha - CH2M - Bayt.com
OK
Cancel
Loading...
Loading...
Jobs
Jobs
Salaries
People Companies Specialties
- All -
- All -Algeria (12)Bahrain (115)Dubai (1538)Egypt (498)Iraq (77)Jordan (391)Kuwait (740)Lebanon (251)Libya (16)Morocco (12)Oman (96)Pakistan (34)Qatar (1061)Saudi Arabia (2772)Sri Lanka (0)Tunisia (6)UAE (3566)Yemen (3)
Loading...
Menu - []
›
› Job Description
CAD Technician - Doha, Qatar
- ,
Gold Career Provider
This employer achieved a Gold Career Provider status based on their record of hiring on Bayt.com.
Date Posted: 2014/05/06 02:00:02
Ref. JB3047675
Job Description
Why CH2M HILL
For decades, CH2M HILL has been a global leader in engineering, consulting, design, program management, construction and operations, working on the most challenging and impactful projects around the world. Through these challenging projects, we develop our people — who transform complex and creative ideas into reality, every day. Join us and together we can work to build a sustainable world. We support you to reach your greatest career goals through continued professional development, a positive work life balance and undeniably cool engineering projects. Join employee-owned CH2M HILL and discover why our diverse team has been consistently ranked as one of the leading employers and repeatedly recognized as a best place to work in the U.S.
Description and Desired Qualifications
Job Purpose:
The Expressways Projects are a programme of 28 highway projects within Qatar that have been divided into 9 Groups. Halcrow is tendering for the design (from Preliminary) and construction supervision of a number of the Groups. The projects are typically urban or sub-urban and so are complex in nature and will require interface management with stakeholders and adjacent projects. The Groups are typically QR5Bn construction cost.
CAD Technicians will report to both the Design Coordinator and also to the Resident Engineers depending on subject matter.
They will be required to:
• Have the ability to read working drawings and related specifications
• Be able to graphically translate verbal and visual instructions into working drawings.
• Have Knowledge in drawing compositions using external references and other advanced AutoCAD drafting techniques
• Know how to coordinate drawings from other trades.
• Be able to perform complex drafting assignments utilizing both manual and computer aided design and drafting software; plan, sections, elevations, details, construction documents for review and approval.
• Ensure that drafting procedures are strictly followed in accordance with the project standards.
• Ensure all number systems fit with QA / QC procedures and manage updates and revision numbers to suit
• Update Drawing registers and control production and issue of project related drawings
• Computer literacy and excellent communication skills are essential
Basic Qualifications
Job Requirements/Qualifications/Experience:
• Relevant technical qualification (degree) is essential
• Minimum 7 years for major highway and infrastructure projects
In addition, the candidate should possess the following skills and knowledge:
• AutoCAD – latest version
• AutoCivil 3D expertise if possible
• Familiarisation with GIS digital systems
• Team player and enthusiasm
• Continual improvement orientated
What you will find
At CH2M HILL, the greatest challenges provide the biggest rewards. Each day, your drive and creative ideas will be providing solutions that help build a better tomorrow. Whether it is the pride that comes with accomplishment, personal growth or making a difference in the world, you will discover true success in a career that brings out the best in you at CH2M HILL. Ready? Let’s get to work. Developing People through Challenging Projects CH2M HILL is an Equal Opportunity Employer.
EEO/M/F/Veteran/Disability. Learn more about your rights under Federal EEO Laws
Skills
Job Details
Job Location:
Doha, Qatar
Company Industry:
Construction/Civil Engineering
Company Type:
Employer (Private Sector)
Job Role:
Other
Joining Date:
Unspecified
Employment Status:
Full time
Employment Type:
Unspecified
Monthly Salary Range:
Unspecified
Manages Others:
No
Number of Vacancies:
1
Preferred Candidate
Career Level:
Mid Career
Years of Experience:
Unspecified
Residence Location:
Unspecified
Gender:
Unspecified
Nationality:
Unspecified
Degree:
Unspecified
About This Company
For decades, CH2M HILL has been a global leader in global leader in engineering, consulting, design, program management, construction and operations, working on the most challenging and impactful projects around the world.
Through these challenging projects, we develop our people — who transform complex and creative ideas into reality, every day.
Join us and together we can work to build a sustainable world.
We support you to reach your greatest career goals through continued professional development, a positive work life balance and undeniably cool engineering projects.
Join employee-owned CH2M HILL and discover why our diverse team has been consistently ranked as one of the leading employers and repeatedly recognized by FORTUNE magazine as one of the “100 Best Companies to Work For”.At CH2M HILL, the greatest challenges provide the biggest rewards. Each day, your drive and creative ideas will be providing solutions that help build a better tomorrow. Whether it is the pride that comes with accomplishment, personal growth or making a difference in the world, you will discover true success in a career that brings out the best in you at CH2M HILL. Ready? Let’s get to work.Developing People through Challenging ProjectsCH2M HILL is an Equal Opportunity Employer.
Date Posted: 2014/05/06 02:00:02
Ref. JB3047675
Recommended Courses
Invite Your
Friends to Bayt.com
Find Jobs
About Bayt.com
Bayt.com is the leading job site in the Gulf and Middle East, connecting job seekers with employers looking to hire.
Every day, thousands of new job vacancies are listed on the award-winning platform from the region's top employers.
Company
Quick Links
Follow
© 2000-2014 Bayt.com, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
-
Reproduction of material from any Bayt.com pages without written permission is strictly prohibited.