HSE Engineer- Doha, Qatar Job in Doha - CH2M - Bayt.com
OK
Cancel
Loading...
Loading...
Jobs
Jobs
Salaries
People Companies Specialties
- All -
- All -Algeria (12)Bahrain (115)Dubai (1538)Egypt (498)Iraq (77)Jordan (391)Kuwait (740)Lebanon (251)Libya (16)Morocco (12)Oman (96)Pakistan (34)Qatar (1061)Saudi Arabia (2772)Sri Lanka (64)Tunisia (6)UAE (3566)Yemen (3)
Loading...
Menu - []
›
› Job Description
HSE Engineer- Doha, Qatar
- ,
Gold Career Provider
This employer achieved a Gold Career Provider status based on their record of hiring on Bayt.com.
Date Posted: 2014/05/06 02:00:02
Ref. JB3047674
Job Description
Why CH2M HILL
In 2011, Halcrow became a CH2M HILL company. CH2M HILL is a global leader in consulting, design, design-build, operations, and program management for government, civil, industrial and energy clients. Together, we’re stronger than ever and better suited to solve the world’s most complex and challenging problems. We’re growing to offer a deeper portfolio of services in key markets around the globe. The combined firm has a more robust presence in the Middle East, South America, India, Australia, the UK and the U.S. We now offer greater local expertise and experience along with a broader range of services worldwide.
About the Business
Description and Desired Qualifications
HSE Engineer - Doha, Qatar
Job Purpose:
HSE Engineer assists in the development, implementation, and administration of safety, health, environmental protection, and substance abuse prevention programs affecting employee and public safety, occupational health, fire protection and prevention, and equipment and property protection
Job Responsibilities/Accountabilities:
Responsible for moderately complex technical work in a wide range of HSE disciplines to achieve compliance with CH2M HILL’s HS&E; standards and regulatory requirements, and works under very general direction and independently determines and develops approaches to solutions. Responsible for implementation of field and office HS&E; program and occupational safety and health regulation in regional operations.
Conducts reviews of potential risks on projects (HS&E;, contracting, and insurance) and identifies potential mitigation measures.
Monitors and prevents chemical, physical and biological hazards and diseases that could be present in the work place.
May act as a lead person or technical expert and provide direction to less experienced personnel.
Conducts regular walk through inspections of construction areas, and investigations in accordance with legal requirements.
Has specific knowledge of specialty areas (Ipp, drinking water, homeland security, biosolids, etc.) and performs onsite audits to ensure regulatory compliance.
Designs or modifies workplaces, processes, products or other systems to control or eliminate hazards. Inspects or surveys workplaces, processes, products or other systems for compliance with established safety and occupational health policies or standards and to identify potential new hazards.
Basic Qualifications
Job Requirements:
Engineering Degree (Degree in industrial hygiene, safety, or related field preferred) with over minimum of 7 years experience in HSE required.
Significant relevant experience on site, ideally on large scale projects in the Middle East
Needs a clear understanding of the Client focused approach
CIH or CSP or CHP desirable
Should be capable of building trust in works relations.
What you will find
At CH2M HILL, the greatest challenges provide the biggest rewards. Each day, your drive and creative ideas will be providing solutions that help build a better tomorrow. Whether it is the pride that comes with accomplishment, personal growth or making a difference in the world, you will discover true success in a career that brings out the best in you at CH2M HILL. Ready? Let’s get to work. Developing People through Challenging Projects CH2M HILL is an Equal Opportunity Employer.
Skills
Job Details
Job Location:
Doha, Qatar
Company Industry:
Construction/Civil Engineering
Company Type:
Employer (Private Sector)
Job Role:
Other
Joining Date:
Unspecified
Employment Status:
Full time
Employment Type:
Unspecified
Monthly Salary Range:
Unspecified
Manages Others:
No
Number of Vacancies:
1
Preferred Candidate
Career Level:
Mid Career
Years of Experience:
Unspecified
Residence Location:
Unspecified
Gender:
Unspecified
Nationality:
Unspecified
Degree:
Unspecified
About This Company
For decades, CH2M HILL has been a global leader in global leader in engineering, consulting, design, program management, construction and operations, working on the most challenging and impactful projects around the world.
Through these challenging projects, we develop our people — who transform complex and creative ideas into reality, every day.
Join us and together we can work to build a sustainable world.
We support you to reach your greatest career goals through continued professional development, a positive work life balance and undeniably cool engineering projects.
Join employee-owned CH2M HILL and discover why our diverse team has been consistently ranked as one of the leading employers and repeatedly recognized by FORTUNE magazine as one of the “100 Best Companies to Work For”.At CH2M HILL, the greatest challenges provide the biggest rewards. Each day, your drive and creative ideas will be providing solutions that help build a better tomorrow. Whether it is the pride that comes with accomplishment, personal growth or making a difference in the world, you will discover true success in a career that brings out the best in you at CH2M HILL. Ready? Let’s get to work.Developing People through Challenging ProjectsCH2M HILL is an Equal Opportunity Employer.
Date Posted: 2014/05/06 02:00:02
Ref. JB3047674
Recommended Courses
Invite Your
Friends to Bayt.com
Find Jobs
About Bayt.com
Bayt.com is the leading job site in the Gulf and Middle East, connecting job seekers with employers looking to hire.
Every day, thousands of new job vacancies are listed on the award-winning platform from the region's top employers.
Company
Quick Links
Follow
© 2000-2014 Bayt.com, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
-
Reproduction of material from any Bayt.com pages without written permission is strictly prohibited.