Senior Planner - Doha, Qatar Job in Doha - CH2M - Bayt.com
OK
Cancel
Loading...
Loading...
Jobs
Jobs
Salaries
People Companies Specialties
- All -
- All -Algeria (12)Bahrain (115)Dubai (1538)Egypt (498)Iraq (77)Jordan (391)Kuwait (740)Lebanon (251)Libya (16)Morocco (12)Oman (96)Pakistan (34)Qatar (1061)Saudi Arabia (2772)Sri Lanka (64)Tunisia (6)UAE (3566)Yemen (3)
Loading...
Menu - []
›
› Job Description
Senior Planner - Doha, Qatar
- ,
Gold Career Provider
This employer achieved a Gold Career Provider status based on their record of hiring on Bayt.com.
Date Posted: 2014/05/06 02:00:01
Ref. JB3047673
Job Description
Why CH2M HILL
In 2011, Halcrow became a CH2M HILL company. CH2M HILL is a global leader in consulting, design, design-build, operations, and program management for government, civil, industrial and energy clients. Together, we’re stronger than ever and better suited to solve the world’s most complex and challenging problems. We’re growing to offer a deeper portfolio of services in key markets around the globe. The combined firm has a more robust presence in the Middle East, South America, India, Australia, the UK and the U.S. We now offer greater local expertise and experience along with a broader range of services worldwide.
About the Business
Description and Desired Qualifications
Senior Planner - Doha, Qatar
Job Purpose:
As an important provider of engineering services with an established office, reputation and track record in the region for delivery of major projects, “Halcrow part of the CH2M HILL family" is supporting our clients to provide program delivery services for the future of their new projects.
The Senior Planning Engineer uses the Primavera suite of tools to effectively plan and monitor the progress of the project. Also uses the tools to establish systems to effectively track and documents and submittals.
Job Responsibilities/Accountabilities:
Management and direction of the Planning Engineering Team responsible for the establishment and tracking of the project programme and cost control systems.
Management and direction of the document management systems, in consultation with the Document Management Team.
Works with the Client's Programme Management Consultant to establish the required interfaces for project reporting.
Acts as the prime point of contact for all project programme and cost reporting aspects on the project.
Builds a trusted relationship with the management team and with the client's counterpart staff.
Establishes effective project management and controls systems that compliment the client's reporting systems and that integrate into the project systems. Monitors, refines and improves the reporting and controls tools as required.
Assists the Project Controls Manager in establishing accurate and complete project progress and cost reporting and project controls deliverables.
Identifies software and systems required for the technical delivery of the project, and makes recommendations to the Project Controls Manager for their purchase.
Evaluates, selects, and adapts programme management and control techniques, procedures, and criteria to suit job tasks, and devises and implements solutions to problems encountered.
Ensures that the project controls team members effectively identify, manage and report project risks.
Basic Qualifications
Job Requirements:
Previous experience as the Planning Manager for complex projects within the last 3 years, ideally construction supervision projects in the Middle East region.
Minimum Degree qualified and 15 years experience in planning / project controls.
Fully understand the aspects of project controls of complex highways projects and the management interrelationship between the associated design disciplines.
Experienced with using Primavera P6 and CESMM 3 or 4 method of measurement.
Have experience of managing projects with KPI as measures against performance and payment.
Be able to communicate effectively with project controls teams and motivate them to meet the project objectives.
Good leadership skills, and be able to work in a multi-cultural and multi-discipline team.
Excellent communication and report writing skills, and good presentation skills in English.
Written and spoken Arabic skills are beneficial but not essential.
What you will find
At CH2M HILL, the greatest challenges provide the biggest rewards. Each day, your drive and creative ideas will be providing solutions that help build a better tomorrow. Whether it is the pride that comes w
Skills
Job Details
Job Location:
Doha, Qatar
Company Industry:
Construction/Civil Engineering
Company Type:
Employer (Private Sector)
Job Role:
Other
Joining Date:
Unspecified
Employment Status:
Full time
Employment Type:
Unspecified
Monthly Salary Range:
Unspecified
Manages Others:
No
Number of Vacancies:
1
Preferred Candidate
Career Level:
Mid Career
Years of Experience:
Unspecified
Residence Location:
Unspecified
Gender:
Unspecified
Nationality:
Unspecified
Degree:
Unspecified
About This Company
For decades, CH2M HILL has been a global leader in global leader in engineering, consulting, design, program management, construction and operations, working on the most challenging and impactful projects around the world.
Through these challenging projects, we develop our people — who transform complex and creative ideas into reality, every day.
Join us and together we can work to build a sustainable world.
We support you to reach your greatest career goals through continued professional development, a positive work life balance and undeniably cool engineering projects.
Join employee-owned CH2M HILL and discover why our diverse team has been consistently ranked as one of the leading employers and repeatedly recognized by FORTUNE magazine as one of the “100 Best Companies to Work For”.At CH2M HILL, the greatest challenges provide the biggest rewards. Each day, your drive and creative ideas will be providing solutions that help build a better tomorrow. Whether it is the pride that comes with accomplishment, personal growth or making a difference in the world, you will discover true success in a career that brings out the best in you at CH2M HILL. Ready? Let’s get to work.Developing People through Challenging ProjectsCH2M HILL is an Equal Opportunity Employer.
Date Posted: 2014/05/06 02:00:01
Ref. JB3047673
Similar Jobs
Recommended Courses
Invite Your
Friends to Bayt.com
Find Jobs
About Bayt.com
Bayt.com is the leading job site in the Gulf and Middle East, connecting job seekers with employers looking to hire.
Every day, thousands of new job vacancies are listed on the award-winning platform from the region's top employers.
Company
Quick Links
Follow
© 2000-2014 Bayt.com, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
-
Reproduction of material from any Bayt.com pages without written permission is strictly prohibited.