eFinancialCareers jobs: Head of Investment Products, Liabilities & Wealth Management in McGregor Boyall, Dubai < United Arab Emirates
8573 jobs globally for professionals and students in Finance, Banking and Insurance
or
Search for jobs
×
×
Search Jobs
Loading, please wait...
Head of Investment Products, Liabilities & Wealth Management
Head of Investment Products, Liabilities & Wealth Management
Salary:
Excellent tax free package and bonus scheme
Location:
Dubai < United Arab Emirates
Job Type:
Permanent, Full time
Company:
McGregor Boyall
Posted on:
06 May 14
Our client is one of the leading banks in the MENA region and seeks to build on their market leading wealth management business. They are seeking a Head of Investment Products, Liabilities & Wealth Management to drive the business forward and develop their brand.
Overall responsibility for the product management function for investment and insurance products within Wealth Mgt. which includes product development, vendor relations, client advisory, portfolio and performance analysis, performance training & below the line sales. Key Responsibilities:
Design a diverse range of new investment products to cover all relevant asset classes Provide market updates and product back up information for all products marketed Co-ordinate and liaise with various departments Credit, Operations and other departments for approval and implementation of the products Implement marketing and media plan to ensure effective penetration of new products. Liaise with advertising agencies for development and production of marketing collateral for products. Conduct road shows for clients and internal teams & departments when launching new products Identifying & introducing new vendors that provide an appropriate product offering Liaise and negotiate Agreements with 3rd party providers for respective products according to product needs and negotiate the fees & commissions Maintain relationships with key partners like product structures, 3rd party solution providers (Fls, Banks, mutual fund cost) To develop product provider evaluation criteria from a product diversity, service and support standpoint prior to distribution tie up and review on an on-going basis Organize promotion, sales support and training initiatives with product partners Responsible for Investment Services portfolio research, analysis for investment & wealth mgt. products across asset classes in financial markets & existing client portfolios Conduct product reviews to ensure that products are adequately supported. Bench marking of the products and services vis-à-vis pricing for the products. Development of product benchmarking models for investment product comparisons on various parameters. To regularly update and maintain product manuals and guidelines for launching products To develop product provider evaluation criteria from a risk and reputation standpoint prior to distribution tie up and review on an on-going basis Set up 3rd party due diligence process and execute for every new relationship and on a periodic basis for existing relationships Manage sales team for product based sales to non-bank customers and acquire new relationships for the RM team to develop further Responsible for BTL investment / insurance / liabilities sales numbers To train WM SRMs / RMs on the products launched and provide relevant information on the products launched To train on WM SRMs / RMs on WM client advisory cycle on an on-going basis.
Knowledge & Experience:
Educational Qualification: Graduate – preferably Masters Preferred CA or CFA Minimum 12-15  years in Sales and Product Development of Investment / Insurance products, and/or 3-4 yrs of Wealth Mgt. product management.
Skills:
Creativity and negotiation skills Sound knowledge on investment and insurance products Market Knowledge Technical knowledge to design investment products Good communication and presentation skills Good interpersonal skills.
McGregor Boyall
Contact Details
Company:
McGregor Boyall
Email:
gbutton@mcgregor-boyall.com
Recruiter ref:
GB/WM
Europe, Middle East & Africa
Americas
Asia-Pacific
eFinancialCareers
Contact Us
Legal Information
eFinancialCareers is a Dice Holdings, Inc. company. Dice Holdings, Inc. is a publicly traded company listed on the New York Stock Exchange. (Ticker: DHX)
© Copyright 2000-2014 eFinancialCareers Ltd.
We use cookies to ensure we give you the best experience on our websites. If you continue, we'll assume that you are happy to receive all cookies on our websites.
×