Principal Engineer (MEP) - Dubai, UAE Job in Dubai - CH2M - Bayt.com
OK
Cancel
Loading...
Loading...
Jobs
Jobs
Salaries
People Companies Specialties
- All -
- All -Algeria (12)Bahrain (115)Dubai (1538)Egypt (498)Iraq (77)Jordan (391)Kuwait (740)Lebanon (251)Libya (16)Morocco (12)Oman (96)Pakistan (34)Qatar (1061)Saudi Arabia (2772)Sri Lanka (0)Tunisia (6)UAE (3566)Yemen (3)
Loading...
Menu - []
›
› Job Description
Principal Engineer (MEP) - Dubai, UAE
- ,
Gold Career Provider
This employer achieved a Gold Career Provider status based on their record of hiring on Bayt.com.
Date Posted: 2014/05/06 02:00:01
Ref. JB3047672
Job Description
Why CH2M HILL
For decades, CH2M HILL has been a global leader in engineering, consulting, design, program management, construction and operations, working on the most challenging and impactful projects around the world. Through these challenging projects, we develop our people — who transform complex and creative ideas into reality, every day. Join us and together we can work to build a sustainable world. We support you to reach your greatest career goals through continued professional development, a positive work life balance and undeniably cool engineering projects. Join employee-owned CH2M HILL and discover why our diverse team has been consistently ranked as one of the leading employers and repeatedly recognized as a best place to work in the U.S.
About the Business
Description and Desired Qualifications
Job Responsibilities/Accountabilities:
The principal function of this position is:
The successful candidate will be working at senior level in their current organization, and be familiar with leading and running building services mechanical engineering design projects across a diverse range of market sectors. With a well developed knowledge of international codes and standards, the post holder will be able to demonstrate the ability to act independently, provide cost effective, technically sound design solutions. The post holder will spend time overseeing designs undertaken in both Abu Dhabi and Dubai.
The successful applicant will be able to demonstrate the following:
A strong commitment to design leadership and also be able to demonstrate excellent communication skills.
An ability to lead and manage project designs in collaboration with the management team to deliver a sustainable solutions with a careful assessment and awareness of commercial risks
A strong working knowledge of contract types ie Design / design and Build etc, industry standard appointments and other industry standard guides and documentation is essential. A track record of delivering high quality designs is essential.
Work in a multidisciplinary design team to successfully deliver multidiscipline and sustainable solutions for building projects.
A strong understanding of analytical techniques and be able to work with team members to deliver innovative solutions based on sound engineering theory.
An interest in building design and demonstrate an ability to work from first principles to deliver best solutions to meet Client needs.
Be able to interface and work with Clients, contractors and suppliers through the normal project cycle to develop system design.
Assist in developing a team that will offer a full range of skills to provide a full building engineering service.
The applicant will as part of the their normal duties undertake the following tasks:
Liaising with new and existing clients on project procurement.
Assisting directors on fees submission and negotiations.
Preliminary studies including Budget Estimation, concept development and sign off.
Schematic and Detail Design.
Inter services coordination.
Specifications and tender documentation.
Indoor Air Quality investigations.
Refurbishment of mechanical services.
Site Investigation and due diligence reports.
Management of multiple projects with priority identification.
Leading team of engineers and CAD draft persons.
Review of equipment tech data against specification and relevant codes & standards.
Basic Qualifications
Job Requirements/Qualifications/Experience:
The successful applicant will be able to demonstrate expertise in the following design areas
Air conditioning system design
Undergorund parking, indoor ventilation and smoke exhaust system design
Building and site drainage system design (Soil and waste )
Building and site plumbing system design ( Hot and cold water)
Building Fire protection and external hydrant system design
The ideal candidate should possess and be able to demonstrate the fol
Skills
Job Details
Job Location:
Dubai, United Arab Emirates
Company Industry:
Engineering
Company Type:
Employer (Private Sector)
Job Role:
Other
Joining Date:
Unspecified
Employment Status:
Full time
Employment Type:
Unspecified
Monthly Salary Range:
Unspecified
Manages Others:
No
Number of Vacancies:
1
Preferred Candidate
Career Level:
Mid Career
Years of Experience:
Unspecified
Residence Location:
Unspecified
Gender:
Unspecified
Nationality:
Unspecified
Degree:
Unspecified
About This Company
For decades, CH2M HILL has been a global leader in global leader in engineering, consulting, design, program management, construction and operations, working on the most challenging and impactful projects around the world.
Through these challenging projects, we develop our people — who transform complex and creative ideas into reality, every day.
Join us and together we can work to build a sustainable world.
We support you to reach your greatest career goals through continued professional development, a positive work life balance and undeniably cool engineering projects.
Join employee-owned CH2M HILL and discover why our diverse team has been consistently ranked as one of the leading employers and repeatedly recognized by FORTUNE magazine as one of the “100 Best Companies to Work For”.At CH2M HILL, the greatest challenges provide the biggest rewards. Each day, your drive and creative ideas will be providing solutions that help build a better tomorrow. Whether it is the pride that comes with accomplishment, personal growth or making a difference in the world, you will discover true success in a career that brings out the best in you at CH2M HILL. Ready? Let’s get to work.Developing People through Challenging ProjectsCH2M HILL is an Equal Opportunity Employer.
Date Posted: 2014/05/06 02:00:01
Ref. JB3047672
Recommended Courses
Invite Your
Friends to Bayt.com
Find Jobs
About Bayt.com
Bayt.com is the leading job site in the Gulf and Middle East, connecting job seekers with employers looking to hire.
Every day, thousands of new job vacancies are listed on the award-winning platform from the region's top employers.
Company
Quick Links
Follow
© 2000-2014 Bayt.com, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
-
Reproduction of material from any Bayt.com pages without written permission is strictly prohibited.