Principal Engineer (MEP) - Dubai, UAE - CH2M - Dubai Jobs | Dubai Informer
Nowadays so many people are taking interest in
.
The players are attracted by the graphics of the website of , so they like to play more.
The online
packages comes with lots of amazing gifts.
Search for the
that contains the games which your device can support.
Local Dubai News and UAE Updates
»
»
» Principal Engineer (MEP) – Dubai, UAE – CH2M – Dubai Jobs
Posted on 06 May 2014. Tags: , , , ,
Why CH2M HILLFor decades,
CH2M HILL has been a global leader in engineering,
consulting,
design,
program management,
construction and operations,
working on the most challenging and impactful projects around the world. Through these challenging projects,
we develop our people — who transform complex and creative ideas into reality,
every day. Join us and together we can work to build a sustainable world. We support you to reach your greatest career goals through continued professional development,
a positive work life balance and undeniably cool engineering projects. Join employee-owned CH2M HILL and discover why our diverse team has been consistently ranked as one of the leading employers and repeatedly recognized as a best place to work in the U.S.About the Business
Description and Desired Qualifications
Job Responsibilities/Accountabilities:
The principal function of this position is:
The successful candidate will be working at senior level in their current organization,
and be familiar with leading and running building services mechanical engineering design projects across a diverse range of market sectors. With a well developed knowledge of international codes and standards,
the post holder will be able to demonstrate the ability to act independently,
provide cost effective,
technically sound design solutions. The post holder will spend time overseeing designs undertaken in both Abu Dhabi and Dubai.
The successful applicant will be able to demonstrate the following:
A strong commitment to design leadership and also be able to demonstrate excellent communication skills.
An ability to lead and manage project designs in collaboration with the management team to deliver a sustainable solutions with a careful assessment and awareness of commercial risks
A strong working knowledge of contract types ie Design / design and Build etc,
industry standard appointments and other industry standard guides and documentation is essential. A track record of delivering high quality designs is essential.
Work in a multidisciplinary design team to successfully deliver multidiscipline and sustainable solutions for building projects.
A strong understanding of analytical techniques and be able to work with team members to deliver innovative solutions based on sound engineering theory.
An interest in building design and demonstrate an ability to work from first principles to deliver best solutions to meet Client needs.
Be able to interface and work with Clients,
contractors and suppliers through the normal project cycle to develop system design.
Assist in developing a team that will offer a full range of skills to provide a full building engineering service.The applicant will as part of the their normal duties undertake the following tasks:
Liaising with new and existing clients on project procurement.
Assisting directors on fees submission and negotiations.
Preliminary studies including Budget Estimation,
concept development and sign off.
Schematic and Detail Design.
Inter services coordination.
Specifications and tender documentation.
Indoor Air Quality investigations.
Refurbishment of mechanical services.
Site Investigation and due diligence reports.
Management of multiple projects with priority identification.
Leading team of engineers and CAD draft persons.
Review of equipment tech data against specification and relevant codes & standards.
Basic Qualifications
Job Requirements/Qualifications/Experience:
The successful applicant will be able to demonstrate expertise in the following design areas
Air conditioning system design
Undergorund parking,
indoor ventilation and smoke exhaust system design
Building and site drainage system design (Soil and waste )
Building and site plumbing system design ( Hot and cold water)
Building Fire protection and external hydrant system designThe ideal candidate should possess and be able to demonstrate the fol
Job Details
Date Posted:
2014-05-06
Job Location:
Dubai, United Arab Emirates
Job Role:
Other
Company Industry:
Engineering
Preferred Candidate
Career Level:
Mid Career
–
–
–
Full News here –
Leave a Reply
Submit Your Photo Of Dubai
Upload photos of your city here!
Sign in with:
Click
to log in with Facebook
Picture: (will be re-sized automatically)
Post Title:
Description: (will show as text under your picture)
Tags: (add comma separated tags here)
You agree to these
when posting!English + no HTML please. We email you once your post is live.
66,679 Fans
54,808 Followers
669 Subscribers
27,682 Subscribers
May 6, 2014
May 6, 2014
May 6, 2014
May 6, 2014
May 6, 2014
November 19, 2011
July 24, 2012
July 28, 2012
August 22, 2012
October 19, 2012
Stay up to date
Fly Emirates
|
|
|
|
|
|
© 2014 Dubai Informer