alJazeera Jobs - Operations Manager
Jobs in Qatar, Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, Oman, Bahrain, Dubai, Abu Dhabi by alJazeera Jobs
Select Language
English
Francais
Deutsch
عربي
Español
Português
Русский
Nederlands
Türkçe
اردو
Contact alJazeera Jobs Bahrain: (+973) 16199-113
Serving Arabian Gulf Job Seekers since 2007, alJazeera Jobs
is the established, trusted and leading provider of Jobs in
, , , ,
and .
Subscribe to our custom developed Candidate
Management Service to proactively place your details in Arabic
and English into the HR systems of the leading employers in
the Gulf. Jump to the head of the queue and get hired, sign-up
.
JOB SEARCH
I'm looking for...
In location
Select Country
Saudi Arabia
UAE
Kuwait
Qatar
Bahrain
Oman
other
ACCOUNT MANAGEMENT:
|
Operations Manager
06 May 2014 02:39 AM - UAE
Operations ManagerApply now Job no: 675991Location: Dubai Dubai Head Office Miss Selrfridge Miss Selfridge, from the UK, brings contemporary style to self-assured women looking for unique, feminine fashions. The brand is renowned for capturing the latest trends and epitomizing colourful, fun and fast-paced fashion. Our staff enjoy working in a lively and fashionable environment surrounded by the latest trends.  The Role:As Operations Manager you will be responsible for achieving all targets set by the business plan as well as store and employee performance management. You will also actively contribute to business development including new store openings and identifying opportunities for staff and business development. In addition to the day-to-day responsibilities you will be expected to build external networks to understand market trends and competitor activity that, once fed back into central teams, allows us to maintain a competitive advantage.Qualifications & Requirements: • English language skills are essential• Arabic skills would be an advantage• At least 3 years' (more...)
ASY
Advertisement
|
|
|
|
|
All rights reserved - AlJazeeraJobs ® is a registered trade mark and unauthorised usage is strictly prohibited.
|
, , , , ,