Traffic / Signalization project Engineer Job in Mecca - Grupo Norconsulting SL - Bayt.com
OK
Cancel
Loading...
Loading...
Jobs
Jobs
Salaries
People Companies Specialties
- All -
- All -Algeria (12)Bahrain (115)Dubai (1538)Egypt (498)Iraq (77)Jordan (391)Kuwait (740)Lebanon (251)Libya (16)Morocco (12)Oman (96)Pakistan (34)Qatar (1061)Saudi Arabia (2772)Sri Lanka (64)Tunisia (6)UAE (3566)Yemen (3)
Loading...
Menu - []
›
› Job Description
Traffic / Signalization project Engineer
- ,
Date Posted: 2014/05/05 19:38:26
Ref. JB3047567
Job Description
We are searching for a Signalization and Traffic Project Engineer for an important European Company
We are looking for a Project Engineer with experience in Traffic Management and IT System for projects in Makkah and Medina.
The candidate selected will have to manage moderate size projects with high complexity. This includes initiating, planning, executing, controlling and closing of customer projects.
Will be necessary an experience on similar position of 3 - 5 years
Languages: High level of English and Arabic is required.
Candidates will be based on site activity in Makah and Medina
Skills
Project Engineer with experience in Traffic Management and IT System for projects in Makkah and Medina
 Project Management, Traffic Engineering, Transport Planning and Master Planning.
 Parking Management, Parking Studies, Parking Master Planning and Parking Solutions.
 Traffic Analysis, Traffic Impact Studies, Traffic Safety Studies, Traffic Calming and Operational Analysis.
 Manual Formulation, Site Surveys, De-Bottlenecking and Flow Management.
 System Tracking, Development and Up gradation.
 Manual and Automatic Traffic Counts, Turning Movement Counts, Roadside Interviews, Household Surveys.
 Parking Turn Over Surveys, Land Use Surveys and Journey Time Surveys.
 SATURN, VISSIM, Synchro, aaSIDRA, HCS2000, AIMSUN and VISSUM, AutoCAD and MapInfo.
Will be necessary an experience on similar position of 3 - 5 years
This job is posted in the following Specialties:
Job Details
Job Location:
Mecca, Saudi Arabia
Company Industry:
Engineering; Telecommunications; Information Technology
Company Type:
Recruitment Agency
Job Role:
Engineering
Joining Date:
Unspecified
Employment Status:
Full time
Employment Type:
Employee
Monthly Salary Range:
Unspecified
Manages Others:
Yes
Number of Vacancies:
2
Preferred Candidate
Career Level:
Management
Years of Experience:
Min: 3 Max: 15
Residence Location:
Algeria; Australia; Bahrain; Canada; Comoros; Djibouti; Egypt; Great Britain (UK); Iraq; Ireland; Jordan; Kuwait; Lebanon; Libya; Mauritania; Morocco; New Zealand; Oman; Palestine; Qatar; Saudi Arabia; Somalia; Sudan; Syria; Tunisia; United Arab Emirates; United Kingdom; United States; Yemen
Gender:
Male
Degree:
Bachelor's degree / higher diploma
About This Company
Norconsulting, founded in 2001, as a global recruitment consultancy, specialising in the Engineering, Telecom, Health, IT, Oil & Gas and Pharma sectors.We opened our first office in MADRID and since then we’ve kept on growing. In 2003 we expanded into European markets, initially recruiting from our UK offices.
Date Posted: 2014/05/05 19:38:26
Ref. JB3047567
Similar Jobs
Recommended Courses
Invite Your
Friends to Bayt.com
Find Jobs
About Bayt.com
Bayt.com is the leading job site in the Gulf and Middle East, connecting job seekers with employers looking to hire.
Every day, thousands of new job vacancies are listed on the award-winning platform from the region's top employers.
Company
Quick Links
Follow
© 2000-2014 Bayt.com, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
-
Reproduction of material from any Bayt.com pages without written permission is strictly prohibited.