Sr. HSE Design Engineer Job in Tripoli - Progressive Global Energy - Bayt.com
OK
Cancel
Loading...
Loading...
Jobs
Jobs
Salaries
People Companies Specialties
- All -
- All -Algeria (12)Bahrain (115)Dubai (1538)Egypt (498)Iraq (77)Jordan (391)Kuwait (740)Lebanon (251)Libya (16)Morocco (12)Oman (96)Pakistan (34)Qatar (1061)Saudi Arabia (2772)Sri Lanka (64)Tunisia (6)UAE (3566)Yemen (3)
Loading...
Menu - []
›
› Job Description
Sr. HSE Design Engineer
- ,
Date Posted: 2014/05/05 18:00:17
Ref. JB3047562
Job Description
SENIOR HSE DESIGN ENGINEERThe Senior HSE Design Engineer will be expected to assume significant technical responsibility and help with managing the day-to-day execution of the projects workload. The Senior HSE Design Engineer will also support the lead HSE engineer for technical direction and control within the team including for checking of deliverables prepared by other HSE Engineers within the HSE group.REQUIREMENTS*Possess Bachelors Degree in Chemical Engineering or equivalent as minimum*Minimum 10 - 12 years experience in the oil and gas industry out ofwhich at least 3 years in a senior engineering role.*Must be able to execute technical work for FEED and Detailed Engineering Designs (designs, specifications, drawings, etc). Ample Engineering Design Experience is essential.*Be a team player where recognition of team performance as a whole is a greater priority than projecting individual contribution.*Be able to work in a team environment and handle multiple project responsibilities.*Be computer literate in Word, Excel, Project, Powepoint, etc.*Sound technical knowledge based on both theoretical and practical knowledge*Proven record of achievement. Satisfactory annual appraisal scores and comments from supervisors.*Strong spoken and written English.*Good presentation, communications and organisational skillsROLE AND RESPONSIBILITIES*Work in the engineering teams under the direction of lead engineers preparing and producing HSE engineering deliverables for projects. Will be expected to assume lead engineer in the absence of lead engineer.*Contribute to the design of engineering solutions and produce detailed designs and specifications. Prepare deliverables to meet specific project requirements including:oProject HSE PlansoHSE PhilosophiesoFire & Gas System SpecificationoActive and Passive Fire ProtectionoFire Fighting LayoutsoFire and Gas Detection LayoutsoSafety Key PlansoHazardous Area Classification LayoutsoEngineering Studies Reports (Gas Dispersion Analysis, Fire and Explosion, etc.)oRisk Assessment Studies Reports (HZIDS, HAZOPS, SILs, etc.)CONTRACT DETAILS:-1 year contract - renewable-Pay: up to $400 USD per day WORKED (not paid on days off)-Location: client office Tripoli, Libya-Rotation: 65 days in country/21 days off-Work Schedule: 6 days per week - 9 hours per day-Accomodation: single with private facilities + laundry service - provided by client-Flights: paid by client, econonmy class only-Insurace: medical and evacuation paid by client-Food: 2 meals per day provided by client-In-country Transportation: provided by client, daily
Skills
HSE Design Engineer
Job Details
Job Location:
Tripoli, Libya
Company Industry:
Accounting/Auditing
Company Type:
Recruitment Agency
Job Role:
Engineering
Joining Date:
Unspecified
Employment Status:
Full time
Employment Type:
Contractor
Monthly Salary Range:
$8,000 - $9,000
Manages Others:
No
Number of Vacancies:
1
Preferred Candidate
Career Level:
Student/Internship
Years of Experience:
Unspecified
Residence Location:
Unspecified
Gender:
Unspecified
Nationality:
Unspecified
Degree:
Unspecified
Date Posted: 2014/05/05 18:00:17
Ref. JB3047562
Recommended Courses
Invite Your
Friends to Bayt.com
Find Jobs
About Bayt.com
Bayt.com is the leading job site in the Gulf and Middle East, connecting job seekers with employers looking to hire.
Every day, thousands of new job vacancies are listed on the award-winning platform from the region's top employers.
Company
Quick Links
Follow
© 2000-2014 Bayt.com, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
-
Reproduction of material from any Bayt.com pages without written permission is strictly prohibited.