Regional Solutions Engineer Job in Dubai - LCC - Lightbridge Communications Company - Bayt.com
OK
Cancel
Loading...
Loading...
Jobs
Jobs
Salaries
People Companies Specialties
- All -
- All -Algeria (12)Bahrain (115)Dubai (1538)Egypt (498)Iraq (77)Jordan (391)Kuwait (740)Lebanon (251)Libya (16)Morocco (12)Oman (96)Pakistan (34)Qatar (1061)Saudi Arabia (2772)Sri Lanka (64)Tunisia (6)UAE (3566)Yemen (3)
Loading...
Menu - []
›
› Job Description
Regional Solutions Engineer
- ,
Date Posted: 2014/05/05 15:53:34
Ref. JB3047521
Job Description
LCC, the largest independent wireless engineering company in the world, is the recognized leader in providing wireless voice and data turn-key services to the telecommunications industry. Our service offerings include network services, business consulting, tools-based solutions and training through the world-renowned Wireless Institute.
Our company has worked with all major access technologies (including UMTS, EV-DO, HSDPA and WiMAX) and participated in the success of some of the most sophisticated wireless systems in the world. We bring local knowledge and global capabilities to our customers, offering innovative solutions, insight into cutting-edge developments and delivering solutions that increase business efficiencies.
We are currently looking for a Regional Solutions Engineer with the following background:
Description of responsibilities:
•	Pre/Post sales support to Sales with Solutions
•	Manage and implement short term/ad hoc solution based projects
•	Kick off and knowledge transfer in larger solution based projects
•	Development of analysis and reporting dashboards/decks.
•	Analysis of RFQ/RFI/tenders/bid requests in RF engineering design, optimization, performance and benchmarking within MEA from a technical and solution perspective.
•	Preparation of bids and proposal in line with the requirements of projects in RF engineering design, optimization, performance and benchmarking within MEA from a technical and solution perspective.
•	Representation on behalf of the company in technical meetings with the clients as required.
•	Coordinate with internal customers/colleagues & regional management for all the updates regarding the new opportunities.
•	Heavy travel as required
Skills
Experience & skills required:
•	At least 5 to 7 Years of relevant experience.
•	Experience in the RF engineering design, optimization and performance areas.
•	Special attention to strong experience RF performance engineering
•	Experience in new technologies such as LTE, small cells. CEM, etc.
•	Cost model development
•	Written and spoken English (required)
•	Written and spoken Arabic a big plus
•	Good interpersonal skills (required)
•	Good computer knowledge and skills (required)
•	Good wireless knowledge and skills (required)
•	Analytical skills (Preferred)
Start Date: ASAP
Location(s):
Based in Dubai, UAE and covering the MEA region
Education desired: Bachelor’s Degree, Engineering or Telecommunications.
Education
Engineering or Telecommunications
Job Details
Job Location:
Dubai, United Arab Emirates
Company Industry:
Telecommunications
Company Type:
Employer (Private Sector)
Job Role:
Engineering
Joining Date:
2014-05-11
Employment Status:
Full time
Employment Type:
Employee
Monthly Salary Range:
Unspecified
Manages Others:
Unspecified
Number of Vacancies:
1
Preferred Candidate
Career Level:
Mid Career
Years of Experience:
Min: 5
Residence Location:
Bahrain; Kuwait; Oman; Qatar; Saudi Arabia; United Arab Emirates
Gender:
Unspecified
Nationality:
Unspecified
Degree:
Bachelor's degree / higher diploma
About This Company
Lightbridge Communications Corporation (LCC), the largest independent telecom services company in the world with local presence in over 40 countries, is a recognized leader in providing advanced wireless and wire-line network services and solutions to Government, Enterprise and the Telecommunications industry. Proudly providing telecom expertise since 1983, LCC continues to be the thought leader in advanced engineering services and remains committed to offering innovative solutions; insight into cutting-edge developments and delivering advanced networking services to our clients. LCC is unique in its ability to offer local knowledge and global capabilities to its broad customer base of Telecom Operators, Enterprise and Government entities.
With over 4000+ employees worldwide, come and enjoy a corporate culture that offers a competitive salary structure, encourages employee growth and thrives on its dynamic environment.
Date Posted: 2014/05/05 15:53:34
Ref. JB3047521
Recommended Courses
Invite Your
Friends to Bayt.com
Find Jobs
About Bayt.com
Bayt.com is the leading job site in the Gulf and Middle East, connecting job seekers with employers looking to hire.
Every day, thousands of new job vacancies are listed on the award-winning platform from the region's top employers.
Company
Quick Links
Follow
© 2000-2014 Bayt.com, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
-
Reproduction of material from any Bayt.com pages without written permission is strictly prohibited.