IBS DAS Design Engineer Job in Dubai - LCC - Lightbridge Communications Company - Bayt.com
OK
Cancel
Loading...
Loading...
Jobs
Jobs
Salaries
People Companies Specialties
- All -
- All -Algeria (12)Bahrain (115)Dubai (1538)Egypt (498)Iraq (77)Jordan (391)Kuwait (740)Lebanon (251)Libya (16)Morocco (12)Oman (96)Pakistan (34)Qatar (1061)Saudi Arabia (2772)Sri Lanka (64)Tunisia (6)UAE (3566)Yemen (3)
Loading...
Menu - []
›
› Job Description
IBS DAS Design Engineer
- ,
Date Posted: 2014/05/05 15:32:47
Ref. JB3047519
Job Description
LCC, the largest independent wireless engineering company in the world, is the recognized leader in providing wireless voice and data turn-key services to the telecommunications industry. Our service offerings include network services, business consulting, tools-based solutions and training through the world-renowned Wireless Institute.
Our company has worked with all major access technologies (including UMTS, EV-DO, HSDPA and WiMAX) and participated in the success of some of the most sophisticated wireless systems in the world. We bring local knowledge and global capabilities to our customers, offering innovative solutions, insight into cutting-edge developments and delivering solutions that increase business efficiencies.
We are currently looking for an IBS DAS Design Engineer with the following background:
Description of responsibilities:
•	Responsible for
maintaining
good relationship with Customers and Project team
•	Responsible to, or, participating in IBS technical solution discussion; planning, quotation, plan delivery, and implementation
•	Coordinate for customer clarification and negotiation meeting.
•	Monitor project progress, quality of implementation and documentation
•	Assure profitability and deliverability of Project
•	Responsible to success of project execution, satisfaction of customers, and meeting target
Skills
Experience & skills required:
•	 1- 2 years of experience
•	Skills:- IBS DAS distribution antenna system
/ PIM Testing / VSWR /TI and CW IBS , PPT report & communication
•	Tools:-Site master ,PIM test ,IBS components ,Computer
& Camera
Education desired:
BSEE or in a similar field
This job is posted in the following Specialties:
Education
Engineering
Job Details
Job Location:
Dubai, United Arab Emirates
Company Industry:
Telecommunications
Company Type:
Employer (Private Sector)
Job Role:
Engineering
Joining Date:
2014-05-12
Employment Status:
Full time
Employment Type:
Employee
Monthly Salary Range:
Unspecified
Manages Others:
No
Number of Vacancies:
6
Preferred Candidate
Career Level:
Mid Career
Years of Experience:
Min: 1
Residence Location:
Unspecified
Gender:
Unspecified
Nationality:
Unspecified
Degree:
Bachelor's degree / higher diploma
About This Company
Lightbridge Communications Corporation (LCC), the largest independent telecom services company in the world with local presence in over 40 countries, is a recognized leader in providing advanced wireless and wire-line network services and solutions to Government, Enterprise and the Telecommunications industry. Proudly providing telecom expertise since 1983, LCC continues to be the thought leader in advanced engineering services and remains committed to offering innovative solutions; insight into cutting-edge developments and delivering advanced networking services to our clients. LCC is unique in its ability to offer local knowledge and global capabilities to its broad customer base of Telecom Operators, Enterprise and Government entities.
With over 4000+ employees worldwide, come and enjoy a corporate culture that offers a competitive salary structure, encourages employee growth and thrives on its dynamic environment.
Date Posted: 2014/05/05 15:32:47
Ref. JB3047519
Recommended Courses
Invite Your
Friends to Bayt.com
Find Jobs
About Bayt.com
Bayt.com is the leading job site in the Gulf and Middle East, connecting job seekers with employers looking to hire.
Every day, thousands of new job vacancies are listed on the award-winning platform from the region's top employers.
Company
Quick Links
Follow
© 2000-2014 Bayt.com, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
-
Reproduction of material from any Bayt.com pages without written permission is strictly prohibited.