Location Manager/Operation Manager Job in Dubai - aramanstudio - Bayt.com
OK
Cancel
Loading...
Loading...
Jobs
Jobs
Salaries
People Companies Specialties
- All -
- All -Algeria (12)Bahrain (115)Dubai (1538)Egypt (498)Iraq (77)Jordan (391)Kuwait (740)Lebanon (251)Libya (16)Morocco (12)Oman (96)Pakistan (34)Qatar (1061)Saudi Arabia (2772)Sri Lanka (0)Tunisia (6)UAE (3566)Yemen (3)
Loading...
Menu - []
›
› Job Description
Location Manager/Operation Manager
- ,
Date Posted: 2014/05/05 16:29:46
Ref. JB3047531
Job Description
Location managers are responsible for making all the practical arrangements for film, television or photographic shoots taking place outside the studio. Productions are made in a wide range of places and location managers need to research, identify and organise access to appropriate sites.
As well as arranging and negotiating site use, the role usually includes managing sites throughout the shooting process. This involves working to strict budgetary and time limits and maintaining a high standard of health and safety and security. The demands of organising crews and dealing with a range of people make this an intense and varied role.
Typical work activities
A location manager's role follows a sequence of activities from pre-planning to the completion stages of a production. Tasks that may be carried out include:
assessing and interpreting scripts or story boards to get an understanding of the location required;
meeting with the director and designer to discuss projects and working to their creative vision;
collating ideas and undertaking research using resources such as the internet, specialist location libraries, local and regional film commissions and agencies;
visiting and photographing locations appropriate to budget in order to assess suitability;
making preliminary enquiries regarding access, parking and location use;
liaising with the director to discuss and show ideas and photographs;
collating practical information on potential locations, such as hotels for accommodating the crew and cast, and in the case of photography shoots, often booking the hotel and making travel arrangements;
liaising with key members of the production team to assess visual and technical specifications;
researching locations thoroughly to ensure no disruptive noises or events are likely to occur during the shoot;
negotiating access and drawing up a contract with location owners;
organising permissions for access, for example, with local authorities and the police;
scheduling crew arrival dates and times and keeping all parties informed on site;
ensuring the technical specifications for equipment, power sources and crew accommodation on site are met;
ensuring compliance with health and safety and security requirements and undertaking risk assessments;
distributing maps and directions to locations, often known as movement orders, to ensure all services and crews reach the locations as directly, safely and quickly as possible;
providing all relevant support information to all services and crew;
arranging schedules for the day with the assistant director to ensure continuity;
managing the location on the day and resolving practical or people-related problems as they arise;
supervising location support staff throughout the process;
dealing with members of the public who may intrude upon a shooting location;
ensuring the final clearing up ('the wrap') runs smoothly and thanking site owners.
Skills
Love photography and film making.
Flexible and creative.
An effective location manager is a notorious problem solver.
Have an innate sense of how resolve production issues of all sorts.
Have good people skills which come in extremely handy when having to negotiate the terms of a property usage contract or when there are issues with the production.
Be able to make relationships with local city permit offices the job of a location manager job becomes that much easier.
Develop a variety of skills - this includes management of people and interpersonal skills as well as patience and politeness – anything can happen during a day on set.
Logistics and cost control are crucial, you must always keep a clear head as those around you will be losing theirs at some time during the shoot.
This job is posted in the following Specialties:
Job Details
Job Location:
Dubai, United Arab Emirates
Company Industry:
Advertising; Photography; Arts/Entertainment/and Media
Company Type:
Employer (Private Sector)
Job Role:
Art/Design/Creative
Joining Date:
2014-05-15
Employment Status:
Full time
Employment Type:
Employee
Monthly Salary Range:
$3,000 - $4,000
Manages Others:
Yes
Number of Vacancies:
1
Preferred Candidate
Career Level:
Management
Years of Experience:
Min: 3 Max: 10
Residence Location:
United Arab Emirates
Gender:
Unspecified
Nationality:
Albania; Algeria; Australia; Austria; Bahrain; Belarus; Belgium; Bosnia and Herzegovina; Bulgaria; Canada; Comoros; Croatia (Hrvatska); Czech Republic; Denmark; Djibouti; Egypt; Estonia; Finland; France; Germany; Great Britain (UK); Greece; Hungary; Iceland; Iraq; Ireland; Italy; Jordan; Kosovo; Kuwait; Latvia; Lebanon; Libya; Lithuania; Luxembourg; Macedonia; Mauritania; Moldova; Montenegro; Morocco; Netherlands; New Zealand; Norway; Oman; Palestine; Poland; Portugal; Qatar; Romania; Russian Federation; Saudi Arabia; Serbia; Slovak Republic; Slovenia; Somalia; Spain; Sudan; Sweden; Switzerland; Syria; Tunisia; Ukraine; United Arab Emirates; United Kingdom; United States; Yemen
Degree:
Bachelor's degree / higher diploma
Date Posted: 2014/05/05 16:29:46
Ref. JB3047531
Recommended Courses
Invite Your
Friends to Bayt.com
Find Jobs
About Bayt.com
Bayt.com is the leading job site in the Gulf and Middle East, connecting job seekers with employers looking to hire.
Every day, thousands of new job vacancies are listed on the award-winning platform from the region's top employers.
Company
Quick Links
Follow
© 2000-2014 Bayt.com, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
-
Reproduction of material from any Bayt.com pages without written permission is strictly prohibited.