Supervisor - Room Service - Crowne Plaza Hotel Dubai Festival City with IHG - Crowne Plaza Hotels & Resorts - Middle East & Africa | 10879833
Jobseekers
|
Jobseekers
Supervisor - Room Service - Crowne Plaza Hotel Dubai Festival City
Dubai, AE-DU
0
Full job details
Recruiter
IHG - Crowne Plaza Hotels & Resorts - Middle East & Africa
Posted
05/05/2014 17:27:31
Ref
DUB002546
Location
Dubai, AE-DU
Job Type
Food & Beverage
Sector
Hotel
Job Level
Non-Management
Do you see yourself as a Room Service Supervisor? What's your passion? Whether you're into tennis, shopping or karaoke, at IHG we're interested in YOU. At IHG we employ people who apply the same amount of care and passion to their jobs as they do their hobbies - people who put our guests at the heart of everything they do. And we're looking for more people like this to join our friendly and professional team. At the moment we're looking for a Room Service Supervisor to join our energetic, enthusiastic and passionate team at Crowne Plaza Hotel Dubai Festival City. The InterContinental Hotels Group (IHG) properties in Dubai Festival City consist of three hotel brands and a golf course. These include the luxury brand InterContinental, the superior upscale Crowne Plaza, the lavish long-stay InterContinental Residence Suites and the 18 hole championship Al Badia Golf Club.  In addition to over 1000 bedrooms, the four properties boast a selection of high quality restaurants and bars, an impressive 3,800 square meter Event Centre across two levels, the luxurious Spa InterContinental, state-of -the-art gymnasium facilities and swimming pool facilities. Between the four properties, over 1200 colleagues are committed to maintaining the highest standards of luxury, quality and service which define the company. This role reports to the Room Service Manager and as the Supervisor you will ensure the smooth conduct of the shift through customer focused service delivery and effective staff supervision, promote the desired work culture around the five core values of Trust, Integrity, Respect, One Team and Service of the InterContinental Hotels Group and the brand ethos.             The key responsibilities are: ·         In the absence of a Manager, conducts shift briefings to ensure hotel activities and operational requirements are known·         Endeavour to resolve all complaints during shift and logs all complaints in log book for further follow up·         Supervise cash handling and banking procedures·         Prepare daily banking and cash flow reports·         Establish and instruct staff in cash security procedures·         Deal with irregular payments·         Supervise the maintenance of service equipment·         Monitor standards of guest facilities and services·         Control stock and monitor security procedures·         Assist with menu and wine list creation·         Supervise functions.  Ideally, you'll have some or all of the following qualifications and experience we're looking for: ·         Minimum one year in a similar role in a five star property·         Proficiency in speaking and writing good English.·         Ability to work independently and within a team environment·         Excellent communication skills In return, we'll give you a competitive benefits package including salary, insurance and the opportunity to progress your career with IHG.  You'll have the chance to work with a great team of people.  Most importantly, we'll give you Room to be yourself. So what's your passion? Please apply on-line and tell us how you can bring your individual skills to IHG. To find out more about us or any other jobs with IHG please look at
'
'
'
'
Share this job
Catererglobal.com is a trademark of Totaljobs Group Ltd. © 2013 Copyright and database rights Totaljobs Group Ltd.Powered by .