Emerson Career
Job Details
Language
Arabic
Chinese (simplified)
Czech
Danish
Dutch
English
Flemish
French
German
Greek
Hungarian
Italian
Japanese
Korean
Norwegian
Polish
Portuguese
Russian
Slovakian
Spanish
Swedish
Ukrainian
Romanian
FSA Proposal Engineer
Job ID
EPM-00007426
Country
UAE
State/Province
Dubai
City
Dubai
Publish Start Date
Apr 14 2014
Job Level
Experienced (Non-Manager)
|
Job Description
Overall Purpose of the Role:
Responsible for the development of PSS proposals for the MEA region in response to end-user specification/needs and in supporting Sales with qualifying/clarifying the offer to Customer/End User.  Support Sales activity in the region with proposals, pre-qualification, and expression of interest documents.
Roles and Responsibilities:
·        Plan, coordinate, and develop systems and solutions proposals;
·        Lead proposal kickoff meeting with the pursuit/proposal team to address proposal development logistics. Identify technical bid/no-bid considerations.
·        Oversee the development of the commercial offer, technical solutions and solution narrative. Lead definition of customized solution for the proposal to meet site specific requirements.
·        Coordinate buyouts with the procurement organization.  Identify local partner companies and vendors required to supplement DeltaV core offering including 3rd party suppliers and installation contractors.
·        Coordinate with Operations for the Risk Ranking and participates in the Risk Review.
·        Participate in man-hour estimate reviews.
·        Incorporate contract T&Cs as provided by Sales Managers into the proposal document.
·        Incorporate project execution plan as provided by Project Managers into the proposal document.
·        Ensure sales objectives/strategies are represented accurately and completely in proposals.
·        Support Sales in completing all end-user price schedules according to sales pursuit strategy.
·        Coordinate responses to post-bid clarifications from end-user/customer technical and commercial evaluation.
·        Support Sales organization in the presentation of the offered solution to end-user and consultants.
·        Participate in the Sales to Operations handover.  Support Sales organization in the booking process.
·        Ensure that all proposal development efforts are completed using Project Management Office (PMO) processes and tools
·        Ensure the timely and appropriate generation, collection, dissemination, storage, and disposition of proposal information.
·        Identify and develop best practices for incorporation into Corporate standards.
·        Ability to coordinate more than one proposal effort simultaneously.
·        Any other duties as deemed appropriate by the line manager.
Job Requirements
Education and Qualifications
University/College/Bachelors
Experience
3 - 5 Years Experience
Languages
French and English
Lominger Competencies
Action Oriented, Customer Focus, Functional/Technical Skills, Organizing, Perseverance, Planning, Problem Solving, Drive for Results
Additional Company Information
How to apply:
If you feel that your skills and attributes match the Emerson requirements please apply via the careers pages by completing the online application and uploading an up to date CV
Emerson MEA Selection Process:
The selection process once shortlisting has been completed will involve an initial telephone screening interview followed up, if successful, by a full selection event at one of our regional offices.
Equal Opportunities:
Emerson Middle East & Africa are an equal opportunities employer and hiring decisions will be made regardless of sex, race, religious belief, age, disability or sexual orientation.
Contact Information
We operate a preferred supplier list for recruitment agencies and search firms. This list is reviewed periodically, but we are not currently considering adding any new suppliers - and we're continuing our existing policy of not accepting unsolicited CVs from any recruitment agencies or search firms. We'd also ask that you refrain from routinely contacting HR or our business leaders.
Additional Website Information
www.EmersonProcess.com