Graphics Designer at Confidential company | GNcareers.com
FIND YOUR DREAM JOB
Accounting
Architecture & Design
Arts & Entertainment
Auto Industry
Aviation
Banking & Finance
Beauty, Health & Fitness
Biotechnology & Science
Customer Service
Domestic
Driving
Engineering & Construction
Government & Emiratisation
HR
Hospitality
IT
Insurance
Legal
Logistics
Managerial
Manufacturing & Production
Marketing & PR
Media
Medical
Miscellaneous
Oil & Gas
Purchasing & Procurement
Real Estate & Property Services
Retail & Wholesale
Sales & Business Development
Secretarial
Teaching
Technical & Skilled
Travel
This site requires javascript to be enabled.
[New User? ]
»
Graphics Designer
Confidential company
Date: 05-05-2014
Job Type: Employee
Job Status: Full Time
Categories:
Architecture & Design
Confidential company
Please see Job Details for Apply instructions
Saved!
Job Details
Graphics Designer required, for a Dubai based company with minimum 3 years experience as real time Graphics Designer. Interested candidates with following experience may send their CV with Photo to    hrdxb14@gmail.com
Candidate with a strong understanding of digital and print marketing with an emphasis on customer engagement and brand development across various channels. The candidate shall deliver various digital and print marketing assets including: PRINT: Brochures, in-store collateral, flyers, sell sheets, trade show banners and displays, signage, logos, packaging, presentations, print advertising, and photo editing and other design and production initiatives that support marketing efforts. DIGITAL: Static and animated (gif) web banner ads, digital marketing assets, website content updates, email blasts, posters, and other design and production initiatives that support marketing efforts.
The desired qualities include:
- Must have strong color, design, layout and overall aesthetic skills.
- Capable of developing and adapting concepts across multiple delivery channels.
- Knowledge in creating and producing advertising for print, web and email.
- Experienced with print and web design and production.
- Possess strong verbal and written communications skills with superior Copywriting/proofreading ability.
- Must be proficient with Adobe Creative Suite including InDesign, Photoshop and Illustrator.
- Knowledge of macro-photography, Dreamweaver, HTML5, PHP, JavaScript/Jquery a plus.
- Photo manipulation of digital images (resize, crop, add/remove objects, and color correct.)
- Organized, reliable, detail-oriented and able to follow up on tasks.
- Capable of multitasking, prioritizing, managing time efficiently and meeting deadlines.
- Able to work in a professional, fast-paced team environment and be able to maintain clear communications with external service partners.
View Similar Jobs:
FEATURED JOBS
Company
Career Centre
This Site
© Copyright 2014 Al Nisr Publishing LLC - powered by Gulf News
|
|
|
|