Emerson Career
Job Details
Language
Arabic
Chinese (simplified)
Czech
Danish
Dutch
English
Flemish
French
German
Greek
Hungarian
Italian
Japanese
Korean
Norwegian
Polish
Portuguese
Russian
Slovakian
Spanish
Swedish
Ukrainian
Romanian
Senior Project Engineer - PSS
Job ID
EPM-00006835
Country
UAE
State/Province
Dubai
City
Dubai
Publish Start Date
Feb 23 2014
Job Level
Supervisor / Manager
|
Job Description
Overall Purpose of the Role:
The Senior Project Engineer is a member of the Dubai based Project Management team, which undertakes the design, implementation and factory acceptance test phases of Process Systems and Solutions (PSS) projects.
The Senior Project Engineer is a member of the Project Management team on one or more Projects and shall be responsible for managing the delivery of a portfolio of project related deliverables, utilizing the Emerson Process Management global resources and standards; each deliverable having a requisite quality standard, budget and schedule.
The Senior Project Engineer shall fully support the overall business growth objectives by utilizing their skills and experience to support the sales and proposals team in the pursuit of new business opportunities.
Roles and Responsibilities
Customer Relations – be the primary contact for all matters relating to the scope and Engineering of all allocated projects and by working closely with the Project Manager ensure that each customer’s expectations are fully understood, managed and achieved.
Project Execution – take ownership of the project activities on all allocated projects and proactively utilise methodologies, resources and techniques for minimising the execution cost, whilst maintaining the requisite schedule and quality standard.
Project Management – actively contribute to the development of a realistic and achievable project schedule and provide the Project Manager with all necessary support and information to ensure that they are fully informed of resource requirements, progress and areas of risk.
Communications – ensure that all the project team members, inclusive of any third parties, are provided with all necessary and relevant information - details of scope, schedule, technical specifications and quality standards – to effectively deliver their allotted work.
Procurement – provide the Project Manager with the procurement list, including detailed specifications for any sub-contracted works and services where relevant, along with required delivery dates.
Scope control – fully understand the scope of work for each project with their portfolio, ensure that it is delivered to the requisite quality, budget and schedule and that the relevant Project Manager is fully informed, at the earliest opportunity, of any customer initiated changes in scope.
Quality control – ensure that all Engineering activities are undertaken in accordance with the Company’s quality control processes and that the relevant standard is achieved
Team building - create an inclusive and supportive environment for all personnel within the project team and actively support team members in achieving any personal development objectives that may have been set for the project.
Proposals/sales support – actively contribute to any assigned bid activities to ensure that the customer’s requirements are fully understood and that innovative and cost effective solutions are proposed.
Suppliers – take overall responsibility for the management of the other parties – product vendors, sub-contractors, other Emerson teams and third parties undertaking work on behalf of a customer -  that are providing products and services associated with the Senior Lead Engineer’s portfolio of projects.
Internal knowledge transfer – actively share knowledge and experience with the MEA Engineering team and the wider organization.
Other Duties – Perform other additional specific duties, when requested by the business. These will, typically, be strategic in nature but could potentially be anything that the post holder is suitably qualified and experienced to undertake. As these duties are unspecified they:
-are not mandatory;
-will be subject to acceptance by the post holder;
-will be specified in a formal assignment letter.
Job Requirements
Education and Qualifications
·      University/College/Bachelors, Professional - Engineering/CA/ICWA/MBA
Experience
·      10 - 12 Years Experience
Languages
·      English (Arabic desirable)
Lominger Competencies
·      Action Oriented, Boss Relationships, Composure, Listening, Intellectual Horsepower, Functional/Technical Skills, Peer Relationships, Priority Setting, Problem Solving, Time Management, Written Communications
Additional Company Information
How to apply:
If you feel that your skills and attributes match the Emerson requirements please apply via the careers pages by completing the online application and uploading an up to date CV.
Emerson MEA Selection Process:
The selection process once shortlisting has been completed will involve an initial telephone screening interview followed up, if successful, by a full selection event at one of our regional offices.
Equal Opportunities:
Emerson Middle East & Africa are an equal opportunities employer and hiring decisions will be made regardless of sex, race, religious belief, age, disability or sexual orientation.
Contact Information
We operate a preferred supplier list for recruitment agencies and search firms. This list is reviewed periodically, but we are not currently considering adding any new suppliers - and we're continuing our existing policy of not accepting unsolicited CVs from any recruitment agencies or search firms. We'd also ask that you refrain from routinely contacting HR or our business leaders.
Additional Website Information