Require Home Tutions Classes 1-10 - Karachi - PakProBiz.com - 46142
Require Home Tutions Classes 1-10 - Karachi
Education / Training Jobs in Karachi
>
>>>
PRIVATE AD
Require Home Tutions Classes 1-10
Job Offer: Education / Training JobsLocal area: Karachi
I am offering my services as a tutor of 1 to10 classes accounting and b. maths/statistics to
B. Com students at your doorstep.
Can Contact
0347-2011049
Share:
Advertiser:Masood Khan
Location:
Karachi, Sindh, Pakistan
List ID:44433
Update:Sunday, 4 May 2014
Phone:03472011049 (Mention PakProBiz)
Shop safely! Read some tips .
You may also be interested in other 'Education / Training Jobs' ads:
We are working as an institute (group of professional teachers). our aim is to provide quality education to your child.
We are hiring professional teachers for different standards (from school to college)
Candidate must have at least 1 year experience in teaching before applying for the said position.
Toba Tek Singh
Punjab
Home Maths Teacher in Karachi, 923323343253, teachers, tutor,
expert alevel maths teachers, Home Maths Teachers in
Karachi, Expert Maths teachers in Karachi, Alevel maths
teachers, alevel maths expert tutors.
. Mr. Khan 923323343253.
http://alsaudiacc. blogspot. com,
http://hometuitionsinkarachi. over-blog. com http://bestonlinetutors. wordpress. com/ Or add skype id: ascc576
Karachi
Sindh
Home Tutor Karachi, O Level, A level, tutor , teacher ,
GCSE, Chemistry, Physics, Maths, Accounting, Statistics,
Business Studies, Karachi Lahore tutor service, tutor
services, Karachi, business studies a levels private tutor in
defence, A home teacher in Karachi, tutor, tuition O level,
Chemistry, Physics, Maths, Accounting, Statistics.
home, tuition, Pakistan, Karachi, centre, center,
tutor, private, tutoring, teacher, uru. Tutor Maths, Physics,
Economics.
http://alsaudiacc. blogspot. com,
http://hometuitionsinkarachi. over-blog. com http://bestonlinetuto...
Karachi
Sindh
We have required English teacher for class 5th to class 7th.
Only those people are apply who are interested in teaching
Company Name: Tameer-e-Millat High School Hangu
Position Type: Full-time
Experience: 2 - 3
Salary Range: Rs 5, 000 - Rs 7, 000 Monthly
Type: Teachers
Hangu
Khyber Pakhtunkhwa
The citizen Foundation required Females Teachers and Principals.
The citizen Foundation A well reputed Non Profit Educational Organization of the pakistan.
Organization needs candidates in over all different areas of karachi for its Educational schools North karachi, New Karachi, Nazimabad, North Nazimabad, Garden, Liaquatabad, FB Area, New Sabzi Mandi, Golimar, Khuda ki Basti, Taiser Town, Gulshan-e-Muammar, Sarjani Town, Nagan Chowrangi, Shahnawaz Colony, Ibrahim Goth. Kyamari, Maripur, Lyari, Agra taj colony, Hocks bay, Sultan abad, Bahria Naval society, Machar colony, Musharraf col...
Rs.20,000
Karachi
Sindh
© 2014 PakProBiz.com - Pakistan Online Marketplace
PakProBiz.com works best with JavaScript enabled