Dispatcher Job in Riyadh - Souq Group - Bayt.com
OK
Cancel
Loading...
Loading...
Jobs
Jobs
Salaries
People Companies Specialties
- All -
- All -Algeria (12)Bahrain (115)Dubai (1538)Egypt (497)Iraq (81)Jordan (391)Kuwait (740)Lebanon (250)Libya (16)Morocco (12)Oman (96)Pakistan (34)Qatar (1061)Saudi Arabia (2775)Sri Lanka (64)Tunisia (6)UAE (3584)Yemen (3)
Loading...
Menu - []
›
› Job Description
Dispatcher
- ,
Date Posted: 2014/05/05 13:19:55
Ref. JB3047484
Job Description
To schedule and dispatch products according to customer specification to delivery points.
To ensure delivery orders are met within set timelines and in original condition.
• Schedule and dispatch products to appropriate locations according to customer requests, specifications, or needs, using available resources.
• Relay customer orders, messages, and information to or from sales team and/or supervisors through phone/reports
• Confer with customers or supervising personnel in order to address questions, problems, and requests for service or product delivery.
• Prepare daily work and run schedules.
• Receive or prepare delivery orders.
• Oversee all communications within specifically assigned territories.
• Monitor delivery locations and time utilization in order to coordinate service and schedules.
• Record and maintain files and records of customer requests, work or services performed, charges, expenses, inventory, and other dispatch information.
• Advise sales staff or supervisor about traffic problems such as construction areas, accidents, congestion and other hazards.
• Ensure timely and efficient movement of delivery items according to order time and schedules.
• Order supplies and packing material and issue them to concerned staff.
Skills
• High School or equivalent
• Minimum of 2-3 years experience in goods delivery or courier services
• Previous
experience in preparing delivery schedules and reports.
• Friendly/Customer oriented
• Good listener
• Clear Communicator
• Proactive
• Self-motivated
Job Details
Job Location:
Riyadh, Saudi Arabia
Company Industry:
Internet/E-commerce
Company Type:
Employer (Private Sector)
Job Role:
Logistics
Joining Date:
Unspecified
Employment Status:
Full time
Employment Type:
Employee
Monthly Salary Range:
Unspecified
Manages Others:
Unspecified
Number of Vacancies:
1
Preferred Candidate
Career Level:
Mid Career
Years of Experience:
Min: 2 Max: 3
Residence Location:
Riyadh,Saudi Arabia
Gender:
Male
Degree:
Unspecified
About This Company
Souq.com is the largest e-commerce site in the Arab world, featuring more than 200,000 products across categories such as consumer electronics, fashion, household goods, watches or perfumes. Today Souq.com attracts over 8 million visits per month and is fast growing as more consumers shop online in the Arab world.Often tagged as the "Amazon of the Middle East", Souq.com operates both as a retail site and as a marketplace for third party sellers. It offers a convenient and safe online shopping experience with online payments, option to pay cash on delivery and free returns.Established in 2005, Souq.com pioneered online shopping in the region as an auction site linked to the Arab internet portal Maktoob. When Yahoo! acquired Maktoob in August 2009, Souq.com was not included in the sale and was spun off as part of Jabbar Internet Group. The site then switched to a marketplace with a fixed price model in early 2011, and then launched its retail division late 2011.Headquartered in Dubai, UAE, Souq.com caters to the needs of local markets with commercial offices in Egypt, Kingdom of Saudi Arabia and Kuwait, and a technical and development center in Jordan.
Date Posted: 2014/05/05 13:19:55
Ref. JB3047484
Recommended Courses
Invite Your
Friends to Bayt.com
Find Jobs
About Bayt.com
Bayt.com is the leading job site in the Gulf and Middle East, connecting job seekers with employers looking to hire.
Every day, thousands of new job vacancies are listed on the award-winning platform from the region's top employers.
Company
Quick Links
Follow
© 2000-2014 Bayt.com, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
-
Reproduction of material from any Bayt.com pages without written permission is strictly prohibited.