IST Networks - Pre Sales Engineer ,
Dubai
Check your inbox to know about employers who showed interest in your profileSee the names of companies who view your resume, Consider your resume and Contacted with you.Seeker Services Learning Center About XpressResume+Put Your Career in Gear with Monster Career Services. We have got: to help you knock out the competition by showcasing your most marketable skills and strengths with a strategically written resume. to let you determine your personality, career & areas of improvement.
Career Advice Stand out from the job searching crowd with a unique combination of skills, experience, attributes and career advice from Monster. Monster helps you formulate better career decisions by offering numerous career tips for a successful job interview, resume creation, salary and much more.In addition, we have recently introduced interesting and informative sections like
and
to help you stay in step with job trends and accelerate your self-learning.
Job Summary
Company Name
IST Networks
Locations
Dubai
Nationality
Armenia, Azerbaijan, Belarus, Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzst...
Experience
2 - 8 years
Keywords / Skills
Pre sales, ip telephony, data center, call center management, voip, cisco, avaya, huwawei
Education
Bachelor's Degree
Function
• IT • Sales/ Business Development
Role
• Systems Engineer • Presales Consultant • Other Sales
Industry
Telecom
Posted On
5th May 2014
Share this job
Rate this job
Pre Sales Engineer
IST Networks
Share this job
Apply
Job Description
·
Understand and analyze customer contact
center requirements. ·
Develop a solid contact center design from a
set of customer business requirements. ·
Develop and prepare all bid & proposal
activities. ·
Prepare and delivering technical and
executive presentations for customers and prospects. ·
Partner & collaborate with the sales team
to ensure proper solution positioning, design and pricing for customers. ·
Assume Subject Matter Expert role supporting
the Cisco IPCC product line for company in region. ·
Driving and/or Assist with the development of
formal sales plans and proposals for assigned opportunities ·
Assist in delivery of training sessions to
the direct sales teams and Contact Center solution personnel via knowledge
share and experience to enhance the technical capabilities ·
Age from 26 to 33 years ·
Experience from 2 – 8 years experience   Benefits: ·
Transportation Allowance ·
Accommodation Allowance ·
Schooling Allowance ·
Air Tickets for the wife and kids ·
medical insurance for the employee, and his
wife and 3 kids ·
Working days are from Saturday to Wednesday,
and Thursday and Friday are weekly holidays ·
Total of 22 working days each year for the
employee as annual vacation.
Key Skill(s)
About Company IST is a system integration and a Cisco Advance Technology Provider (ATP) for contact center solutions. IST has been established in Saudi Arabia in 2004, and since then has expanded and established offices in Australia, UAE, Egypt, Jordan and India. We are proud to have deployed or operate over 40% of the contact center industry in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia. Worldwide, IST contact centers handle over 4 million calls per day which equates to approximately 120 million per month or 1.5+ billion interactions per year. Today we have 150+ employees, with approximately 100+ engineers, developers, and technicians – an unparalleled figure in our industry. In fact, there are more than double Cisco contact center experts within IST compared to any of our competitors. IST has been researching and building complex contact center solutions for almost 10 years. Our experience comes from within with continual new knowledge from staff who come from leading IT organizations and commercial companies which host large contact centers.Whilst many companies claim to be innovative, we at IST daily demonstrate our innovation through continual research and development of contact center technologies. Over the past 6 years alone we have developed over 8 major contact center applications to increase the profitability and efficiency of organizations we work with. And this is what drives us – continually developing new solutions that will make life easier for our clients and their customers. Without long-term goals and investigations companies grow complacent and stale. IST is very aware of this potential trap and we are continually researching new technologies for our customers’ benefit. Our vision encompasses growth in terms of offices, employees and the technologies we can offer to improve customer satisfaction and revenue growth. Our aim is to grow and expand into new areas without losing the essence of our customer centric focus. Concentrating on this goal we will keep our identity and central motivation to be one of the top 10 contact center integrators worldwide.
Apply Without Registration
For Jobs Seekers
Jobs By Functions
Jobs By Location
About Our Site
© 2012 Monster - All Rights Reserved - U.S. Patent No. 5,832,497 - NYSE:
Toll Free No.: 8000177030, Toll No.: +91 40 6611 6993 / +91 40 3057 6993, Email ID: