Marketing Assistant Job in Dubai - Givaudan Suisse SA (Dubai Branch) - Bayt.com
OK
Cancel
Loading...
Loading...
Jobs
Jobs
Salaries
People Companies Specialties
- All -
- All -Algeria (13)Bahrain (113)Dubai (1485)Egypt (477)Iraq (75)Jordan (370)Kuwait (761)Lebanon (245)Libya (16)Morocco (12)Oman (95)Pakistan (34)Qatar (1038)Saudi Arabia (2709)Sri Lanka (0)Tunisia (6)UAE (3506)Yemen (3)
Loading...
Menu - []
›
› Job Description
Marketing Assistant
- ,
Date Posted: 2014/05/05 07:43:16
Ref. JB3045057
Job Description
Reports to: Marketing & Market Research Manager
Overall objective: The Marketing Assistant would be responsible to manage allocated tasks and responsibilities associated with this role and assist the marketing manager in marketing related tasks. The person will be involved in all categories, Fabric Care, Home Care, Personal Care and Fine Fragrances, within the Sub Saharan African countries. The role will offer support and update market reviews and presentations. The person will manage the global online product database, administer all in coming and outgoing products, arrange for product evaluations and document all product information. Administer, organise and manage the product and image library. Monitor and track advertising and promotional press on consumer products. Offer graphic design support to the region in assisting with conceptual product and pack designs.
Main Responsibilities
1. Category Knowledge, Market Overviews & Trends
- Update all existing Market Overviews on a regular basis. Analyse the trends. Include info on brand strategy, advertising and PR support. Prepare new, update or amend Market Overview presentations to reflect the country’s specific category.
- Identify international and local consumer trends that would be relevant to our region and client.
2. Advertising and Press tracking
- Read the main magazines (Cosmopolitan, Elle, etc…) on a monthly basis, track all relevant advertising (Fine Fragrance and Consumer Products) and articles and document it.
- Based on the selected ads and articles, prepare a monthly newsletter to circulate internally.
3. Graphic Design support
- Develop conceptual packaging designs on key projects. Develop Posters and Image boards
on key projects
- Provide graphic design support to the evaluation team (creation submission backgrounds).
4. Product management
- Track all products purchased or received & manage products requests, track products until it’s reached its destination
- Products received to be documented in the necessary product databases
- Ensure that all key products are being replaced on a yearly basis in the product library.
- Pro-actively manage the sales teams product requests from their countries, ensure that all new products are updated on the databases and shared with the team
- Update the Shopping list on a weekly basis to ensure that the needed and requested products are being purchased, on top of any key new products
- Manage new product wins document and create new wins presentation for the Sub Saharan African region.
5. Evaluation session management
- Keep track of the list of products that needs to be evaluated/ analysed
- Recommend the list of products to be evaluated for each weekly evaluation session, taken into account the level of priority, and discuss it with the Marketing Manager
- Prepare the olfactive evaluation spreadsheet with the list of all products to evaluate as well as all needed olfactive information and circulate it prior to the evaluation.
- Prepare all needed samples (new and old when relevant) and material (cups, spoons, jar with warm water, etc) prior to each evaluation and tidy everything after the session.
6. Global online product database management (all Consumer product categories)
- Create new product entries and update existing entries to reflect the market and olfactive profiles within one week of the evaluation session.
- Manage the monthly cleaning process, ensuring that all categories are “cleaned” once a year
- Manage the monthly highlights for Consumer Products: check the report for Sub Saharan Africa region prior to the date of publication, circulate all reports internally once published.
- Be the expert in global online product database process: master all options offered by the system.
Skills
Personal Skills Candidate Profile:
The ideal candidate will have a keen interest in consumer products, identifying and tracking local and international product trends and track the latest product launches.
Strong Organisational skills and attention to detail
The ability to work under pressure, unsupervised and to meet deadlines
Self-motivated, proactive and take pride in their work and quality of work.
Enthusiastic and willingness to learn and share knowledge
Multitasking is key
Computer Skills Required:
Microsoft Word, Excel, Powerpoint
Photoshop, Illustrator, Coraldraw
Qualification and Experience:
At least a 3 year Bachelor’s degree in Marketing/ Consumer Science or related qualification at a recognized tertiary institution.
Preferably – 1 – 3
year work experience.
Education
Marketing/ Consumer Science
Job Details
Job Location:
Dubai, United Arab Emirates
Company Industry:
Retail/Wholesale
Company Type:
Employer (Private Sector)
Job Role:
Marketing/PR
Joining Date:
Unspecified
Employment Status:
Unspecified
Employment Type:
Unspecified
Monthly Salary Range:
Unspecified
Manages Others:
Unspecified
Number of Vacancies:
1
Preferred Candidate
Career Level:
Mid Career
Years of Experience:
Min: 1 Max: 3
Residence Location:
Unspecified
Gender:
Unspecified
Nationality:
Unspecified
Degree:
Bachelor's degree / higher diploma
Date Posted: 2014/05/05 07:43:16
Ref. JB3045057
Similar Jobs
Confidential Company - ,
Confidential Company - ,
Confidential Company - ,
Recommended Courses
Invite Your
Friends to Bayt.com
Find Jobs
About Bayt.com
Bayt.com is the leading job site in the Gulf and Middle East, connecting job seekers with employers looking to hire.
Every day, thousands of new job vacancies are listed on the award-winning platform from the region's top employers.
Company
Quick Links
Follow
© 2000-2014 Bayt.com, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
-
Reproduction of material from any Bayt.com pages without written permission is strictly prohibited.