Operations safety Lead Job in Japan - Flex-i Partners - Bayt.com
OK
Cancel
Loading...
Loading...
Jobs
Jobs
Salaries
People Companies Specialties
- All -
- All -Algeria (12)Bahrain (115)Dubai (1538)Egypt (497)Iraq (81)Jordan (391)Kuwait (740)Lebanon (250)Libya (16)Morocco (12)Oman (96)Pakistan (34)Qatar (1061)Saudi Arabia (2775)Sri Lanka (64)Tunisia (6)UAE (3584)Yemen (3)
Loading...
Menu - []
›
› Job Description
Operations safety Lead
-
Date Posted: 2014/05/05 10:32:46
Ref. JB3047423
Job Description
Set standards, define processes and provide guidance and for all operational safety matters. Support compliance assurance
in all operational
activities with the HSE Management System(HSEMS), legal obligations, applicable codes & standards and industry best practices.
Assure that major hazards in the area of operational safety are properly identified, evaluated, assessed and managed.
Develop standards in accordance with relevant statutory and corporate requirements for both operator and non-operator projects.
Develop standards in accordance with relevatn statutory and corporate requirements for operator & non operator projects.
Development and Implementation of HSEMS related to Health and Safety matters.
Development and delivering HSE training materials and implementation of HSE Training course .
Development of Corporate HSE Programmes and its implementation.
Skills
Engineering degree (essential) & Lead Auditor (desired).
Expats with minimum 15 years Oil & Gas Experience in Operational
safety roles is mandatory.
Strong working knowledge of operational requirements in E&P; (Exploration & Production) and upstream
project is mandatory.
Ability to develop corporate HSE programs
for implementation
in the project.
Familiarity with relevant international standards and
prevailing regulatory framework is essential .
Job Details
Job Location:
Japan
Company Industry:
Oil/Gas
Company Type:
Employer (Private Sector)
Job Role:
Safety
Joining Date:
Unspecified
Employment Status:
Full time
Employment Type:
Employee
Monthly Salary Range:
Unspecified
Manages Others:
Unspecified
Number of Vacancies:
1
Preferred Candidate
Career Level:
Mid Career
Years of Experience:
Min: 15 Max: 20
Residence Location:
Algeria; Australia; Bahrain; Canada; Comoros; Djibouti; Egypt; Great Britain (UK); Iraq; Ireland; Jordan; Kuwait; Lebanon; Libya; Mauritania; Morocco; New Zealand; Oman; Palestine; Qatar; Saudi Arabia; Somalia; Sudan; Syria; Tunisia; United Arab Emirates; United Kingdom; United States; Yemen
Gender:
Male
Nationality:
Albania; Algeria; Australia; Austria; Bahrain; Belarus; Belgium; Bosnia and Herzegovina; Bulgaria; Canada; Comoros; Croatia (Hrvatska); Czech Republic; Denmark; Djibouti; Egypt; Estonia; Finland; France; Germany; Great Britain (UK); Greece; Hungary; Iceland; Iraq; Ireland; Italy; Jordan; Kosovo; Kuwait; Latvia; Lebanon; Libya; Lithuania; Luxembourg; Macedonia; Mauritania; Moldova; Montenegro; Morocco; Netherlands; New Zealand; Norway; Oman; Palestine; Poland; Portugal; Qatar; Romania; Russian Federation; Saudi Arabia; Serbia; Slovak Republic; Slovenia; Somalia; Spain; Sudan; Sweden; Switzerland; Syria; Tunisia; Ukraine; United Arab Emirates; United Kingdom; United States; Yemen
Degree:
Bachelor's degree / higher diploma
Date Posted: 2014/05/05 10:32:46
Ref. JB3047423
Similar Jobs
Recommended Courses
Invite Your
Friends to Bayt.com
Find Jobs
About Bayt.com
Bayt.com is the leading job site in the Gulf and Middle East, connecting job seekers with employers looking to hire.
Every day, thousands of new job vacancies are listed on the award-winning platform from the region's top employers.
Company
Quick Links
Follow
© 2000-2014 Bayt.com, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
-
Reproduction of material from any Bayt.com pages without written permission is strictly prohibited.