Senior Clerk-Admiting & CSE/Hospital Job in Doha - BPO+ - Bayt.com
OK
Cancel
Loading...
Loading...
Jobs
Jobs
Salaries
People Companies Specialties
- All -
- All -Algeria (12)Bahrain (115)Dubai (1538)Egypt (497)Iraq (81)Jordan (391)Kuwait (740)Lebanon (250)Libya (16)Morocco (12)Oman (96)Pakistan (34)Qatar (1061)Saudi Arabia (2775)Sri Lanka (64)Tunisia (6)UAE (3584)Yemen (3)
Loading...
Menu - []
›
› Job Description
Senior Clerk-Admiting & CSE/Hospital
- ,
Date Posted: 2014/05/05 10:20:31
Ref. JB3047419
Job Description
Admitting clerks work on the front lines of the hospital and medical profession, and are often the first person people see when coming in for treatment. Admitting clerks greet clients, gather their personal information, insurance, symptoms, and tells the medical staff about the client and their severity of their condition.
Admitting clerks are customer facing, but must also understand the world of medicine. They must know how to handle patients, doctors, nurses, and as well as health insurance processing and hospital policies. There is plenty of paperwork created in the health care field, and it starts with admitting clerks.
Skills
Customer-Service Skills: A successful admitting clerk will be friendly, organized and knowledgeable about the health care procedure.
Computer Skills: Admitting clerks will need to process insurance information and medical records, use the phone system, and possibly learn industry specific software.
Communication Skills: Listening to customers and hospital staff, speaking in a clear and friendly way over the phone and face-to-face are essential skills.
Organization: Admitting clerks need to stay organized as each client or customer that is admitted creates a paper trail that needs to to be in order
Education
any graduate
Job Details
Job Location:
Doha, Qatar
Company Industry:
Healthcare, Practitioner and Technician
Company Type:
Employer (Private Sector)
Job Role:
Healthcare/Medical
Joining Date:
2014-05-15
Employment Status:
Unspecified
Employment Type:
Unspecified
Monthly Salary Range:
$1,000 - $2,000
Manages Others:
No
Number of Vacancies:
1
Preferred Candidate
Career Level:
Entry Level
Years of Experience:
Min: 1 Max: 5
Residence Location:
Unspecified
Gender:
Unspecified
Nationality:
Unspecified
Degree:
High school or equivalent
About This Company
Leader for Contact Center, BPO and IT services from the Gulf Countries. BPO+, a collaborated entity of two distinctly varied professional corporations, is a leading provider of State of the Art Contact Center and BPO services and IT services from the Gulf Countries. Through a combination of experience, people, latest technologies, domain expertise and rigorous quality processes, the company helps clients improve operations, quality and efficiency, while lowering costs by outsourcing. BPO+ has established a leadership position in the Customer Service segment while expanding our services across industry verticals. Managing and exceeding customer expectations by providing services while reining in costs is a real challenge for companies worldwide. BPO+ offers customized and comprehensive customer care solutions to the Telecommunications, Banking and Financial Services, and Media Industries.
Date Posted: 2014/05/05 10:20:31
Ref. JB3047419
Recommended Courses
Invite Your
Friends to Bayt.com
Find Jobs
About Bayt.com
Bayt.com is the leading job site in the Gulf and Middle East, connecting job seekers with employers looking to hire.
Every day, thousands of new job vacancies are listed on the award-winning platform from the region's top employers.
Company
Quick Links
Follow
© 2000-2014 Bayt.com, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
-
Reproduction of material from any Bayt.com pages without written permission is strictly prohibited.