Wealth Manager - Dubai Job in Dubai - Jobsite
Let us do the hard work for you and take the hassle out of job hunting.
Upload your CV and let recruiters find you
Get personalised Jobs-by-Email alerts
.
Get Started!
Enter your email address
Wealth Manager - Dubai
Job Type:Permanent
Location:Dubai, Liverpool, Manchester, Glasgow, Edinburgh, Newcastle Upon Tyne, Sunderland, Nottingham, Leicestershire, Sheffield, Birmingham, Coventry, Bristol, London, Essex, Brighton, Leeds, Norwich, Dublin, Southampton
Salary:ŁCompetitive
Start Date:ASAP
Duration:
Reference:270113-DVP2
Wealth Manager - DubaiAre you looking to earn +Ł100,000 tax free in your first year in the business?Are you a sales professional, ambitious and money hungry?If the answer is yes then this job is for you!The deVere Group are dedicated to providing clients with the very best financial planning and advice wherever they are in the world. With offices in over 70 countries serving over 70,000 global clients, the deVere Group is the world's largest independent financial consultancy. We need international financial advisers to help expand the number 1 top performing office globally.The top advisor in Dubai and is on track to earn Ł500,000 this year tax free!This is a very real opportunity to change your life forever.As a wealth manager, your role will be to work closely with clients in their medium to long term personal financial planning. In this direct sales role you will speak to potential clients in Dubai and give the guidance they need to realise their personal financial goals. This will involve effective and assured communication skills, information gathering, and consultative sales / direct experience.We will provide you with:* Full training and development to achieve international financial adviser qualifications (CISI)* Access to exclusive market leading products from the top fund houses* Defined career path within the company* On-going support and training with your chosen office* Great Tax free location* VisaIn return we are looking for:* Direct sales experience * Success and target driven individuals * Mature individual 27 years and above* Excellent communication skills * Eagerness to further or build a career in the financial services industry * Ability to adapt to a fast-paced environment * Hard working and motivated individuals* Experience within financial services is a bonus but not a prerequisite.You will receive training in products and services before you arrive in your chosen location and will be provided with ongoing training and support once you arrive.
Please Note
There is no need to provide bank account details or payment to any person or organisation when applying for a job.
If you have any concerns about this job then please .
This vacancy was placed on
05 May 2014 by
I-Expatriate FZ Llc
950082878
Copyright Evenbase Recruitment Ltd, All rights reserved
Jobsite is an Evenbase brand and part of