Guest Service Agent - Female with Holiday Inn Dubai - Al Barsha | 10879684
Jobseekers
|
Jobseekers
Guest Service Agent - Female
Recruiter
Holiday Inn Dubai - Al Barsha
Posted
05 May 2014
Closes
02 June 2014
Ref
GSA-MAY5-28
Location
Dubai
Job Type
,
Sector
Job Level
Salary
Undisclosed
Further information
Job Overview
Registers guests into the hotel, ensuring all relevant details are obtained on the registration card while adhering to the hotel’s credit policy and such details are recorded in the hotel’s computer system (Opera).
Advises Shift Leader, Guest Relations, Front Office Manager and Duty Managers of arriving VIP and Priority Club Reward Member(s).
Controls guest room moves to ensure all departments are notified using the correct forms.
Handles incoming messages, parcels and all form of communications for guests in coordination with the Bell Desk and maintains an all records accurately.
In the absence of the Shift Leader, Guest Relations’ staff or Bell Captain, handles all form of airline ticket transactions and advices guest accordingly.
Maintains guest accounts and charge records efficiently and accurately, back-ups/logs are cleared on a daily basis.
Attends to guest queries and complaints in as far as he/she is capable, if required, refers them to the Shift Leader on duty, Front Office Manager or his/her designated deputy, or Duty Manager.
Checks correspondence and guest histories of all arrivals for the day.
Controls daily departures allowing for smooth check-out for all departures according to hotel and IHG standards and procedures.
Maintains control of guest room keys.
Solicits Priority Club Reward Membership while maintaining a rapport with current members.
Maintains Reservations Office procedure when Reservations Office is closed.
Prints registration cards for all arriving guests together with all its correspondence.
Maintains a cash float for use with guest payment of accounts and foreign currency exchange.
Makes sure all departure with account to company have supporting documents attached.
Solicits Guest Satisfaction Surveys and pass them onto the Guest Relations Manager or the Duty Manager.
Remains up to date with all rates, packages and promotions being offered by the hotel.
Be up to date with all F& B activities, themed evenings, entertainment and costs, opening times and promotions for both the hotel and Intercontinental Hotels Group.
Reads, initials and appropriately files all incoming memos, promotional materials and reports.
Promotes and maintain good public relations while endeavoring to maximize on occupancy and average room rate.
Carries out a weekly inventory of office supplies and prepares a requisition for approval to have an adequate stock.
Promotes and arrange airport transfers, car hire and tours with hotel limousines as and when requested.
Prepares guest room keys, welcome booklet, registration card, welcome letter for all individual as well as group arrivals for the day.
Audits cashier duties on a daily basis, solving all discrepancies related to Reception / Cashier, reported from Accounts Department.
Remains aware of the hotel's budgeted occupancy and average room rate and revenue per available room
Reviews and helps the Shift Leader to plan for the day's current status of arrivals, departures, discrepant rooms and the projected day's occupancy.
Executes and resolve room discrepancies periodically during shift.
Receives and records reservations for hotel outlets and forward them to concerned outlet.
Offers luggage assistance upon check-out and request guest comments, if any, about their stay.
Maintains Reception Log book for detailed handover.
Ensures Cold Towels and all welcome kit pack are prepared for all arrivals of the day.
Assists the Shift Leader, Guest Relations staff and Duty Manager in escorts of all arrivals.
Assist Shift Leader(s) to determine work schedule to cover the shifts according to the occupancy of the hotel. Helps ensure efficient work force during emergency leave that all shifts are covered.
Holiday Inn Dubai - Al Barsha
It is our people, who make the difference and provide genuinely caring service to our guests, and why our guests keep returning to Holiday Inn Dubai – Al Barsha
Share this job
Options
More jobs like this
People who applied for this job also applied for
Competitive salary
Competitive
Competitive
Catererglobal.com is a trademark of Totaljobs Group Ltd. © 2013 Copyright and database rights Totaljobs Group Ltd.Powered by .