GulfTalent.com
Biomedical Consultant
NSI & Bluefin Talent
Dubai, UAE
Posted on: 5 May 2014
THE ROLE
Expand all
1.Provide technical assistance and instruction to healthcare personnel in the maintenance and operation of equipment; recommend the purchase or acquisition of biomedical equipment or related accessories; advise manager of equipment deficiencies as required.
2. Provide a systematic preventive maintenance program for complex integrated medical equipment systems; provide engineering and technical counsel to ensure compliance with regulatory standards; maintain preventive maintenance records and prepare reports as required.
3. Perform corrective maintenance {modification, updating and repair} on all types of medical equipment on a by-request basis, including complex specialty biomed and imaging equipment and systems.
4. Maintain professional development through attending biomedical service contractor seminars and workshops for new equipment training; assist in the training of new employees and contributes to the performance review of lower level employees.
5. Coordinate and evaluate the work performed by service contractors to include maintenance, calibration, installation and verification of service documentation.
REQUIREMENTS
Candidate should have a Master Degree in Biomedical Engineering with over 10-15 years of experience.
The candidate should preferably have experience in a hospital operation setup followed by working as a healthcare consultant involved in hospital/infrastructure planning and execution.
Ideal candidate would have worked with the client/operator, healthcare consultant and specialist contractors.
ABOUT THE COMPANY
New Sourcing International (NSI) / Bluefin Talent have partnered so to offer a specialized recruitment solution in both the technology and financial services domain.
Working together as a specialist search and selection agency, we concentrate on 'blue chip' financial services & technology consulting organizations across London and the Middle East; focusing exclusively on Financial Services, IT and Risk. Being niche allows us to offer a premium search service, tailored to overcome the technically challenging nature of recruitment for the specialist functions that we work.
We are dedicated to representing 'best of breed' candidates in the region in our dedicated fields of employment. As such we are a leading outfit for placing ex-pats and internationally educated students in the region.
Our biggest unique selling point, is that we are steered by a dedicated team of ex-financial services and IT industry professionals. This allows us to offer a level of candidate pre-screening for roles, which is largely anomalous to the recruitment profession. Our ability to bridge the technical knowledge gap typical recruiters encounter, coupled with a thorough delivery process allows us to drive consistently superior results for our clients' sourcing requirements. Designed to provide a fast and efficient turnaround, we minimize the use of internal resources our clients spend vetting inadequate profiles, allowing them to quickly get back to focusing on their strategic goals.
Our strength lies not only in the specialist nature of our firm, but also in the commitment we show towards our clients and candidates. We endeavour to build long-term relationships and recognise the crucial nature of communication throughout the recruitment process. Excellence, integrity, respect and transparency are cornerstone to the culture we promote.
Send
|
|