GulfTalent.com
Business Development Manager – Professional Services
Carter Murray
UAE
Posted on: 5 May 2014
THE ROLE
Expand all
OPEN TO CONSIDERING CANDIDATES SAT OUTSIDE OF THE UAE
An excellent opportunity has arisen with an award winning professional services firm. Our client is looking for two strategic and confident Business Development Managers to join the team.
It is expected that you will be confident interacting and building strong relationships with senior level individuals both internally and externally.
Primary role includes:
* Account Management
* Sales Strategy
* Sales calls and measurement
* Marketing/Analyst liaison
* Sales link
* Networking
* Proposal Development
SR Group is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy.
REQUIREMENTS
The ideal candidate will have solid previous experience working in a BD or a client-facing professional role, and have a solid understanding of professional services markets.
ABOUT THE COMPANY
Carter Murray is a specialist recruitment consultancy specialising in the placement of marketing professionals into professional services firms, the financial services sector, multi-national corporations and global brands from our offices in London, Dubai and Sydney. Carter Murray is a member of The SR Group, a specialist global recruitment consultancy founded in 1987, operating in the niche markets of Taxation, Legal, HR and Marketing recruitment. From the world’s largest companies to small owner-managed businesses, we recruit at all levels for a complete cross-section of clients. Our clients include the full range of UK and international professional services firms and financial services companies. We recognise that they expect an exceptional level of service and a real knowledge of today’s highly specialised market.Each of our consultants personally manages their own clients and specialises in specific areas of this key marketplace. We take the time to really understand both parties’ needs and provide focused and consistent advice.
Send
Candidates who applied for this job also applied for:
|
|