GulfTalent.com
Account Manager (Online Media)
Charterhouse
Dubai, UAE
Posted on: 5 May 2014
THE ROLE
Expand all
Charterhouse is working with an established online media company who advertise deals on behalf of companies in the region. Our client is looking to hire an Account Manager to be based in Dubai.
As part of this role you will target new and existing clients to partner with the company on their marketing campaigns and offers to consumers. You will be accountable for growing revenue by identifying new business, pitching face to face and negotiating terms. You will manage clients and ensure their campaigns run smoothly and successfully. Additionally, you will liaise with clients to book appointments as well as travel throughout the UAE to visit potential clients and close business opportunities.
REQUIREMENTS
The successful candidate should have experience in selling similar online advertising or marketing solution together with a track record of generating revenue. As you will be required to travel, it is essential that you possess a UAE driving licence and your own transport. UAE experience would be beneficial whilst Arabic would be highly advantageous. Our client has expressed a preference for a female candidate for this position.
This is an excellent opportunity to join a company undergoing a growth phase offering the prospect of competing with recognised brands and becoming a leading online promotions business.
ABOUT THE COMPANY
During the last ten years, Charterhouse has been operating across Dubai, Abu Dhabi and the GCC Markets. In many ways, we were the recruiter who established and set the standards within the regional recruitment industry benchmarking and innovating the service levels associated to Search and Selection.
Charterhouse understands the dynamics attached to talent acquisition, relationship management and the required service levels within the regional industry. Our heritage is now our main strength as we continue to work within our core markets to deliver key account management and strong contingency recruitment practices to our clients and candidates.
Send
|
|