GulfTalent.com
Accountant
NTS Group
Dubai, UAE
Posted on: 5 May 2014
THE ROLE
Expand all
Trade Accountant
Dubai, UAE
AED 14,000 + Bonus + Benefits
Leading FMCG Company
NTS Group are working exclusively with a leading consumer company in Dubai to recruit a Trade Accountant.
The position exists to monitor and process trade claims of distributors for the Gulf & NM BU. It is responsible of ensuring that the claims made by distributors for incurring trade spends on behalf of the company are paid on time.
It involves close interaction internally with the sales, marketing, trade marketing teams to ensure they understand and communicate the requirements to distributors prior to initiating a spend.
It also involves close interaction with distributors as regards coaching them on the companies requirements so that they submit claims in time and correctly.
This position is key to ensure accurate reporting of advertising and promotions spends and reconciliation. This position reconciles the trade spend actuals to budgets and informs the controlling management as regards the overspends if any, under spends/ savings from trade if any and the resultant impact on financial statements.
REQUIREMENTS
Skills / Requirements & Experience
* Degree Educated (Finance / Accounting)
* Part or Fully Qualified Preferred (ACA, CMA, ACCA)
* 2 Years + Experience
* Strong Financial Accounting skills
* Experience within FMCG Preferred
ABOUT THE COMPANY
NTS Group is a leading specialist recruitment firm and experts at recruiting skilled, qualified and professional people in the Middle East.
Our promise is simple. To provide our clients and candidates an expert, professional and bespoke service whilst maintaining the highest levels of integrity and honesty.
NTS Group specialise within contingency, retained and search based recruitment campaigns across the following sectors;
Finance & Accountancy
Professional Office Support
Sales & Marketing
Operations
To our clients, we understand people are your biggest asset and the future of your business. This is why we focus on understanding not only your technical requirements, but your culture, values and vision in order to find the right people for your business first time.
To our candidates, we believe in honesty, integrity and supporting you throughout the entire process. We listen to what you want and proactively go to market to assist you in finding your dream job.
Send
Candidates who applied for this job also applied for:
|
|