GulfTalent.com
Customer Service Manager
A Globally Active Speciality Chemicals Company
Dubai, UAE
Posted on: 4 May 2014
THE ROLE
Expand all
Key Duties
Interact with customers to provide and process information in response to inquiries concerns and requests about products and services.
1.Deal directly with customers either by telephone, electronically or face to face
2.Respond promptly to customer inquiries.
3.Handle and resolve customer complaints.
4.Obtain and evaluate all relevant information to handle inquiries and complaints.
5.Perform customer verifications.
6.Process orders, forms, applications and requests.
7.Direct requests and unresolved issues to the designated resource.
8.Manage customers account.
9.Keep records of customer interactions and transactions.
10.Record details of inquiries, comments and complaints.
11.Records details of actions taken.
12.Manage administration.
13.Communicate and coordinate with internal departments.
14.Follow up on customer interactions.
REQUIREMENTS
- Bachelor's Degree
- Suitable work experience in Customer Service from a construction industry will be preferred.
- Excellent communication skills in English.
Ability to communicate in Arabic will be an advantage.
- Excellent computer skills. Preferably with knowledge in Axapta.
- Knowledge of customer service principles and practices.
- Ability to apply concepts such as fractions, percentages, ratios and proportions to practical situations.
- Analytical thinking and proactive problem solving ability
ABOUT THE COMPANY
A globally active speciality chemicals company, supplying the building and construction industry as well as manufacturing industries (automotive, bus, truck rail, building components). The company's product lines feature high-quality concrete admixtures, speciality mortars, sealants and adhesives, damping and reinforcing materials, structural strengthening systems, industrial flooring as well as roofing and waterproofing systems.
Worldwide local presence in 76 countries with 15,300 employees.
Send
Candidates who applied for this job also applied for:
|
|