PLUMBER - IEXCEL MANPOWER CORPORATION
PLUMBER  -
PLUMBER
Responsibilities
Candidate must possess at least a High School Diploma, Vocational Diploma / Short Course Certificate, any field.At least 3 year(s) of working experience in the related field is required for this position.Applicants must be willing to work in Dubai.3 Full-Time position(s) available. Duties & Responsibilities: The Plumber is responsible for installing, repairing and maintaining pipes, fixtures and other plumbing used for water distribution and waste water disposal in residential, commercial and industrial buildings.The Plumber reports to the Senior Administrative Officer and will install, repair and maintain plumbing systems and fixtures in residential, commercial, institutional, industrial or public buildings.The Plumber reads blueprints, drawings and specifications to determine the layout of plumbing systems, water supply networks and waste and drainage systems.The Plumber will then plan, install and service plumbing systems, fixtures, piping equipment and controls. These piping systems may be used to transport water, waste, gases or hot liquids. Plumbers work in cooperation with other trades and labourers to ensure that all specifications, legislation and policies are met, and to ensure efficient completion of any project.Providing adequate services will ensure that all water supply networks and waste and drainage systems are installed, repaired and maintained to meet all standards of building codes and safety.       ** APPLY TO I EXCEL MANPOWER CORP. LOCATED AT SUITE NO.8-B , 2ND FLOOR         MIDLAND PLAZA CONDOMINIUM, ADRIATICO ST.,ERMITA .BESIDE ROB MALL.         TEL.NO.02-3138799 - C.P. NO.0917-5614231 / 0921-4455998.ASK FOR ANDY.
Requirements
Company Overview
DECOART was founded in 1989.  As an Interior Design firm, it was initially conceived to answer the needs of the fast-growing urbane cities of the United Arab Emirates.  However, its earned good reputation on the field of decorating business brought projects from various regions of the Gulf area and beyond.The main showroom is located at Al Quoz Industrial Area, Dubai along with two other showroom branches showcase the best classic and modern furniture, curtains and accessories.It has also Design Department from where emanates the unique aesthetic concepts and ideas of its designers. This creative force, guided by the fact that Interior Design and decorating is a people business, consider that customers whom they work with on decorating and designing their interior run the entire scale in preferences for different styling, color favorites, fashion consciousness, and general wants and needs.They also take into consideration that customers vary culturally and economically in their attitudes, personalities, and lifestyles.Added to its Design Department is a Joinery Workshop located in Al Quoz with a staff honed with years of experience to provide each job impeccable quality service and workmanship. In the same location, a 33,000 Esq. area houses its furniture and accessories stocks. - See more at: http://www.decoartdubai.com/about-us/#sthash.1fp43tNA.dpuf
Why Join Us?
United Arab Emirates - Dubai
Min 3 years ( 1-4 Yrs Experienced Employee)
Job DetailsPlacement Type: For Manpower Pooling OnlyPlacement Fee: Not RequiredProspective Principal: DECOART LLC
Post Your Comments or Questions
|  Advertised: 05-May-14  |  Closing Date: 04-Jul-14
>
> ,
• Copyright © 2014