Training Academy Facilitator- Cleaning Services jobs in Transguard Group LLC in Dubai - United Arab Emirates - Naukrigulf.com
Job Seekers Login:
|
Training Academy Facilitator- Cleaning Services
at Transguard Group LLC in
-
Posted: May
5, 2014 Exp:
1 - 2
yrs.
| Opening(s): 1
Other Benefits: Medical Insurance
Education: Basic - Any Graduation
Nationality: Any Nationality
Industry Type:
/
Functional Area:
/
/
/
Your Message could not be sent.
Your message has been sent
Job Description
Share
•Deliver cleaning courses for staff in the FM Cleaning division.
•Prepare session packs to ensure all required forms, course material, and hand-outs are ready for each scheduled class.
•Facilitate training sessions which meet their course objective by maintaining classroom control and creating an effective learning environment.
•	Provide assessment of course material/resources and report findings to the Training Academy Specialists/Manager to ensure modifications/development are in accordance with requirements.
•	Complete candidate evaluation forms to aid comprehensive feedback to be supplied to Line Management.
•Document suggestions for amendments/improvements to ensure course material is current and relevant.
•Assist with maintaining classrooms.
Desired Candidate Profile
•Graduate with minimum 10 months
operational experience in cleaning services.
•Excellent communication skills in English are mandatory with a minimum TG English level 4.
•Highly organized and able to multi task, able to work autonomously and demonstrate initiative, effective problem solving and should be approachable with advanced interpersonal skills.
•Intermediate MS Office skills and knowledge of projector assembly /smart boards is desirable.
Keyword: Cleaning Services
|
Company Profile
The Transguard Group, an Emirates Group company, was established in 2001 and rapidly became renowned as the leading security services provider in the region. Over the last eight years the Group has diversified significantly and is now a regional business support services conglomerate and a leader in the fields of facilities management, cash management, training, FM consultancy, airport services and events management well as maintaining its position at the forefront of the security industry.
Contact Details
Name/ Designation:
-
LandLine: 042995664
Disclaimer: Naukrigulf.com is only a platform to bring jobseekers & employers together. Applicants are advised to research the bonafides of the prospective employer independently. We do NOT endorse any requests for money payments and strictly advice against sharing personal or bank related information.We also recommend you visit
for more information. If you suspect any fraud or malpractice, email us at
To*
From*
Subject*
Email:
Password:
Upload a latest profile photo
A CV with photo has 40% higher chances of getting noticed by employers
Upload Profile Photo
This is how your profile photo will look like.To make adjustments, you can drag around and resize the yellow dashed-square on the right panel.
When you are satisfied with your photo click the "Save Photo" button.
Browse Jobs by
Jobs By Location
Jobs By Category
Job Seekers
Recruiters
Partner Sites
Company
Information
All rights reserved © 2001-
2014 Info Edge (India) Ltd.