Fire Alarm Technician job in Dubai, Dubai - at Hilton Worldwide
Language:
/
/   Job Description
Worldwide
Country : Argentina
Country : Armenia
Country : Australia
Country : Austria
Country : Azerbaijan
Country : Bahamas
Country : Bahrain
Country : Barbados
Country : Belgium
Country : Brazil
Country : Bulgaria
Country : Cameroon
Country : Canada
Country : Chile
Country : China
Country : Colombia
Country : Costa Rica
Country : Croatia (local Name: Hrvatska)
Country : Cyprus
Country : Czech Republic
Country : Denmark
Country : Dominican Republic
Country : Egypt
Country : Equatorial Guinea
Country : Ethiopia
Country : Fiji
Country : France
Country : Georgia
Country : Germany
Country : Greece
Country : Hong Kong
Country : Hungary
Country : India
Country : Indonesia
Country : Ireland
Country : Israel
Country : Italy
Country : Jamaica
Country : Japan
Country : Jordan
Country : Kazakhstan
Country : Kenya
Country : Korea, Republic Of
Country : Kuwait
Country : Lebanon
Country : Luxembourg
Country : Malaysia
Country : Maldives
Country : Malta
Country : Mauritius
Country : Mexico
Country : Namibia
Country : Netherlands
Country : Netherlands Antilles
Country : New Zealand
Country : Nigeria
Country : Oman
Country : Panama
Country : Peru
Country : Poland
Country : Portugal
Country : Puerto Rico
Country : Qatar
Country : Romania
Country : Russian Federation
Country : Saudi Arabia
Country : Seychelles
Country : Singapore
Country : South Africa
Country : Spain
Country : Sri Lanka
Country : Sweden
Country : Switzerland
Country : Thailand
Country : Trinidad And Tobago
Country : Tunisia
Country : Turkey
Country : Ukraine
Country : United Arab Emirates
Country : United Kingdom
Country : United States
Country : Vietnam
Fire Alarm Technician
http://HILTON.contacthr.com/33878738
DoubleTree
Job ID:
OPE028Q4
Location Name:
DoubleTree by Hilton Jumeirah
Location Address:
DUBAI JUMERAIH BEACH, The Walk , Dubai, Dubai, United Arab Emirates
Full/Part Time:
Full-time
Organization
DoubleTree
Brand
Monitors fire alarm system and coordinates fire procedure together with Emergency Response Team.
What will it be like to work for this Hilton Worldwide Brand?With thousands of hotels in more than 80 countries, Hilton Worldwide offers countless opportunities to delight. From an open door to a welcoming smile and an exceptional experience, we offer the millions of travelers who stay with us every year a welcome they will never forget.If you understand the importance of a proper welcome and know how to offer an exceptional hospitality experience, you may be just the person we are looking for to work as a Team Member with Hilton Worldwide. Because it’s with Hilton Worldwide where we never forget the reason we're here: to delight our guests, Team Members, and owners alike. We're Hilton Worldwide. Welcome.What will I be doing?
Monitor fire alarm system and coordinate fire procedure together with Emergency Response Team.In addition to performance of the essential functions, this position may be required to perform a combination of the following supportive functions, with the percentage of time performing each function to be solely determined by the supervisor based upon the particular requirements of the company.
. Able to produce and comprehend all needed reports.
Able to help around the department.
Flexible team player, Reliable and able to work on own initiative.
Follows all safety rules and regulations in job, departmental procedures and instructions.
Works closely with peers to assist in their job when requested by supervisor.
Attains all departmental meetings and training classes.
Regular attendance in conformance with the standards, which may be established by Hilton from time to time, is essential to the successful performance of this position.
The individual must possess the following knowledge, skills and abilities and be able to explain and demonstrate that he or she can perform the essential functions of the job, with or without reasonable accommodation.
Assimilate into The Hilton Family PRIDE/CARE culture through understanding, supporting and participating in all elements of PRIDE/CARE. Demonstrate working knowledge of the service standards.
What are we looking for?What benefits will I receive?Your benefits will include a competitive starting salary and holiday entitlement. As an employee you will become a member of the The Hilton Club which provides reduced hotel room rates in our hotels worldwide, plus discounts on products and services offered by Hilton Worldwide and its partners. We look forward to explaining in detail the range of excellent benefits that you would expect from a global hotel organization like Hilton Worldwide.Learn more now about Hilton Worldwide --- offering an open door, a welcoming smile, and an exceptional experience.Reached a total of 29 million Hilton HHonors® members — with 2.5 million members joining in 2010 aloneOne of the largest hospitality companies in the U.S. by number of roomsDeveloping one of the largest pipelines in our history and in the industry --- with a special commitment to global expansionFirst major hospitality company to require sustainability measurement as a brand standard
Job Search
All Locations In
United Arab Emirates
Abu Dhabi
Al Ain
Al Fujayrah
Dubai
Ras al Khaymah
Sharjah
All Brands
Centralized/Meritex Laundry
Conrad
Corporate
DoubleTree
Embassy Suites
Field Sales
Hampton
Hilton
Hilton Garden Inn
Hilton Grand Vacations
Hilton Reservations and Customer Care
Hilton Supply Management
Home2 Suites
Homewood Suites
Waldorf-Astoria
Hilton Worldwide
All Areas of Talent
Call Center
Work From Home
Guest Services/Operations
Spa & Recreation
General Manager / Hotel Manager
Food & Beverage
Culinary
Corporate
Human Resources
Finance & Accounting
Sales & Marketing
Commercial Services
Universities
All Job Categories
Call Center, Reservations and Telemarketing
Work From Home
Casino
Guest Services/Operations
Retail & Gift Shop
Spa, Golf, Health Club and Recreation
Engineering, Maintenance and Facilities
Housekeeping and Laundry
Security and Loss Prevention
Receiving
General Manager / Hotel Manager
Food & Beverage
Banquets, Catering and Convention Services
Catering and Event Services
Culinary
Administrative and General
Architecture, Design and Construction
Asset Management
Brand Management
Development and Real Estate
Information Technology/Systems
Legal
Communications and Public Relations
Risk Management
Procurement and Purchasing
Human Resources and Training
Accounting and Finance and Tax
Sales
Timeshare Marketing
Brand Marketing
Revenue Management
Online Marketing
Marketing Services
Campus Programs
Employment Disclaimer
Employment Disclaimer
X
In some locations around the world, Hilton Worldwide manages hotel properties on behalf of a third party owner.
At many of those properties, the Hotel owner is the actual employer, and Hilton Worldwide performs recruiting and hiring functions on behalf of the owner.
I understand and agree that, by applying through this site, I may be applying for a position with a company other than Hilton Worldwide where Hilton Worldwide is serving only as the recruiter and will not be my actual employer.
JobSearchDisclaimer
Current Team Members
Similar Matching Jobs
Overview
A Carpenter with Doubletree by Hilton will work in Guest rooms, public area, ands back-of-house areas to complete required maintenance and t..
-
Overview
A General Electrician with Doubletree by Hilton is responsible for inspecting, diagnosing, maintaining and repairing electrical equipment to..
-
Overview
A General Fitter with Doubletree by Hilton will perform welding, plumbing, and preventative maintenance for tools, equipment, and working ar..
-
Job Cart
Your job cart is now empty.
Language:
*EOE/AA
1-800-HILTONS (1-800-445-8667)
© 2014 Hilton Worldwide