Regional Credit Control Manager,
Dubai
AED 25,000 - AED 35,000 per month plus benefits - JB3047334 | Dubai, UAE - Emirates 24|7
OK
Cancel
Loading...
Loading...
Menu - []
›
› Job Description
Date Posted: 2014/05/05 06:15:25Expiry Date : 2014/07/04Ref. JB3047334
Regional Credit Control Manager, Dubai
AED 25,000 – AED 35,000 per month plus benefitsApple Search & Selection
Our client,
a large
law firm,
are looking for a Regional Credit ControlManager,
to join their team in Dubai.The main purpose of the role,
is to manage the Company’s credit riskexposure and ensure that the collection of outstanding amounts is carriedout on a timely basis,
in addition to driving continuous improvement of allcredit management related processes,
in co-operation with all involvedparties in order to increase efficiency.The main responsibilities of the role will be to manage the credit risk, evaluate and approve credit limit change requests,
credit notes and paymentterm changes.
To develop and prepare Management reports and ensure that thesenior management team is informed timely and accurately about anynoteworthy developments.
To answer all ad hoc requests related to CreditManagement and to monitor all bank transactions related to accountsreceivable,
in addition to supervising the credit team’s day to day duties, to ensure that all tasks are prepared accurately and on time.
Skills
The successful candidate will have experience in running a large team ofCredit Controllers and Accountants,
in addition to having worked in a lawfirm or professional services environment.
You must possess a BachelorsDegree in Accounting & Finance and have expert skills in Microsoft Outlook, Word and Excel.
Advanced skills in PowerPoint would be a plus.
Excellentwritten and verbal communication skills and strong leadership skills areessential for this position.If you think you have the relevant skills and experience,
then please applyto us today.
We regret to inform you that only successful candidates willbe contacted.
Company Profile
Apple Search & Selection offers a very personalised,
executive recruitment service.
Our fresh and honest approach to ensuring cultural and strategic fit between clients and the candidates we present is tailored to minimising the workload,
releasing the pressure of decision making and significantly reducing the recruitment cycle time. We develop our business based on long-term relationships and have an excellent reputation for service deliveryWe are dedicated to providing our customers with an unparalleled level of care,
professionalism,
confidentiality and integrity and the service that we provide is constantly applauded by our clients and candidates alike,
for our professional and courteous approach.
Job Details
Job Location:
Dubai, UAE
Company Industry:
Legal
Company Type:
Employer (Private Sector)
Job Role:
Management
Number of Vacancies:
1
Preferred Candidate
Career Level:
Mid Career
Log in using your Bayt.com account
Please enable Javascript on your browser to use this website.