Dubai Strategic Partnerships Alliance Manager - Middle East Job
Search by Keyword
Share this Job
Please enable JavaScript to subscribe.
Email
Please wait...
Strategic Partnerships Alliance Manager - Middle East Job
Email
Please wait...
Merck
Date: May 5, 2014
Location: Dubai, AE
Strategic Partnerships Alliance Manager - Middle East-STR000276DescriptionMSD is a global healthcare leader with a diversified portfolio of prescription medicines, vaccines, biologic therapies, and consumer care and animal health products.
Today, we are building a new kind of healthcare company – one that is ready to help create a healthier future for all of us.Our ability to excel depends on the integrity, knowledge, imagination, skill, diversity and teamwork of people like you.
To this end, we strive to create an environment of mutual respect, encouragement and teamwork.
As part of our global team, you’ll have the opportunity to collaborate with talented and dedicated colleagues while developing and expanding your career.MSD is a trade name of Merck & Co., Inc., with headquarters in Whitehouse Station, N.J., U.S.A.The alliance management function is responsible to ensure that MSD and partners achieve the goals of strategic partnerships by implement the agreed on actions and activities from the business development partnerships agreements. The alliance manager will be responsible to make sure that business development partner execute all marketing and implementation plans including reports that is required from partners as per the agreement. He/she will recommend with the help of the concerned country team or function, the course of action that will be most beneficial to the strategic goals of the partnerships . At the same time he will act as liaison to ensure that MSD team provides partners with the right support in order to perform the agreed on activities. This will include working with local and regional
business teams , MMD and regulatory department to ensure execution of any technology and knowhow
transfer agreement/s. He/she will be the Primary communication contact for partnership stakeholdersThe alliance manager will be under the responsibility of the BD and will escalate to country team and respective functional stakeholder (MD, BU, MMD, Regulatory)
any issues related to performance or implementation. It will be the responsibility of the concerned team in the country or function to work with the alliance manager / partner on these issues in alignment with country management and BD.Our employees are the key to our company’s success.
We demonstrate our commitment to our employees by offering a competitive and valuable rewards program.
MSD’s benefits are designed to support the wide range of goals, needs and lifestyles of our employees, and many of the people that matter the most in their lives.MSD is an equal opportunity employer, proudly embracing diversity in all of its manifestationsQualifications·
Sales & Marketing Management experience min 3 years orBusiness Unit Management·
Analytical and problem solving skills·
Project managementand commercial ability·
Interpersonal and organization skills ; strong customer focus and service orientation·
Oral and written communication proficiency in English – Arabic language.*LI-NE2Job:
Strategic Alliances Job Title:Strategic Partnerships Alliance Manager - Middle EastPrimary Location:
EMEA-United Arab Emirates-Dubai-DubaiEmployee Status:
RegularNumber of Openings: 1
Job Segments: Law, Business Development, Marketing Manager, Manager, Strategy, Legal, Sales, Marketing, Management
Email
Please wait...
Find similar jobs:
,
,
,
,