GulfTalent.com
Finance Manager
Binding Partnerships
Dubai, UAE
Posted on: 4 May 2014
THE ROLE
Expand all
Finance Manager
This is a unique opportunity to join an end to end Real Estate Investment portfolio company which has ambitious expansion plans both in the Middle East, Europe and United States.
With the head office situated in Dubai the Finance Manager supervise the finance unit and will be the senior financial spokesperson for the financial department. The FM will report directly into the Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director.
Essential Duties and Responsibilities:
Ensure accurate, complete and consistent recording and reporting of financial activities.
Supervise and oversee the general ledger activities and ensure that journal booking, posting and closing the books are done on a timely and accurate basis.
Review journal entries to check accuracy and compliance with the established rules and accounting principles and that all entries are supported by valid documentation.
Oversee the management and coordination of all fiscal reporting activities for the organization including: organizational revenue/expense and balance sheet reports.
Oversee the production of monthly reports including reconciliation's as well as financial statements and cash flow projections for use by Executive management, as well as the Audit/Finance Committee and Board of Directors.
Overlook all group business entities.
Produce and implement financial policy manuals and procedures into the business.
Report directly in both the Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director on all financial matters.
Ensure the accuracy of the financial clerks within the finance department regarding bank statements, fixed assets and liabilities.
REQUIREMENTS
Education and Experience:
Ability to:
Foster and cultivate strong relationships with all the business heads.
Communicate effectively in both written and verbal form in English.
Be a ‘Team’ player within this dynamic ambitious business, personality is paramount!
Education:
Completion of a bachelor's degree at an accredited college or university or equivalent work experience.
Certified Public Accountant (CPA) or CA preferred.
Fluent in English preferably from the United Kingdom experience.
Experience:
Leveraged financial department turnaround experience at a Manager level.
Eight to Ten years of financial management experience with the day-to-day financial operations of an organization.
Prior experience of working within the Real Estate sector.
Experience of working within the UAE.
Package:
Monthly take home salary up to 15,000 AED per month. This is the ceiling.
Bonus paid out quarterly based of the overall company’s performance and discretionary performance.
Full Health insurance
Annual tickets home
Company credit card provide.
Company Car – New C Class Mercedes Benz.
ABOUT THE COMPANY
Binding Partnerships is an exceptional provider of executive search and bespoke recruitment solutions.
With offices located in Dubai and Abu Dhabi we are perfectly positioned to service the growing needs of clients and candidates across the Middle East.
By working in partnership with both our clients and candidates, listening to their needs, researching and then offering confidential, practical and informed advice and solutions we are able to build long-term relationships with the professionals with whom we work.
Send
Candidates who applied for this job also applied for:
|
|