Sales Representative - SGS HUMAN RESOURCES CORPORATION
Sales Representative  -
Sales Representative
Responsibilities
Candidate must possess at least a Vocational Diploma / Short Course Certificate.At least 2 year(s) of working experience in the related field is required for this position.Applicants must be willing to work in Dubai.Preferably Female 22-35 years old.10 Full-Time position(s) available.  Please contact below numbers for more details. Look for Ms KATE.    Tel #: (02) 410-8446    Fax #: (02) 371-8142   DOWNLOAD the application form on this link:    http://dl.sgshumanresources.com/SGScv.doc   Interested candidates may send their Application form to:    ERNA@sgshumanresources.com    KATE@sgshumanresources.com   Initial interview will be on SGS office located at:    Suite 504-505 PASDA Mansions, #77 Panay Avenue Corner Timog Avenue, Quezon City   Bring with you the following documents:    • Updated resume with detailed job description / duties and responsibilities    • 2 pieces 2x2 photo or passport size photo with white background    • 1 whole body photo    • Employment certificates    • Trainings and seminars certificate related to the job you are applying for    • Photocopy of your passport    • NBI clearance (can be to follow)    • School Credentials (diploma, transcript of records, form 137, etc.)
Requirements
Company Overview
Our company as an overseas recruitment agency is duly licensed by the Department of Labor and Employment, the Philippine Overseas Administration and registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Our company is in its four years of existence and continues to expand its operation globally. We were successful in establishing our alliance in USA, CANADA, AUSTRALIA, SAUDI ARABIA, UNITED ARAB EMIRATES and JAPAN. Our company may sounds new, but the people behind it have been in the recruitment industry for a long time and made recruitment their lifetime career. We know the business and we are devoted to it.
Why Join Us?
United Arab Emirates - Dubai
Min 2 years ( 1-4 Yrs Experienced Employee)
Job DetailsPlacement Type: For Manpower Pooling OnlyPlacement Fee: Not RequiredProspective Principal: UNITED ARAB EMIRATES
Location MapRm 504 PASDA Mansion,#77 Panay Avenue,cor Timog Avenue,Quezon City
Post Your Comments or Questions
|  Advertised: 05-May-14  |  Closing Date: 04-Jul-14
>
> ,
• Copyright © 2014