Hospital Porters - AZRAQ Red Cross/Red Crescent Hospital Job in Jordan - International Federation of Red Cross and Red Crescent Societies, Amman Delegation Office - Bayt.com
OK
Cancel
Loading...
Loading...
Jobs
Jobs
Salaries
People Companies Specialties
- All -
- All -Algeria (12)Bahrain (115)Dubai (1556)Egypt (497)Iraq (81)Jordan (391)Kuwait (740)Lebanon (250)Libya (16)Morocco (12)Oman (96)Pakistan (34)Qatar (1061)Saudi Arabia (2775)Sri Lanka (64)Tunisia (6)UAE (3584)Yemen (3)
Loading...
Menu - []
›
› Job Description
Hospital Porters - AZRAQ Red Cross/Red Crescent Hospital
-
Date Posted: 2014/05/04 19:50:29
Ref. JB3047218
Job Description
Hospital Porters : Delivery suite, Operating Room, Emergency Room and Hospital Wards
Background:
The International Federation of Red Cross and Red Crescent Societies (IFRC) is the world's largest humanitarian network, reaching 150 million people each year through its 187 member National Societies. The Organisation acts before, during and after disasters and health emergencies in order to meet the needs and improve the lives of vulnerable people. Our work is guided by seven fundamental principles (humanity, impartiality, neutrality, independence, voluntary service, unity and universality).
The ongoing crisis in Syria has resulted in migration of over 2 million refugees to neighboring countries. In Jordan, many refugees seek refuge in camps. As the existing camps are nearing saturation, the Jordanian authorities have opted for the creation of a new refugee camp in Azraq, which opened on April 30. 2014..
The Red Cross/Crescent was approached by stakeholders to setup a referral level hospital facility. This hospital functions as a secondary level health care facility in Azraq camp and the beneficiaries are the Syrian refugee population residing in the camp.
The hospital consists of one operating theater, a delivery suite, inpatient wards and treatment areas, an x-ray and a laboratory. It also provides an outpatient department for referral consultations as well as an emergency room. The hospital is planned to open with 40 beds and the bed capacity will gradually increase as the camp population increases.
Position Purpose:
•	Perform supporting portering services in the hospital
Skills
Skills and Qualifications:
•	Previous experience of hospital porter/ orderly duties
Work conditions:
•	Willingness to work in a remote are in Azraq Refugee Camp
•	The hospital is new and with modern patient care facilities
•	Willingness to work in 12 hour shifts / 48 hour working week
•	Remote area allowances and transport between Amman and Azraq is provided by the employer
Deadline for receiving applications is 12th May, 2014 – Only shortlisted candidates will be contacted.
The Federation is an equal opportunity employer
Job Details
Job Location:
Jordan
Company Industry:
Medical/Hospital
Company Type:
Employer (Private Sector)
Job Role:
Healthcare/Medical
Joining Date:
Unspecified
Employment Status:
Unspecified
Employment Type:
Unspecified
Monthly Salary Range:
Unspecified
Manages Others:
Unspecified
Number of Vacancies:
1
Preferred Candidate
Career Level:
Mid Career
Years of Experience:
Unspecified
Residence Location:
Unspecified
Gender:
Unspecified
Nationality:
Unspecified
Degree:
Unspecified
Date Posted: 2014/05/04 19:50:29
Ref. JB3047218
Recommended Courses
Invite Your
Friends to Bayt.com
Find Jobs
About Bayt.com
Bayt.com is the leading job site in the Gulf and Middle East, connecting job seekers with employers looking to hire.
Every day, thousands of new job vacancies are listed on the award-winning platform from the region's top employers.
Company
Quick Links
Follow
© 2000-2014 Bayt.com, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
-
Reproduction of material from any Bayt.com pages without written permission is strictly prohibited.