In-Charge Nurses and Night Shift Nursing Supervisors - AZRAQ Red Cross/Red Crescent Hospital Job in Jordan - International Federation of Red Cross and Red Crescent Societies, Amman Delegation Office - Bayt.com
OK
Cancel
Loading...
Loading...
Jobs
Jobs
Salaries
People Companies Specialties
- All -
- All -Algeria (12)Bahrain (115)Dubai (1556)Egypt (497)Iraq (81)Jordan (391)Kuwait (740)Lebanon (250)Libya (16)Morocco (12)Oman (96)Pakistan (34)Qatar (1061)Saudi Arabia (2775)Sri Lanka (64)Tunisia (6)UAE (3584)Yemen (3)
Loading...
Menu - []
›
› Job Description
In-Charge Nurses and Night Shift Nursing Supervisors - AZRAQ Red Cross/Red Crescent Hospital
-
Date Posted: 2014/05/04 19:46:26
Ref. JB3047217
Job Description
Background:
The International Federation of Red Cross and Red Crescent Societies (IFRC) is the world's largest humanitarian network, reaching 150 million people each year through its 187 member National Societies. The Organisation acts before, during and after disasters and health emergencies in order to meet the needs and improve the lives of vulnerable people. Our work is guided by seven fundamental principles (humanity, impartiality, neutrality, independence, voluntary service, unity and universality).
The ongoing crisis in Syria has resulted in the migration of over 2 million refugees to neighboring countries. In Jordan, many refugees seek refuge in camps. As the existing camps are nearing saturation, the Jordanian authorities have opted for the creation of a new refugee camp in Azraq, which opened on April 30, 2014.
This hospital functions as a secondary level health care facility in Azraq camp and the beneficiaries are the Syrian refugee population residing in the camp.
The hospital consists of one operating theater, a delivery suite, inpatient wards and treatment areas, an x-ray and a laboratory. It also provides an outpatient department for referral consultations as well as an emergency room. The hospital is planned to open with 40 beds and the bed capacity will gradually increase as the camp population increases.
Position Purpose:
Responsible for the
day-to-day management of assigned unit,
directing and developing nursing staff, collaborating with the international and multidisciplinary professional hospital team
Examples of main activities:
•	Monitors the quality of care given to patients in the hospital and follows up on the use of set nursing care protocols and procedures
•	Maintains an overview of unit needs, daily management and problem solving of the unit
•	Prepares/approves scheduling for the nursing staff of the unit so that the operational needs are met
•	Coaches and counsels the unit nursing staff, plans, monitors and appraises nursing staff results
•	Night shift supervisors function as nurse managers for the whole hospital between 8pm – 8am
Skills
Skills and Qualifications:
•	Registered nurse in Jordan (Bachelor Degree level licensed nurse)
•	Good level of spoken and written English
•	Solid nursing management experience
•	Up-to-date in clinical nursing
Work conditions:
•	Willingness to work in Azraq Refugee Camp during long hours and demanding conditions
•	The hospital is new and with modern patient care facilities
•	Willingness to work in 12 hour shifts / 48 hour working week
Deadline for receiving applications is 12th May, 2014 – Only shortlisted candidates will be contacted.
The Federation is an equal opportunity employer
Job Details
Job Location:
Jordan
Company Industry:
Medical/Hospital
Company Type:
Employer (Private Sector)
Job Role:
Healthcare/Medical
Joining Date:
Unspecified
Employment Status:
Unspecified
Employment Type:
Unspecified
Monthly Salary Range:
Unspecified
Manages Others:
Unspecified
Number of Vacancies:
3
Preferred Candidate
Career Level:
Mid Career
Years of Experience:
Unspecified
Residence Location:
Unspecified
Gender:
Unspecified
Nationality:
Unspecified
Degree:
Unspecified
Date Posted: 2014/05/04 19:46:26
Ref. JB3047217
Recommended Courses
Invite Your
Friends to Bayt.com
Find Jobs
About Bayt.com
Bayt.com is the leading job site in the Gulf and Middle East, connecting job seekers with employers looking to hire.
Every day, thousands of new job vacancies are listed on the award-winning platform from the region's top employers.
Company
Quick Links
Follow
© 2000-2014 Bayt.com, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
-
Reproduction of material from any Bayt.com pages without written permission is strictly prohibited.