PHARMACY ASSISTANT - AZRAQ Red Cross/Red Crescent Hospital Job in Jordan - International Federation of Red Cross and Red Crescent Societies, Amman Delegation Office - Bayt.com
OK
Cancel
Loading...
Loading...
Jobs
Jobs
Salaries
People Companies Specialties
- All -
- All -Algeria (12)Bahrain (115)Dubai (1556)Egypt (497)Iraq (81)Jordan (391)Kuwait (740)Lebanon (250)Libya (16)Morocco (12)Oman (96)Pakistan (34)Qatar (1061)Saudi Arabia (2775)Sri Lanka (64)Tunisia (6)UAE (3584)Yemen (3)
Loading...
Menu - []
›
› Job Description
PHARMACY ASSISTANT - AZRAQ Red Cross/Red Crescent Hospital
-
Date Posted: 2014/05/04 19:37:30
Ref. JB3047215
Job Description
Background:
The International Federation of Red Cross and Red Crescent Societies (IFRC) is the world's largest humanitarian network, reaching 150 million people each year through its 187 member National Societies. The Organisation acts before, during and after disasters and health emergencies in order to meet the needs and improve the lives of vulnerable people. Our work is guided by seven fundamental principles (humanity, impartiality, neutrality, independence, voluntary service, unity and universality).
The ongoing crisis in Syria has so far forced the migration of over 2 million refugees to neighboring countries. In Jordan, many refugees sought refuge in camps. As the existing camps are nearing saturation, the Jordanian authorities have opted for the creation of a new refugee camp in Azraq, which is currently under construction. The Red Cross hospital functions as a 24/7 secondary level health care facility in the camp. The inpatient capacity will be
up to 130 beds, providing obstetrics and gynecology, pediatrics, surgical services and general medicine services.
The hospital consists of one operating theater, a delivery suite, inpatient wards and treatment areas, an x-ray and a laboratory. It also provides an outpatient department for referral consultations as well as an emergency room. The hospital is planned to open with 40 beds and the bed capacity will gradually increase as the camp population increases.
Pharmacy assistant/ storekeeper Position purpose:
Assist the pharmacist manager in ensuring the proper general functioning of the central pharmacy and the supply to hospital departments.
Description of Key Duties and Responsibilities:
1.	Maintain the adequacy of storage and hygiene conditions of pharmacy according to Red Cross MoH protocols.
2.	Participate in physical inventories and organization of stock according to MoH recommended storage guidelines.
3.	Participate in preparations and sending medications to the wards as per prescriptions under supervision of the hospital Pharmacist
4.	Participate in the reception of supplies
5.	Ensure that material is not taken without authorization and that the security regulations of the pharmacy are respected.
6.	Report immediately in case of robbery/damage of medical equipment or medicines. Take actions to avoid or prevent the robberies and damages on the equipment
7.	Update stock cards and inform the stock manager as soon as an item reaches the minimum or maximum threshold or is about
Skills
Skills and Qualifications
Previous pharmacy related store-keeping duties are an asset
Salary and Allowances
•	Remote location allowance and transportation between Amman and Azraq will be provide by the employer
Work Conditions:
•	Willingness to work in Azraq Refugee camp in a remote location
•	The hospital is new with modern patient care facilities
•	Willingness to work 12 hr shifts/ 48 hr week
Deadline for receiving applications is 12th May, 2014 – Only shortlisted candidates will be contacted.
The Federation is an equal opportunity employer
Job Details
Job Location:
Jordan
Company Industry:
Medical/Hospital
Company Type:
Employer (Private Sector)
Job Role:
Healthcare/Medical
Joining Date:
Unspecified
Employment Status:
Unspecified
Employment Type:
Unspecified
Monthly Salary Range:
Unspecified
Manages Others:
Unspecified
Number of Vacancies:
1
Preferred Candidate
Career Level:
Mid Career
Years of Experience:
Unspecified
Residence Location:
Unspecified
Gender:
Unspecified
Nationality:
Unspecified
Degree:
Unspecified
Date Posted: 2014/05/04 19:37:30
Ref. JB3047215
Recommended Courses
Invite Your
Friends to Bayt.com
Find Jobs
About Bayt.com
Bayt.com is the leading job site in the Gulf and Middle East, connecting job seekers with employers looking to hire.
Every day, thousands of new job vacancies are listed on the award-winning platform from the region's top employers.
Company
Quick Links
Follow
© 2000-2014 Bayt.com, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
-
Reproduction of material from any Bayt.com pages without written permission is strictly prohibited.