PHARMACIST- AZRAQ Red Cross/Red Crescent Hospital Job in Jordan - International Federation of Red Cross and Red Crescent Societies, Amman Delegation Office - Bayt.com
OK
Cancel
Loading...
Loading...
Jobs
Jobs
Salaries
People Companies Specialties
- All -
- All -Algeria (12)Bahrain (115)Dubai (1556)Egypt (497)Iraq (81)Jordan (391)Kuwait (740)Lebanon (250)Libya (16)Morocco (12)Oman (96)Pakistan (34)Qatar (1061)Saudi Arabia (2775)Sri Lanka (64)Tunisia (6)UAE (3584)Yemen (3)
Loading...
Menu - []
›
› Job Description
PHARMACIST- AZRAQ Red Cross/Red Crescent Hospital
-
Date Posted: 2014/05/04 19:34:36
Ref. JB3047214
Job Description
Background:
The International Federation of Red Cross and Red Crescent Societies (IFRC) is the world's largest humanitarian network, reaching 150 million people each year through its 187 member National Societies. The Organisation acts before, during and after disasters and health emergencies in order to meet the needs and improve the lives of vulnerable people. Our work is guided by seven fundamental principles (humanity, impartiality, neutrality, independence, voluntary service, unity and universality).
The ongoing crisis in Syria has resulted in migration of over 2 million refugees to neighboring countries. In Jordan, many refugees seek refuge in camps. As the existing camps are nearing saturation, the Jordanian authorities have opted for the creation of a new refugee camp in Azraq, which is due to open on April 30. 2014..
The Red Cross/Crescent was approached by stakeholders to setup a referral level hospital facility. This hospital functions as a secondary level health care facility in Azraq camp and the beneficiaries are the Syrian refugee population residing in the camp.
The hospital consists of one operating theater, a delivery suite, inpatient wards and treatment areas, an x-ray and a laboratory. It also provides an outpatient department for referral consultations as well as an emergency room. The hospital is planned to open with 40 beds and the bed capacity will gradually increase as the camp population increases.
Pharmacist Position Purpose:
•	Hospital pharmacist is an expert in the field of medicines and is responsible for dispensing medications to the different hospital units/ wards, ensures the medicines are stored appropriately and securely. Pharmacist maintains an overview of the hospital medicine stock and manages the procurement chain together with the Medical Logistician.
•	This is an opportunity to be involved in setting up a pharmacy and procedures in a new hospital facility
Description of Key Duties and Responsibilities:
•	Support the clinical activities of the hospital.
•	Plan and set-up the medical warehouse / pharmacy according to the standards of Jordanian MoH.
•	Maintain
stock control system for medications
•	Monitor stock usage and maintain accurate record keeping
•	Ensure secure and appropriate storage conditions
•	Track medicine consumption through the hospital internal tracking system and to ensure requisition orders are placed timely
Skills
Work requirements:
•	Registered pharmacist in Jordan
•	Good level of English, spoken and written
•	Previous Hospital Pharmacist experience is valued
Work conditions:
•	Willingness to work in Azraq Refugee Camp in a remote location
•	The hospital is new and with modern patient care facilities
•	Willingness to work in 12 hour shifts / day shift only
•	Remote location allowance and transport between Amman and Azraq will be provided by employer
Deadline for receiving applications is 12th May, 2014 – Only shortlisted candidates will be contacted.
The Federation is an equal opportunity employer
Job Details
Job Location:
Jordan
Company Industry:
Medical/Hospital
Company Type:
Employer (Private Sector)
Job Role:
Healthcare/Medical
Joining Date:
Unspecified
Employment Status:
Unspecified
Employment Type:
Unspecified
Monthly Salary Range:
Unspecified
Manages Others:
Unspecified
Number of Vacancies:
1
Preferred Candidate
Career Level:
Mid Career
Years of Experience:
Unspecified
Residence Location:
Unspecified
Gender:
Unspecified
Nationality:
Unspecified
Degree:
Unspecified
Date Posted: 2014/05/04 19:34:36
Ref. JB3047214
Similar Jobs
Recommended Courses
Invite Your
Friends to Bayt.com
Find Jobs
About Bayt.com
Bayt.com is the leading job site in the Gulf and Middle East, connecting job seekers with employers looking to hire.
Every day, thousands of new job vacancies are listed on the award-winning platform from the region's top employers.
Company
Quick Links
Follow
© 2000-2014 Bayt.com, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
-
Reproduction of material from any Bayt.com pages without written permission is strictly prohibited.