GulfTalent.com
Regional Corporate Recruitment Manager
Mackenzie Jones
Dubai, UAE
Posted on: 4 May 2014
THE ROLE
Expand all
One of the leading Consumer organisations globally with a reputation for innovation and marketing leading products is now looking for their first Regional Corporate Recruitment Manager
Based in Dubai, the role will be responsible for the following:
•	Drive and support recruitment of senior hires throughout the MENA region.
•	Indirect leadership of recruitment head posts in each country, and responsibility to create and build recruitment capability in these subsidiaries.
•	Management of agencies in UAE & development of recruitment channels across MENA region
•	Direct responsibility for recruitment of senior staff in the regional HQ
•	Overview
& supervision of progress hiring head posts in all other operational countries.
•	Introduction of innovative recruiting processes & strategies, responsible for ‘upskilling’ recruitment capability & skills in the Headquarters and across the region.
REQUIREMENTS
The Person
You will have a minimum of 8 years recruitment experience within a Multinational organization. Proven experience of managing a team across a region is essential coupled with the ability to manage a number of complex stakeholders. A Western education and fluency in English are essential and it would be advantageous if you were fluent in Arabic.
The role is based at the regional HQ but you will be expected to travel across the region.
ABOUT THE COMPANY
Mackenzie Jones Middle East has decades of HR, Marketing, Finance & Accounting, Sales, Secretarial & Business Support, Management Consulting and Engineering recruitment expertise. Along with a deep understanding of key market sectors and regions, we never forget to treat clients, companies and candidates as individuals who have unique needs.
So we always listen, constantly learn, occasionally challenge and frequently advise. It’s all part of a service renowned for its courtesy, consideration and dedication.
Based in Dubai since 2006, our office covers the GCC and Levant countries and with the right regional expertise, we are the leading specialists.
We’re growing rapidly because people appreciate our honesty, commitment and results.
Areas of specialties we recruit for are: Human Resources, Finance & Accounting, Marketing, Sales, Secretarial & Business Support, Executive Search, Banking & Financial Services, Management Consulting and Engineering.
Send
Candidates who applied for this job also applied for:
|
|