ICU Staff Nurse Job in Eastern Province - Future Career Generator - Bayt.com
OK
Cancel
Loading...
Loading...
Jobs
Jobs
Salaries
People Companies Specialties
- All -
- All -Algeria (12)Bahrain (115)Dubai (1556)Egypt (497)Iraq (81)Jordan (391)Kuwait (740)Lebanon (250)Libya (16)Morocco (12)Oman (96)Pakistan (34)Qatar (1061)Saudi Arabia (2775)Sri Lanka (64)Tunisia (6)UAE (3584)Yemen (3)
Loading...
Menu - []
›
› Job Description
ICU Staff Nurse
- ,
Date Posted: 2014/05/04 15:58:47
Ref. JB3047198
Job Description
On behalf of our client one of the leading Specialist Hospitals in Saudi Arabia we have an opening for an ICU Staff Nurse. Reporting to the Head Nurse.
Responsible for Nursing Technician and Nursing Assistant.
Responsible for planning, organising and performance of nursing care for the critically ill patient. Accountable for nursing actions which include identifying patterns of human responses to actual /potential health problems amenable to a nursing regimen; executing a nursing regimen through selection, performance, management and evaluation of nursing action; assessing health status for the purpose of providing nursing care, health counseling and teaching; administering medications, treatments and executing regimens prescribed by physicians; teaching administering, supervising, delegating and evaluating nursing practice.
Duties & Responsibilities
•	Collaborates with the patient/ members of the health care team to develop and update a plan of care based on the patient’s physical, psychological changes and age related requirements.
•	Provides total direct nursing care - plan of care and needs of the patients with respect to the patient’s privacy dignity and personal preference and culture.
•	Closely monitors cardiac and physical status of patient under their care.
•	Transcribe physician’s orders and reviews nursing and medical orders for accuracy.
•	Prepares, administers and documents the administration of all medications as prescribed by the physician.
•	Maintains accountability for narcotic and controlled drugs.
•	Intervenes appropriately in clinical emergency situations, initiates emergency resuscitative measures and assists with codes.
•	Sets up equipment for and assists physicians with diagnostics and therapeutic procedures.
•	Teaches patients and their families with emphasis on compliance with prescribed therapeutic regimen, supports families in meeting the patient’s psychological needs..
•	Maintains a safe, clean and organized environment for the patient, family, visitors and staff. Demonstrates priority setting skills and time liners responding to patient needs.
•	Evaluates quality of nursing care being delivered and identifies opportunities for improvement. Participates in presenting patient care conferences.
•	Maintains infection control and safety awareness functions accordingly and initiates corrective action when indicated. Participates in disaster drills and codes.
•	Uses verbal and nonverbal communication that conveys respect for the patient, family, visitors and staff. Communicates verbal, written information in an accurate, concise and timely manner. Meets additional requirements for specialized units as defined when hired.
•	Demonstrates knowledge and ability to perform and assist in the following procedures- Defibrillation and cardioversion, Temporary pacemaker, Endotracheal intubation and extubation, Set up management of CVP & double lumen insertion Cut down catheterization, Chest tube insertion, Arterial cannulation, Pleural Tapping
•	Knowledge and understanding of medication use in ICU.
•	Efficiency in operating - Critical care bed, Cardiac monitor, Mechanical Ventilator, ECG machines, Infusion pumps, Syringe pumps, Defibrillator CRRT.
•	Able to initiate and maintain ACLS measures (if trained). Able to function as member of the unit and hospital CPR team. Knowledgeable in the function of crash cart and defibrillator.
Skills
Specialty Qualifications/ Professional Experience:-
•	Baccalaureate degree in Nursing/ Diploma in Nursing.
•	Graduate from recognized college of nursing.
•	Registration in country of origin.
•	MOH License to work in KSA
•	Two years’ experience after graduation.
•	Training experience in intensive care unit.
•	Good command of English and Arabic preferred.
•	With a thorough knowledge, skills and techniques of good patient care, with adequate technical vocabulary .
•	BCLS & ACLS licensed.
Job Details
Job Location:
Eastern Province, Saudi Arabia
Company Industry:
Healthcare, Practitioner and Technician
Company Type:
Recruitment Agency
Job Role:
Healthcare/Medical
Joining Date:
2014-06-30
Employment Status:
Full time
Employment Type:
Employee
Monthly Salary Range:
Unspecified
Manages Others:
Yes
Number of Vacancies:
1
Preferred Candidate
Career Level:
Mid Career
Years of Experience:
Min: 2
Residence Location:
Unspecified
Gender:
Female
Degree:
Unspecified
Date Posted: 2014/05/04 15:58:47
Ref. JB3047198
Similar Jobs
Recommended Courses
Invite Your
Friends to Bayt.com
Find Jobs
About Bayt.com
Bayt.com is the leading job site in the Gulf and Middle East, connecting job seekers with employers looking to hire.
Every day, thousands of new job vacancies are listed on the award-winning platform from the region's top employers.
Company
Quick Links
Follow
© 2000-2014 Bayt.com, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
-
Reproduction of material from any Bayt.com pages without written permission is strictly prohibited.