Consultant Otorhinolaryngologist-ENT Job in Eastern Province - Future Career Generator - Bayt.com
OK
Cancel
Loading...
Loading...
Jobs
Jobs
Salaries
People Companies Specialties
- All -
- All -Algeria (12)Bahrain (115)Dubai (1556)Egypt (497)Iraq (81)Jordan (391)Kuwait (740)Lebanon (250)Libya (16)Morocco (12)Oman (96)Pakistan (34)Qatar (1061)Saudi Arabia (2775)Sri Lanka (64)Tunisia (6)UAE (3584)Yemen (3)
Loading...
Menu - []
›
› Job Description
Consultant Otorhinolaryngologist-ENT
- ,
Date Posted: 2014/05/04 15:34:43
Ref. JB3047196
Job Description
On behalf of our client one of the leading Specialist Hospitals in Saudi Arabia we have an opening for a Consultant Otorhinolaryngologist-ENT.
Responsible to Chief of the Department.
Responsible for Residents and Specialists.
Practices conical Otorhinolaryngology, providing routine and emergency diagnostic and therapeutic care to all eligible patients. Participates in the planning and implementation of integral preventative-curative medical care programs.
Duties & Responsibilities
Clinician functions Individually, and as a member of the ENT division, providing the full range of diagnostic care for all disorders of the ears, nose, throat and head and neck regions, as appropriate, with medical treatment and surgical intervention being the active modalities of care. Pathology of these areas, evaluation and treatment, includes but is not limited to, congenital, developmental, infectious or inflammatory, neoplastic, and traumatic presentations.
•	Performs professional duties of an Otorhinolaryngologist.
•	Provides consultation to other physicians when the problems fall into the field of ear, nose, throat, head and neck surgery, and require the attention of a specialist. This includes diagnosis and treatment if patient's primary problem is in this field.
•	Completes medical records promptly indicating diagnosis, treatment,
and future courses of action. Records must conform, to established requirements.
•	Participates in all group conferences requiring
the viewpoint and opinions of this specialty regarding difficult medical cases.
•	Collaborates with other departmental personnel in planning programs integrating the curative and preventive aspects of total patient care.
Responsible for the operation of approved curative-preventive programs as they relative to his particular field.
•	Daily answers questions concerning irregular work and problems that arise in the group such as handling technical, safety and accident problems.
•	Monitors work of other assigned staff to the Otorhinolaryngology Service for quality, quantity, correctness, etc., demonstrating procedures or recommending additional training as required.
•	Attends staff meetings and participates in in-service activities as requested.
•	Contacts supervisor for clarification or to keep him informed of unusual situations or problems encountered and actions taken.
•	Assures that all medical regulations are observed by assigned personnel to the degree delegated by supervisor.
•	 Advises
assigned
personnel
as
concerns
all matters necessary to harmonious relationships.
•	Advises assigned personnel as concerns infringement of medial or Company rules that prevent assignments or responsibilities of the group to be properly met.
•	Advises supervisor on assigned personnel's performance and other administrative matters so that appropriate action may be taken.
•	Performs other miscellaneous related duties as requested.
Skills
Specialty Qualifications/ Professional Experience	:-
•	Graduation from an approved medical school MD plus internship and 4 years of residency
•	Possession of a valid license to practice medicine; certification by the State Board of Otorhinolaryngoloqy or equivalent education and professional qualifications.
•	Current medical license from Saudi Arabia
•	At least 2 or more years' exclusive practice of otorhinolaryngology since certification, or if a
recent graduate, will practice under the observation and consultation of the Chief of the Department until the required level of expertise and experience has been achieved.
•	Diplomas or degrees are not recognized in lieu of membership
•	Excellent command of oral and written English and Arabic.
•	Knowledge of industrial otorhinolaryngology is desirable. Must be well versed in principles and practices of industrial medicine.
•
Job Details
Job Location:
Eastern Province, Saudi Arabia
Company Industry:
Healthcare, Practitioner and Technician
Company Type:
Recruitment Agency
Job Role:
Healthcare/Medical
Joining Date:
2014-06-30
Employment Status:
Full time
Employment Type:
Employee
Monthly Salary Range:
Unspecified
Manages Others:
Yes
Number of Vacancies:
1
Preferred Candidate
Career Level:
Management
Years of Experience:
Min: 15
Residence Location:
Unspecified
Gender:
Unspecified
Degree:
Bachelor's degree / higher diploma
Date Posted: 2014/05/04 15:34:43
Ref. JB3047196
Recommended Courses
Invite Your
Friends to Bayt.com
Find Jobs
About Bayt.com
Bayt.com is the leading job site in the Gulf and Middle East, connecting job seekers with employers looking to hire.
Every day, thousands of new job vacancies are listed on the award-winning platform from the region's top employers.
Company
Quick Links
Follow
© 2000-2014 Bayt.com, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
-
Reproduction of material from any Bayt.com pages without written permission is strictly prohibited.