HR Business Partner Commercial‎ job - Mobilink GSM (PMCL) - Karachi | Indeed.com.pk
What:
Where:
job title, keywords or company
city or province
HR Business Partner Commercial‎
Mobilink GSM (PMCL)
-
Karachi
Ideal candidate should:
Hold a Master’s degree in Human Resource, Business Administration or related field.
Have at least 4-7 years of relevant work experience.
Relationship Management experience (HRM Certifications will be an added advantage).
Job Description
Work with the Lead Business Partner and the nationwide HRBP team to promote a philosophy of putting customer needs first at every opportunity and to put in place operational excellence initiatives within HR to achieve it.
Ensure that the right talent is acquired, managed and developed in the organization using HR systems and processes in collaboration with the line managers.
Conduct and monitor Employee Engagement Survey and its action plan in respective divisions and measure the success of key initiatives.
Develop Employee engagement activities to address pain points identified with the help of Line Management and maintain a healthy morale for the Commercial division-North.
Identify learning gaps and developmental needs and act as a channel to communicate learning needs to appropriate units.
Measuring the effectiveness of the learning programmes provided to the Commercial departments.
Manage and resolve complex employee relations issues and grievances in a professional and effective manner.
Conduct effective, thorough and objective investigations when required.
Consolidate and review HR KPIs in partnership with other HR teams in order to identify required improvements and provide updates on monthly basis.
Advise line management on policies and procedures and provide effective solutions to cater to business requirements
Manage reward and recognition processes and tools and ensure utilization for effective results
Identify and anticipate client needs and make recommendations for implementation.
Essential Skills
Should have strong strategic and analytical skills
Should have strong communication and interpersonal skills
Should have sound coaching and counseling skills Desirable Skills:
Should be able to plan and organize tasks effectively
Should have strong decision making and problem solving skills
Should be proficient in operating MS Office Suite
Rozee
- 4 days ago
-
save job
-
»
Recommended Jobs
360 Training -
Karachi
360 Training - 30+ days ago
For jobs in the United States, please visit
-
-
-
©2014 Indeed -