Teach abroad in the UAE with the IAT | Teach Abroad: Teach English Abroad with Footprints Recruiting
Mobile Menu
Search form
Search
You are here
Teach abroad in the UAE with the IAT
With so much to gain in professional development, life experience and financial advancement, teachers with industry experience interested in the United Arab Emirates should consider teaching abroad at the Institute of Applied Technology (IAT) through Footprints Recruiting.
If you are a certified teacher interested in teaching young adults and ready to take your career to the next level, this opportunity is for you.
IAT, the Institute of Applied Technology, is seeking more than 400 experienced teachers to educate the future scientists, engineers and technicians of the UAE. The Institute offers Career-based Technical Education (CTE) in English at the secondary and tertiary levels. The client’s seven campuses are located in Abu Dhabi, Al Ain, Dubai, Ras Al Khaima and Al Fujairah; with its directorate located in Abu Dhabi.
More state-of-the-art high schools and polytechnic facilities are being built in Abu Dhabi; they are seeking teachers to start in August, 2014 and the following school year.
Teaching abroad at the Institute of Applied Technology is a great decision as it puts you in a rapidly growing organization with state of the art facilities:
It lets you work with an international team of professionals with industry experience and
Earns you a generous, tax-free salary on top of a comprehensive benefits package.
Teachers heading for the Institute of Applied Technology will be both challenged and rewarded as well as gain invaluable experience and memories working on developing the future of their students.
Quick Facts:
Salary: 3500+ USD/mo based on experience
Paid Vacation, Relocation Allowance, Housing Allowance, Health Insurance for family, and more, all included
Upcoming interviews to be held in:
City/Venue
Date
London
To be determined
New York
May 10 - 12
Chicago
To be determined
Others
To be determined
RT
Are we still in the early adoption phase or have we moved past that?
—
2 hours 37 min ago
Fair enough. Where should educators begin? Any helpful resources, tips and tricks? :D
—
2 hours 40 min ago
Sign up for our Newsletter & Job Alerts here by typing your email