Editor, Time Out Dubai jobs, Dubai, Unspecified | Guardian Jobs
Editor, Time Out Dubai
Employer:
Posted:
08 April 2014
Location:
Dubai
Industry:
,
,
Level:
Senior Executive
Contract:
Permanent
Hours:
Full Time
Salary:
Unspecified
2 days left
People who viewed this job also viewed
£40000 - £46000 per annum
Unspecified
£28000.00 - £30000.00 per annum + excellent benefits package
25.50 p/h
Competitive
Editor, Time Out Dubai
Time Out Dubai is looking for an experienced editor with a proven track record in lifestyle journalism.
The position is on a market-leading, weekly magazine based in Dubai and the ideal candidate should have worked at least five years on an international lifestyle title as an editor or deputy editor and have more than ten years journalistic experience. Some experience of editing a weekly magazine is preferable.
An excellent eye for detail is a must, as is a flair for creating sparkling copy on a deadline, superb time and team management skills and, of course, the ability to direct the editorial output of the magazine. Working with a small, talented team, the successful candidate will be responsible for creating one of the region’s best selling magazines and cover food, nightlife, travel, arts, culture and current affairs. Additionally the editor will drive excellence in current brand extensions such as awards and supplements as well as possessing the vision to create and deliver future products.
The candidate will be an ambassador for the Time Out brand in Dubai and be expected to work with sales and marketing teams to deliver commercial as well as editorial excellence.
To apply please submit your CV via the button below.
You should never need to provide bank account details or any other financial information, or make any
form of payment, when applying for a job. If you are ever asked to do this by a recruiter on our
site please email
© 2008 - 2014 Guardian News and Media Limited, all rights reserved. Powered by Madgex .
This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies.