Bahauddin Zakariya University, Multan Jobs 2014 - SialTV.PK
Most Popular Site in Pakistan
May2
The Bahauddin Zakariya University, Multan recently announced some of vacant posts in the Department of Saraiki. The candidate who are fit for the posts can welcome to apply and Join the Institute to work for the nation.
Jobs in Government Department is most popular Jobs in Pakistan. Everyone ant to get Government Job. This time SIALTV.PK share with our Users the Letest Job in Educational Institute in Multan.
Applications are invited from Pakistani Nationals for the following posts at Bahauddin Zakariya University, Multan:-
Additional Director (Media & Publication) For Saraiki Area Study Centre
Museum Incharge / Curator For Saraiki Area Study Centre
Engineer For Saraiki Area Study Centre
Chemist For Saraiki Area Study Centre
Sound Recordist For Saraiki Area Study Centre
Floor Manager For Saraiki Area Study Centre
Research Associate
Archaeology
Cultural Studies
Saraiki (language & Literature)
Linguistics (English, Saraiki)
Last date for receipt of applications is 15th May, 2014 in the office of the Registrar during office hours.
Share this:
0 Comments
You can be the first one to leave a comment.
Leave a Comment
Name: *required
Email: *required
Website:
Comment:
Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email.
Author
Muhammad Asad Sial is a founder of SialTV.PK. I am the admin of the website. I am interested in getting great content on Pakistan, Cricket and ongoing trends.
Like us on Facebook
Join Us
Latest
Popular
1448 comments
779 comments
193 comments
119 comments
68 comments
Comments
3g dstit shangla may kab start hoga …
plz mera colege roll num 558 hai kasur mai degree colg ki st…
m.yousafdilshadqureshi.plzz.sed.me.my.1styear,roll.9um.slip.…
sir kb result ayega? …
for what date the edicon asia
scholer ship result wiil anno…
Latest TweetsAmir Khan vs Luis Collazo Boxing Match Live Streaming on PTV Sports
Warid announced 4G LTE Network Launch Soon in Pakistan
Jawad Ahmed announced formation of political party ‘Barabari’
Bahauddin Zakariya University, Multan Jobs 2014
Edcon Asia Scholarship NTS Test Result 2014
by
Copyright © 2014 SialTV.PK. All Rights Reserved.