PUBLISHING DIRECTOR, ARABIAN BUSINESS jobs, Dubai, Competitive | Guardian Jobs
PUBLISHING DIRECTOR, ARABIAN BUSINESS
Employer:
Posted:
08 April 2014
Location:
Dubai
Industry:
,
Level:
Senior Executive
Contract:
Permanent
Hours:
Full Time
Salary:
Competitive
2 days left
People who viewed this job also viewed
Unspecified
Competitive
Available on request
Competitive
Unspecified
JOB ADVERT: PUBLISHING DIRECTOR, ARABIAN BUSINESS
ITP Executive is looking for an inspirational, innovative and creative Publishing Director to drive top line growth and above-budget profits for the Middle East’s leading business-to-consumer brand, Arabian Business.
The successful candidate will oversee a wide range of products in English and Arabic across multiple mediums, including print, conferences, and awards programmes. The portfolio currently incorporates two weekly magazines, five monthlies, and multiple events.
In addition to the products, the Publishing Director will be responsible for the performance, development and motivation of a large multi-cultural and multi-discipline team. Travel throughout the region will be a core part of the job, including trips to Saudi Arabia.
Applicants will be proven leaders, excellent managers, and have an outstanding pedigree across a variety of roles, from setting commercial strategy, managing profit and loss, overseeing operations, and ensuring all publishing departments run efficiently and effectively.
Only passionate, hungry, ambitious and target-focused applicant need apply.
Based in the tax-free coastal city of Dubai, the role offers a competitive basic salary and bonus scheme, as well as core benefits, including medical.
To apply please submit your CV via the button below.
You should never need to provide bank account details or any other financial information, or make any
form of payment, when applying for a job. If you are ever asked to do this by a recruiter on our
site please email
© 2008 - 2014 Guardian News and Media Limited, all rights reserved. Powered by Madgex .
This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies.