GulfTalent.com
Reception and Administration Assistant
Bin Drai Enterprises
Dubai, UAE
Posted on: 4 May 2014
THE ROLE
Expand all
1. Receive all visitors to the company, ensuring that their requirements are promptly dealt with and that they are given a favorable impression of the company.
2.Supervise the collection and delivery of incoming and outgoing mail to ensure that it is promptly delivered to the correct addresses, internally and externally. This included express post.
3. Observe all necessary security arrangements.
4. Manage beverages for office guests and CEO requirements daily.
5. Arrange snacks and refreshments as required for
VIP meetings.
6. Ensure reception s kept in a tidy manner at all times.
7. Maintain kitchen supplies and ensure it is kept clean at all times.
8. Maintain brochures, magazines and front reception reading material.
9. Manage photocopy machines and office supplies as required.
10. Manage telephone enquiries on behalf of the company and ensure telephone is attended to at all times.
11. Ensure telephone calls are introduced to the relevant person prior to being transferred.
12. Translation of Arabic and English documentation.
13. Arrange Conference and boardroom bookings.
14. Greet visitors and direct them to the appropriate department.
15. Distribute correspondence to relevant department.
16. Directs tenants to the appropriate person or department.
17. Prepare requisition for offices supplies, furniture, equipment and services for repair.
18. Manage Flight Bookings and LPO’s in coordination with Human Resources Department
19. Manage all stationary requirements and Office Supplies as required.
20. Support several departments within Head Office to ensure daily requirements are meet
21. Assists and support day to day functions of the office.
22. Ensure the office is maintained and presentable at all times throughout the day.
23. Assist the PRO’s with certain day to day tasks in coordination with Human Resources
REQUIREMENTS
Minimum 5 years experience at Front Office
Arabic and English is essential
Competent Microsoft Office
Professional Appearance
Excellent Interpersonal Skills
Excellent Telephone Manner
Meet Deadlines
Immediate Start preferred
Working Week - Sunday to Thursday
ABOUT THE COMPANY
Established in the late 1970s, Bin Drai Enterprises is a successfully diversified family business headquartered in Dubai, United Arab Emirates. Focussing in the early years mainly in the sectors of construction and engineering, our Family Office now has investments across a broad range of sectors including education, manufacturing, leisure, retail, sport, finance, logistics, shipping and real estate.
Send
Candidates who applied for this job also applied for:
|
|