GulfTalent.com
Executive Secretary to the CEO
Mackenzie Jones
Dubai, UAE
Posted on: 4 May 2014
THE ROLE
Expand all
Our client is a Government company who are currently looking to recruit an Office Manager for their offices in Dubai. Our client prides themselves on having proactive, passionate employees working within their superb infrastructure.
The successful candidate will be required to provide professional administrative and secretarial support to the CEO and staff of the (sector/department) to ensure that services are provided in efficient and effective manner.
Performs a variety of administrative or executive support tasks that are highly confidential and sensitive.
Reads, analyzes, sorts, and distributes incoming correspondence to the related internal / external parties and follow up.
Receives and screens incoming calls and visitors, determines which are priority matters, and alerts the administrator or executive accordingly. Makes referrals to appropriate staff to provide requested information.
Files and retrieves documents, records, and reports as per the document control processes.
Performs general office duties such as ordering office supplies, maintaining staff attendance records with the concerned departments.
Plans and organizes CEO’s
internal and external meetings including ; prepares agendas , presentations , takes minutes and/or keeps record of proceedings.
Coordinates and facilitates the CEO’s calendar to arrange appointments, greet visitors at all level of seniority.
Assists with the establishments, revisions and maintenance of office procedures and policies.
Reviews, proofreads, and edits documents prepared for the CEO’s signature.
Handles CEO’s travel arrangements makes travel arrangements; prepares itineraries; prepares, compiles and maintains travel records.
Carries out specific projects and research as assigned by the CEO.
Performs related tasks as assigned.
REQUIREMENTS
Arabic speaker essential
Interpersonal and organizing skills
Organization, time management
Interpersonal and communication
ABOUT THE COMPANY
Mackenzie Jones Middle East has decades of HR, Marketing, Finance & Accounting, Sales, Secretarial & Business Support, Management Consulting and Engineering recruitment expertise. Along with a deep understanding of key market sectors and regions, we never forget to treat clients, companies and candidates as individuals who have unique needs.
So we always listen, constantly learn, occasionally challenge and frequently advise. It’s all part of a service renowned for its courtesy, consideration and dedication.
Based in Dubai since 2006, our office covers the GCC and Levant countries and with the right regional expertise, we are the leading specialists.
We’re growing rapidly because people appreciate our honesty, commitment and results.
Areas of specialties we recruit for are: Human Resources, Finance & Accounting, Marketing, Sales, Secretarial & Business Support, Executive Search, Banking & Financial Services, Management Consulting and Engineering.
Send
Candidates who applied for this job also applied for:
|
|