PR & Marketing Manager at Crowne Plaza Dubai
|
|
|
Job Description:
Job: Marketing -United Arab Emirates Schedule: Full Time JobID: DUB002254-EN What's your passion? Whether you're into swimming, shopping or singing karaoke, at InterContinental Hotels Group (IHG) we're interested in YOU! We want people who apply the same amount of interest and passion to their jobs as they do to their hobbies - people who put our guests at the heart of everything they do.   The Crowne Plaza Dubai is an upscale hotel brand located along Sheikh Zayed Road with over 570 rooms, 12 international restaurants and bars, and has one of the largest meeting, conference and banqueting facilities in the UAE.   We are currently searching for a PR & Marketing Manager responsible for initiating, driving, conception, and execution of the hotel's marketing activities and community relations plan. This will also include facilitating any campaigns or branding required of the hotel though press releases, media outlets, direct mail, advertising and marketing. You'll devise and implement the hotels' marketing plan including loyalty and partnership marketing, sponsorship, web and distribution marketing. You'll also analyze the return on investment for each marketing campaign, develop strategic tactical campaigns to drive need periods and act as brand champion to ensure compliance to brand standards.   This exciting role will lead the development and execution of marketing programs, promotions and communications for assigned marketing segment.  A successful candidate in this role will ensure that marketing programs are operationally feasible at all levels. You should have an educational degree, Bachelor's or Master's Degree in Marketing, Business, or a relevant field of work, or an equivalent combination of education and work-related experience. 8+ years' progressive work-related experience in marketing, advertising, and/or hotel industry experience related to sales and/or marketing, with demonstrated proficiency in multiple disciplines/processes related to the position. A professional, a drive for results and analytical thinking are desired.   In return we offer competitive pay and benefits, and a chance to work with a great team of talented people. Most importantly, we'll give you the Room to be yourself.   So what's your passion? Please get in touch if this position matches your skills and interests and tell us how you could bring your individual competencies by clicking 'Apply Online'.   We are an equal opportunity employer.
Job Requirements:
Preferred skills - Social media marketing.  Demonstrated ability to leverage resources across an organization.
Other Information - Majority of work is performed in a normal office environment.
You must meet the legal requirements to work in this country.
This hotel is managed by
InterContinental Hotels Group
Job Overview
Base Pay:
N/A
Other Pay:
Employee Type:
Full-Time
Manages Others:
Job Type:
Other Marketing Management
Required Education:
Not Specified
Required Experience:
Not Specified
Required Travel:
Not Specified
Relocation Covered:
Not Specified
Reference ID:
DUB002254-EN
Location:
AE-Dubai
As a member of IHG Rewards you have more choices for redeeming points than any other hotel loyalty program in the world. Redeem your points for Reward Night stays at 4,400 IHG(R) hotels, airline miles and tickets, car rentals, merchandise, gift cards and more. To become a member, visit