Digital Account Manager – 4Afrika Job in Kenya - Wunderman - Bayt.com
OK
Cancel
Loading...
Loading...
Jobs
Jobs
Salaries
People Companies Specialties
- All -
- All -Algeria (12)Bahrain (115)Dubai (1556)Egypt (497)Iraq (81)Jordan (391)Kuwait (740)Lebanon (250)Libya (16)Morocco (12)Oman (96)Pakistan (34)Qatar (1061)Saudi Arabia (2775)Sri Lanka (64)Tunisia (6)UAE (3584)Yemen (3)
Loading...
Menu - []
›
› Job Description
Digital Account Manager – 4Afrika
-
Date Posted: 2014/05/04 13:32:11
Ref. JB3047154
Job Description
The Wunderman team is looking for an online professional to help to drive business results for Microsoft (and especially ).
We think across products, segments and audience groups to provide a truly One-Microsoft perspective to the users. Ideal candidates demonstrate strong web, social media, analytic and project management experience.
Position mission:
Managing Microsoft 4Afrika Initiative campaigns (4afrika) content with
being a center point, across all the African continent (from North Africa, Egypt, Western, Eastern and Central Africa to South Africa), focusing on providing great content and customer experiences, respecting the actual guidelines and compliance policies at the same time. As extended part of the Microsoft 4Afrika community and, in extend, to the MEA CMO team, our group is focused on enabling 4Afrika field leaders to drive online operation excellence across the continent.
Skills
You will work closely with the team members in Nairobi, but also being connected with team members located in Dubai, Beirut and Cairo - whole range of departments from strategy to creative, studio, and Web development, in order to forecast, achieve and improve measurable outcomes mainly through online marketing activities.
You will be responsible for the accomplishment of projects (both 4Afrika wide and country specific) and involved from conception to execution, up to evaluation and optimization. Within the project management and beyond, you will be the responsible contact to drive customer experience on 4afrika by ensuring high quality information architecture and content.
Drive business results on
through analysis and insights, based on Microsoft internal tools as well as on external sources. Report to Microsoft 4Afrika team on a regular basis, giving actionable recommendations using all online channels.
Role related Core Skills:
•	Thrives in and can drive results in a complex, multi-site, multi-stakeholder publishing environment; loves the creativity, energy, and enthusiasm of a fast, collaborative, innovative team.
•	Deep understanding of digital marketing practices including: Web, video, social media, blog, wiki, digital events, digital advertising, syndication, RSS, newsletter/email, click-to-chat/talk, widget/gadget/app, pod/vod-cast, SEA, SEO, & others.
•	Voracious appetite for exploring, learning and adopting new and innovative digital marketing strategies that drive deep, repeated customer engagement.
•	Is capable to master key aspects of business-driven Web publishing (strategy, content, and project management) for diverse business audiences.
•	Has understanding of integrated marketing practices/principles, and understands their application to the Web.
•	Has strong analytical, and project-management skills, is able to manage multiple projects simultaneously
•	Knowledge of Microsoft tools related to campaign setup, execution and measurement are a plus
•	Basic HTML and Web design skills are a plus
General skills:
•	Open to work with other cultures and driving international results
•	Exceptional communication ability
•	Exceptional attention to detail
This job is posted in the following Specialties:
Education
Bachelor's degree in marketing, communications, or related field
Job Details
Job Location:
Kenya
Company Industry:
Advertising; Marketing
Company Type:
Employer (Private Sector)
Job Role:
Marketing/PR
Joining Date:
Unspecified
Employment Status:
Full time
Employment Type:
Employee
Monthly Salary Range:
Unspecified
Manages Others:
Unspecified
Number of Vacancies:
1
Preferred Candidate
Career Level:
Mid Career
Years of Experience:
Max: 3
Residence Location:
Kenya
Gender:
Unspecified
Nationality:
Unspecified
Degree:
Bachelor's degree / higher diploma
About This Company
Wunderman is the global leader in creating programs that build brands,
shape customer experiences and generate action to direct marketing.
Wunderman, the integrated channel marketing experts, offer a range
of speciality services, ranging from CRM and direct marketing to promotions
and events. With over 30 local and regional clients, Wunderman is the
fastest growing and most awarded direct marketing agency in the region.
With offices in six countries and over 130 employees.
Wunderman is part of MENACOM Group.
It is the largest Marketing and Media organization in the Middle East, managing reputable companies such as ‘Team Y&R;’ - ‘Mediaedge:CIA’ - ‘Wunderman’ - ‘Intermarkets’ - ‘Tattoo’ - ‘Asdaa’ - and ‘Polaris’. This service industry is highly creative and young which creates an invigorating work environment. With the growth of business in the Middle East, our aim is to attract, retain best talent and ensure competitive edge business advantage.
Over the last 20 years, MENACOM has built up its expertise and presence to be the largest Marketing Communication organization on the Middle East & North Africa.
MENACOM is made up of:
• Advertising agencies
• Public Relations agencies
• Direct Marketing specialists
• Media specialist
• Interactive specialists
Our offices are located in most major cities across the Middle East and North Africa serving over 260 clients with a growing professional team of over 1200.
Each MENACOM Company is a distinctive brand in their own right, with its own identity and own area of expertise. What they have in common is in harnessing intelligence, talent and experience to bring competitive advantage to their clients.
Date Posted: 2014/05/04 13:32:11
Ref. JB3047154
Recommended Courses
Invite Your
Friends to Bayt.com
Find Jobs
About Bayt.com
Bayt.com is the leading job site in the Gulf and Middle East, connecting job seekers with employers looking to hire.
Every day, thousands of new job vacancies are listed on the award-winning platform from the region's top employers.
Company
Quick Links
Follow
© 2000-2014 Bayt.com, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
-
Reproduction of material from any Bayt.com pages without written permission is strictly prohibited.