Assistant Store manager (Ladies Fashion) Job in Doha - Bayt.com
OK
Cancel
Loading...
Loading...
Jobs
Jobs
Salaries
People Companies Specialties
- All -
- All -Algeria (12)Bahrain (115)Dubai (1556)Egypt (497)Iraq (81)Jordan (391)Kuwait (740)Lebanon (250)Libya (16)Morocco (12)Oman (96)Pakistan (34)Qatar (1061)Saudi Arabia (2775)Sri Lanka (64)Tunisia (6)UAE (3584)Yemen (3)
Loading...
Menu - []
›
› Job Description
Assistant Store manager (Ladies Fashion)
Confidential Company - ,
Date Posted: 2014/05/04 13:30:09
Ref. JB3046963
Job Description
She / He should have experience in high end luxury brands such as (Christian Dior, Chanel)
•Liaison with principals/suppliers of brands assigned, plan and implement marketing platform,brand position, product forecast, merchandise flow, formalization of purchase orders. Keep detailed sales and stock reports etc.
•Ensure stocks availability within reasonable inventory levels
•Issue a year Business Plan and budget for the Fashion department and propose a development plan and marketing budget for each major Brand.
•Control that sale objectives are reached, business development achievement done in terms of quality, quantity and market shares.
•Report monthly to the VP of the activity evolution (sales, network, stock, margin, cost, marketing program & advertising).
•Monitor market trends within the sectors of activity and follow all markets changes and key players.
•Work closely with the quality control manager on competition and market analysis
•Submit advertising plans and budgets and provide advertising department with all requested material after Plans/Budget approval.
•Maintain relationship with Brands and report to the main ones on the results and business development on the territory.
•Control purchases and stock level according to established company rules and check regularly the inventory level,
•Control the Brand(s) and product knowledge of sales staff in collaboration with Brands.
•Organizes any fashion event such as product launches or new store opening.
Skills
•	Enjoy working with people
•	self-driven
•	self-starter
•	Excellent communication skills
•	Good presentation skills
•	Motivation and drive
•	Creative
•	Willing to work as part of a team
Job Details
Job Location:
Doha, Qatar
Company Industry:
Retail/Wholesale
Company Type:
Employer (Private Sector)
Job Role:
Other
Joining Date:
Unspecified
Employment Status:
Unspecified
Employment Type:
Unspecified
Monthly Salary Range:
Unspecified
Manages Others:
Unspecified
Number of Vacancies:
1
Preferred Candidate
Career Level:
Management
Years of Experience:
Min: 3 Max: 5
Residence Location:
Unspecified
Gender:
Unspecified
Nationality:
Unspecified
Degree:
Unspecified
Date Posted: 2014/05/04 13:30:09
Ref. JB3046963
Recommended Courses
Invite Your
Friends to Bayt.com
Find Jobs
About Bayt.com
Bayt.com is the leading job site in the Gulf and Middle East, connecting job seekers with employers looking to hire.
Every day, thousands of new job vacancies are listed on the award-winning platform from the region's top employers.
Company
Quick Links
Follow
© 2000-2014 Bayt.com, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
-
Reproduction of material from any Bayt.com pages without written permission is strictly prohibited.