Secretarial admin / office manager ,
Dubai
Check your inbox to know about employers who showed interest in your profileSee the names of companies who view your resume, Consider your resume and Contacted with you.Seeker Services Learning Center About XpressResume+Put Your Career in Gear with Monster Career Services. We have got: to help you knock out the competition by showcasing your most marketable skills and strengths with a strategically written resume. to let you determine your personality, career & areas of improvement.
Career Advice Stand out from the job searching crowd with a unique combination of skills, experience, attributes and career advice from Monster. Monster helps you formulate better career decisions by offering numerous career tips for a successful job interview, resume creation, salary and much more.In addition, we have recently introduced interesting and informative sections like
and
to help you stay in step with job trends and accelerate your self-learning.
Job Summary
Company Name
Company Name Confidential
Locations
Dubai
Nationality
Afghanistan, Albania, Algeria, American Samoa, And...
Experience
1 - 8 years
Keywords / Skills
Personal assistant; secretarial; office administrator
Education
High School or Equivalent, Bachelor's Degree, Master's Degree, Diploma, Certification/Professional qualification
Function
• Sales/ Business Development • Admin/Secretarial
Role
• Administration Executive • Receptionist/ Front Desk • Secretarial • Executive Secretary/Personal Assistant
Industry
Any
Salary
6000 - 10000 DRM
Posted On
4th May 2014
Share this job
Rate this job
Secretarial admin / office manager
Company Name Confidential
Share this job
Apply
Job Description Responsibilities include opening and closing office in timely manner, ordering/picking up office supplies, answering phone calls and emails in a courteous professional business manner; completing and ordering VISA requirements for company guests; organizing business contacts for CEO in folder and excel. Must be familiar with excel, word documents, and powerpoint presentations. Must be able to type business/thank you letters. Fluency in english language is a must; typing and verbal fluency in English is a must. UAE Drivers license or foreign license is an asset in order to fulfill responsibilities of running errands. Expected to dress in professional or smart casual business attire to office. Office and working hours strictly : 9am-5pm Sunday to Thursday. Weekends and evenings are time off, including holiday and vacation days.
Key Skill(s)
Apply Without Registration
For Jobs Seekers
Jobs By Functions
Jobs By Location
About Our Site
© 2012 Monster - All Rights Reserved - U.S. Patent No. 5,832,497 - NYSE:
Toll Free No.: 8000177030, Toll No.: +91 40 6611 6993 / +91 40 3057 6993, Email ID: