Events Manager (International Trade) : Another job on . BAC Middle East - Executive Recruitment
Events Manager (International Trade)
Preferred Job Type:Job Category:Job Level:, Job Locations:Location:Unspecified
Salary Description:
Upto 25000
Posted:
04/05/2014
Job Ref:
ADJ1404-62
My client is an international trade company who is looking for an ARABIC speaking Exhibitions/Event Executive for their Dubai office.
You will be a target driven character, experience managing P&L will be beneficial as well as experience managing sales, marketing and operations teams. As Exhibitions/Events Executive you will be responsible for managing and organizing events and exhibitions internationally. You will accurately report sales activity and sales results maintaining up to date and accurate forecasting. Liaising closely with the operations team you will need to closely manage floor plans to benefit each client and co-ordinate this between teams. This fantastic role will also give you exposure to marketing and you will need to recommend marketing initiatives to promote the event and provide recommendations for the visitor campaign. MINIMUM 5 YEARS EXPERIENCE! Please send me your CV in WORD with your notice period.
Alternative Job Searches
You may return to your current .
Quick Search
Job Category:
Job Category
Any
Administration, Secretarial and Support Jobs
Banking & Financial Services Jobs
Construction & Architecture Jobs
Consultancy Jobs
Customer Services Jobs
Education & Training Jobs
Engineering & Technical Jobs
Executive (Director / C-Level) Jobs
Exhibitions & Conferences Jobs
Finance & Accounting Jobs
Health & Safety / Quality Management Jobs
Healthcare & Pharmaceutical Jobs
Hospitality & Tourism Jobs
Human Resources Jobs
IT / Telecom Jobs
Legal Jobs
Management Jobs
Marketing, PR & Communications Jobs
Media, Design & Creative Jobs
Oil & Gas Jobs
Procurement, Logistics & Supply Chain Jobs
Property & Real Estate Jobs
Retail Jobs
Sales Jobs
Shipping & Marine Services Jobs
Other Jobs
Job Locations:
Job Locations
Any
Abu Dhabi
Bahrain
Dubai
Jordan
Kuwait
Lebanon
Oman
Qatar
Saudi Arabia
Sharjah & Northern Emirates
Other
Preferred Job Type:
Preferred Job Type
Any
Permanent
Temporary
Keywords:
(e.g. Java Developer)
Posted Date
Any Date24 hours48 hours3 days5 days7 days14 days21 days28 days2 months3 months
Candidates:
or
Tel: 9714 - 4398500
30 years of executive recruitment
> Events Manager (International Trade)
Our Address
Office 601, Liberty House
Dubai International Financial Centre
P O Box 506798, Dubai, UAE.
Accreditations
Social Media
Latest Jobs
HOSPITALITY/FRONT OFFICE EXPEREINCE IS A MUST!
For a multinational training institute.
You will work closely with the Business Development Directors and Training Consultants to deliver exceptional...
06/05/2014 13:57:16
On behalf of our client, an exceptional toy, food and stationary product distributor in MENA market, we are looking to recruit a Sales Manager with native Arabic skills. Reporting to CEO, you will be...
06/05/2014 09:11:55
Quick Links
Quick Links
Copyright © 2012 - 2014 BAC Middle East.
by W4A
Jobweb
&
is developed by the Strategies Group Ltd.
Follow Strategies on Google+