Architect (Design / Authority Coordination) at Archcorp Architectural Engineering in Port Saeed, Dubai | GNcareers.com
FIND YOUR DREAM JOB
Accounting
Architecture & Design
Arts & Entertainment
Auto Industry
Aviation
Banking & Finance
Beauty, Health & Fitness
Biotechnology & Science
Customer Service
Domestic
Driving
Engineering & Construction
Government & Emiratisation
HR
Hospitality
IT
Insurance
Legal
Logistics
Managerial
Manufacturing & Production
Marketing & PR
Media
Medical
Miscellaneous
Oil & Gas
Purchasing & Procurement
Real Estate & Property Services
Retail & Wholesale
Sales & Business Development
Secretarial
Teaching
Technical & Skilled
Travel
This site requires javascript to be enabled.
[New User? ]
»
Architect (Design / Authority Coordination)
Archcorp Architectural Engineering
Location:
Dubai, Dubai
Date: 04-05-2014
Payrate: 12,000 To 18,000 Monthly (AED)
Salary Details:
EMPLOYEE BENEFITS:
Yearly Staff Performance Appraisal
Training / Skill Development Program
Career development / Succession Planning
30 Calendar days Annual vacation
Annual vacations return air-ticket for country of origin (staff only)
Medical Insurance (staff only)
End Service Benefits as per UAE labour Law
Leave Encashment
15 days paid sick leave (exclusive of Annual Leaves)
Visa & Labour Card (staff only)
Compassionate Time off
Employee Referral Benefit
Job Type: Employee
Job Status: Full Time
Categories:
Architecture & Design
Engineering & Construction
Archcorp Architectural Engineering
Please see Job Details for Apply instructions
Saved!
Job Details
Apply at: careers@archcorp.biz with your updated CV & Portfolio (max 10MB allowed)
Core Job Description Takes lead in technical matters of assigned project(s) or team up with other senior Architects for design development.
Provide design solutions and ensure compliance to local authority regulations and codes.
Design development / detailed design & technical coordination between all disciplines.
Lead or assist other lead Architects in design development  (concept / detailed design)
Review / preparation of authority submissions & follow up to obtain timely approvals.
Keep updating the team about all local authorities’ regulations and record keeping of the same.
Attending technical discussions at Municipality, dealing with authorities, design review and compliance with all the relevant code / authority.
General Expectations
Assist project manager to achieve accuracy while planning and scheduling in accordance to resource planning and project deadline.
Dealing with suppliers & contractors in accordance to project planning and Project Manager’s / Lead’s guidelines.
Detail design and supervision of the assigned draughts men and make necessary review, correction and guidelines with respect to agreed bench mark.
Traveling to site(s) to complete physical inspections and site surveys.
Specification writing up to date knowledge of materials and their applications.
Using CAD / BIM in design.
Collaborate with other team members to determine design needs and requirements for the project.
Evaluation of project scope of works and assist in the preparation of proposals.
Arrange meetings to review proposals and plans, making modifications or revisions as required.
Prepare & maintain project documents like correspondence, minutes of meeting, notes etc.
Allocation, distribution and follow up of task within the team, checking of works produced.
Works closely with relevant external parties and clients to ensure timely delivery according to plan.Preparing and presenting design proposals to the client.
Assist HR Manager in technical interviews during recruitment of staff in Architectural department.
Keep on learning new skills such as Revit Architecture, updated information and take necessary trainings as per modern practices in the relevant field and share with team and other disciplines organization wide.
Final remuneration shall be concluded solely on the basis of candidates talent, past experiences and organizational behavior evaluation during the interview.
Requirements
MUST HAVE:
+ Sound knowledge and experience in design development and dealing with local authorities.
+ Should be able to handle submission / approval procedures such as DM, JAFZA, TECOM, DEWA, RTA while Sharjah authorities knowledge will be an added advantage.
+ UAE Driving license and own car
+ At-least 10 years of overall experience 05 years in UAE
+ Completed at least 05 projects of some considerable repute at least 3 in UAE.
+ Should have hands on skills in AutoCAD. Knowledge and proficiency of Revit Architecture will be an added advantage.
Education: Graduate (B. Architecture / M. Architecture)
Skills: AutoCAD, Revit Architecture (preferable), Adobe Photoshop, MS Office & Detail Drafting skills.
View Similar Jobs:
View More Jobs in Dubai, Dubai:
View More Jobs in Dubai:
FEATURED JOBS
Company
Career Centre
This Site
© Copyright 2014 Al Nisr Publishing LLC - powered by Gulf News
|
|
|
|