GulfTalent.com
SME Business Process Manager – Al Futtaim Motors – Toyota
Al Futtaim Group
Dubai, UAE
Posted on: 4 May 2014
THE ROLE
Expand all
Al-Futtaim Motors are the sole distributors for Toyota, Lexus and Hino brands in the UAE. Since the company's inception in 1955 it holds the pre-eminent position of being the largest distributor of automotive products and services in the UAE. We also hold the distinction of being one of the largest private conglomerates in the gulf region.
Al Futtaim Motors enjoy's undisputed leadership in the UAE in terms of the largest number of vehicles on the road. Besides Toyota and Lexus, we also hold exclusive franchises for some of the world's top automobiles and automotive products like Hino - Japan's leading heavy-duty vehicle manufacturer, Toyo & Chen shin/ Maxxis tyres, GS & Panasonic batteries and many more.
Reporting to the Head of Business Process, the job purpose is to develop and sustain a culture (through behaviour, process & facilities) that delivers 'The AFM Way' within the Retail department across all AFM Toyota showrooms in the UAE.
The SME Business Process Manager
is responsible for ensuring that all AFM Toyota showrooms across the UAE deliver a truly 'world-class' customer experience through process, systems and behaviours. By ensuring that 'The AFM Way' becomes part of the DNA/culture at all showroom locations this in turn will be a key driver of our Customer Engagement and therefore our customer engagement score.
The role involves:
* Ensuring that all associates have been trained to Toyota Sales Certification standards including behavioural expectations. New recruits should to have a sales process induction including Fastrack training prior to being given system access.
* Identify and introduce best-practice with the goal of improving the customer experience in line with our Customer Service Values (CSV) statement.
* Establish an environment that embraces continuous improvement within the workplace by facilitating in-showroom workshops and role-play activity.
* Complete a facility review to ensure that the customer journey allows business to be conducted in line with our Customer Service Value (CSV) statement.
* Implement display and merchandising standards review to support the customer experience.
* Prepare budget requirements with justifications in relation to headcount and facility upgrades (CapEx) to support the customer experience.
* Reporting of showroom performance data in relation to areas that impact customer experience, process or associate behaviours. Showroom specific facility improvement requirements.
As such, the purpose of the role is three-fold:
Implement, embed and monitor 'The AFW Way' sales process within the showroom environment to ensure that AFM Toyota continually deliver a world class customer experience.
Install customer focused behaviour and ensure that it is embraced by all associates.
Improve the customer journey and ultimately the customer experience by ensuring that our facilities are designed to 'make it easy' for our customers to transact with AFM Toyota.
REQUIREMENTS
To apply for this role you should have the following skills, experiences and qualifications:
Minimum Qualifications and Knowledge:
* Languages: Fluent English, Arabic an Advantage.
* Showroom Knowledge including strong understanding of the end to end sales process supported by Fastrack.
* Ability to influence and gain commitment at all organizational levelsÂ
Minimum Experience:
* Automotive sales management experience within franchised environment.Â
Job-Specific Skills:
* Knowledge of how a showroom operates. Change management, Project prioritisation. Ability to identify best practice.
Behavioural Competencies:
Customer focused. Problem solving. Team player. Organised
ABOUT THE COMPANY
Established in the 1930's, the Al-Futtaim Group initially operated as a trading enterprise. Rapid development throughout the 1940's and 50's saw it establish itself regionally as an integrated commercial, industrial and services organisation, positioning itself one of the leading business houses in the lower Gulf region. Today, it operates collectively over 40 companies bearing the Al-Futtaim name, dominates many market segments in the UAE, and has expanded its sphere of operation to include Bahrain, Kuwait, Qatar, Oman and Egypt.
The Group comprises a diverse range of strategically positioned operating subsidiaries and associate companies, structured to give the Al-Futtaim Group the flexibility and versatility to keep ahead of local competition while keeping pace with the ever-evolving global business scenario. The Group’s continued investment in world-class systems technology is clear evidence of its commitment to maintain leading edge performance and service delivery.
The success of the Al-Futtaim Group can be attributed to a business approach that combines the ability to change with the traditional values of integrity, service and social responsibility that define its core business philosophy. This, linked with the Group’s belief in decentralisation, gives the heads of the operating companies a high degree of functional autonomy and authority, providing the Group with essential flexibility, and individual employees a clearly defined work culture and sense of responsibility.
Send
|
|