GulfTalent.com
Head of Risk
NSI & Bluefin Talent
Dubai, UAE
Posted on: 4 May 2014
THE ROLE
Expand all
My Client is a prestigious specialist emerging markets investment bank based in Dubai, bringing regional and international product offerings to the emerging markets. Their primary role is to provide financial intermediation and create investment opportunities for emerging markets investors looking to invest in their own markets and abroad, as well as international investors seeking opportunities in target emerging markets. They combine the standards of international best practice with regional expertise in all areas of their business. The main aspect of their business is Brokerage across product classes, i.e. Equity, Credit, Fixed income, FX.
They are currently seeking an experienced Head of Risk for the entire Group across all countries they operate in.
REQUIREMENTS
Requirements:
• Minimum of 15 years of experience in a role of similar capacity.
• Cross Asset Class product knowledge.
• Understanding of the brokerage business model.
• Experience in Emerging Markets is advantageous but not a prerequisite.
• Experience in Market Risk necessary, but a firm background in Liquidity Risk (ALM), Credit and Counterparty Risk, Operational Risk & Reputational Risk is essential as well.
• Proven ability to anticipate and identify risks and effective mitigants.
• An individual who can come on board and work effectively within a team based environment, contributing to the group's success.
ABOUT THE COMPANY
New Sourcing International (NSI) / Bluefin Talent have partnered so to offer a specialized recruitment solution in both the technology and financial services domain.
Working together as a specialist search and selection agency, we concentrate on 'blue chip' financial services & technology consulting organizations across London and the Middle East; focusing exclusively on Financial Services, IT and Risk. Being niche allows us to offer a premium search service, tailored to overcome the technically challenging nature of recruitment for the specialist functions that we work.
We are dedicated to representing 'best of breed' candidates in the region in our dedicated fields of employment. As such we are a leading outfit for placing ex-pats and internationally educated students in the region.
Our biggest unique selling point, is that we are steered by a dedicated team of ex-financial services and IT industry professionals. This allows us to offer a level of candidate pre-screening for roles, which is largely anomalous to the recruitment profession. Our ability to bridge the technical knowledge gap typical recruiters encounter, coupled with a thorough delivery process allows us to drive consistently superior results for our clients' sourcing requirements. Designed to provide a fast and efficient turnaround, we minimize the use of internal resources our clients spend vetting inadequate profiles, allowing them to quickly get back to focusing on their strategic goals.
Our strength lies not only in the specialist nature of our firm, but also in the commitment we show towards our clients and candidates. We endeavour to build long-term relationships and recognise the crucial nature of communication throughout the recruitment process. Excellence, integrity, respect and transparency are cornerstone to the culture we promote.
Send
|
|