GulfTalent.com
Senior Digital Account Manager
Kingston Stanley
Dubai, UAE
Posted on: 4 May 2014
THE ROLE
Expand all
Superb opportunity for a Senior Digital Account Manager to join this fearless advertising agency, based in Dubai.
This forward thinking agency is looking to expand, and as such are looking for a Senior Digital Account Manager to join their team. You’ll be the main point of contact for all clients and responsible for the timely delivery of all digital projects, whether that be digital strategy, website design and build including e-commerce and online campaigns.
REQUIREMENTS
As such you must have a proven track record gained from a digital agency and used to working on web design and build projects. Previous experience of working on social media projects would also be an advantage. You’ll also be helping the agency grow over the next few years, so are naturally enthusiastic, driven and have an entrepreneurial spirit, to help in those all-important pitches.
Furthermore you’ll be a natural communicator and thrive on building strong relationships, whilst still remaining calm under pressure.
So if this sounds like you please get in touch with your latest CV, and a brief explanation as to why you’re suited to the role. Please note due to the high volume of candidates we will only reply to those successful in their application.
ABOUT THE COMPANY
Kingston Stanley is a specialist independent Marketing Recruitment Consultancy, based in Dubai and servicing the Middle East and North Africa regions. We are committed to providing the highest levels of customer satisfaction leveraged through a truly personal service. With an in depth insight into the technical requirements, coupled with a commercial understanding to help your business grow, or to enhance your personal career.
Based in the region since 2006, we are viewed by our clients, candidates and competition as marketing recruitment experts. We specialise in jobs within: Advertising, Branding, Creative, Digital, Events, Emiratisation, Marketing, Media and Public Relations.
Send
|
|