GulfTalent.com
Marketing & Business Development Manager
Apple Search & Selection
Dubai, UAE
Posted on: 4 May 2014
THE ROLE
Expand all
Are you a creative individual? Are you overflowing with passion, energy and enthusiasm? Then this exciting new role is for you!
Our Client, an ever expanding regional law firm is searching for a Marketing and Business Development Manager, to join their Dubai operations.
REQUIREMENTS
The successful candidate will be degree qualified and have a minimum of six years working within a role that incorporates marketing and business development.
Experience working within a law firm or professional services environment is essential, as is experience of working within the UAE.
The role will incorporate working across events and will develop and implement marketing plans and campaigns, with the specific objective of increasing delegate, visitor and exhibitor numbers through effective communication, in addition to increasing sales for the company through effective business development.
This will require a person of outstanding creativity and vision, with great enthusiasm and the desire to develop and promote the company.
We regret to inform you that only successful candidates will be contacted.
ABOUT THE COMPANY
Apple Search & Selection offers a very personalised, executive recruitment service. Our fresh and honest approach to ensuring cultural and strategic fit between clients and the candidates we present is tailored to minimising the workload, releasing the pressure of decision making and significantly reducing the recruitment cycle time. We develop our business based on long-term relationships and have an excellent reputation for service delivery.
We are dedicated to providing our customers with an unparalleled level of care, professionalism, confidentiality and integrity and the service that we provide is constantly applauded by our clients and candidates alike, for our quality professional and courteous approach.
Send
Candidates who applied for this job also applied for:
|
|