Early Years Teacher - Dubai, UAE (24696237) - reed.co.uk
The UK's #1 job site.
Email
Password
Keep me signed in
Draft application
You haven't saved any jobs yet
Email saved jobs to:
Find a job
Search in job title only
Search
to
per annum
per hour
Permanent
Contract
Temporary
Full-time
Part-time
|
Early Years Teacher - Dubai, UAE
, United Arab Emirates
£25,000 - £32,000 per annum
49 applications
Job type:
Contract, full-time
Date:
9 April
Reference:
24696237
Duration:
3 Years renewable
Astute Education specialise in recruiting contracted and permanent staff to Nurseries, Primary, Middle, Secondary and Further Education establishments around the world. One of our clients in Dubai, UAE a well-established privately owned International school
is looking to appoint a qualified Early Years Teacher to start in August 2014 due to an increase in numbers in the EY Department. The primary school educates expatriate children, international pupils from over 30 Nationalities plus the local Dubai community, following the National Curriculum of England and Wales for children from age’s three to eleven. You will have a flexible approach,
be committed to high standards and be prepared to participate in all aspects of school life. The school has excellent facilities, offering a grass playing field, multipurpose hall, swimming pool, shaded play areas, an ICT suite and music rooms. The school is committed to providing a happy, safe learning environment with a feeling of belonging and
pride that all stakeholders can embrace. Requirements Recent Home / International Early Years teaching experience UK qualified Degree and Primary teaching qualification (Cert Ed, PGCE, BA Hons with QTS) Experienced and Newly qualified teachers welcome to apply Package Tax free salary (£25k to £32k) Two year contract (renewable) Free Furnished Apartment Annual return flights Free medical health cover Dubai, UAE One of the seven emirates that make up the United Arab Emirates, Dubai is an independent city-state and is the most modern and progressive emirate in the UAE, developing at an unbelievable pace in the tourist and trade sectors especially. There's never been a better time to teach in the UAE. If you're adventurous, seeking a challenge and want to work in a diverse and fascinating country, now is your chance. This is an excellent opportunity to work in school reform in a country that is advancing very quickly and introducing a modern, world-class education system. It is also a great opportunity to extend your teaching skills, work alongside teachers from all
over the world and make a significant impact on student outcomes. Please contact us for a more detailed job description and personal specification. INTERVIEWS TO BE HELD BY SKYPE
If you are looking to teach overseas we have client schools worldwide who are recruiting for positions in Nursery, Primary, Secondary and FE for the new academic year. Please forward your CV to Colin at Astute Education or call +44 (0) 1159 050148 for more information about these great opportunities.
Required skills & expertise:
International Schools
Nursery
Teacher
Elementary Education
Working Abroad
Loading, please wait...
>
There is no need to provide bank account details or payment to any person or organisation when applying for a job.
reed.co.uk is not responsible for the content of any external websites linked to or referenced on this site and recommends that all job applications are made via the ‘Apply now’ button above. If you have concerns about any job you see on reed.co.uk, please
.
Sponsored links
Send me more jobs like this
Email
By signing up to Job Alert emails you agree to our
and .
Replace a saved search
We're already sending an email alert to this address
""
If you'd like to replace this, click the replace button, or
to save more email alerts
Replace a saved search
You already have ten searches saved, select a search below to replace it.
Sign in to create your email job alert.
Sign In
Email
Password
Keep me signed in
People who applied to this job also applied to
€45,000 - €60,000
Dubai, United Arab Emirates
Salary not specified
Dubai, Dubai
£25,000 - £27,000
Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates
£24,000 - £32,400
Dubai, Dubai
£21,840 - £25,800
Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates
Get qualified for this job
Looking for a graduate?
Application for Early Years Teacher - Dubai, UAE
Sign In
Email
Password
Keep me signed in
Register
Email
Upload CV
You already have a CV Builder account. To upgrade to a full jobseeker account, please enter your password.
Password
Before you can apply for this job we need your CV and a few more details.
Email Early Years Teacher - Dubai, UAE
Email from
Email to
Sorry - we can't use that file.
Please try again with a CV that is:
.doc, .docx, .rtf, .txt or .pdf format
less than 200kb in size.
Change
Jobs
Courses
Reed
Connect with us
More from reed.co.uk
Copyright © reed.co.uk 2014
Triple your chances of getting the job you want.
24696237
JavaScript must be enabled in order for you to use reed.co.uk. However, it seems JavaScript is either disabled or not supported by your browser. To use reed.co.uk, , then try again.