Senior Officer – CSR Job in Jeddah - BUPA Arabia - Bayt.com
OK
Cancel
Loading...
Loading...
Jobs
Jobs
Salaries
People Companies Specialties
- All -
- All -Algeria (12)Bahrain (115)Dubai (1556)Egypt (497)Iraq (81)Jordan (391)Kuwait (740)Lebanon (250)Libya (16)Morocco (12)Oman (96)Pakistan (34)Qatar (1061)Saudi Arabia (2775)Sri Lanka (64)Tunisia (6)UAE (3584)Yemen (3)
Loading...
Menu - []
›
› Job Description
Senior Officer – CSR
- ,
Date Posted: 2014/05/04 09:08:15
Ref. JB3015916
Job Description
JOB PURPOSE:
To help communicate BA’s key messages and objectives through executing all planned activities and initiatives.
KEY ACCOUNTABILITIES:
1.	Corporate Social Responsibilities
•	Helps develop the CSR plan of the year and execute all designed activities for employees and CSR beneficiaries by coordinating with different departments and managing all the logistics required.
•	Manage the CSR beneficiaries administrative work, not restricted to (collecting data, entering data on system, validating it, update CSR beneficiaries profiles and manage contracts printing and renewals).
•	Acts as the main point of contact between CSR beneficiaries and management and BA to communicate messages, perform tasks, respond to queries and solve problems.
•	Manage all the logistics for orphans medical check-up liaising with different parties required such as ( hospitals, BA’s medical team and orphans management).
•	Develops various communication and measurement tools to ensure CSR beneficiaries satisfaction.
•	Helps design and fully manage and execute all activities to engage employees in social activities.
•	Database management of all the CSR activities implemented as per the plan of action.
•	Prepare a monthly report to keep track of orphans activities, claims costs and key issues.
2.	Employee Events
•	Helps design and execute employees’ activities that deliver BA’s goals and objectives in relations to employees’ health and wellbeing as well as strategy alignment including employees in the regions and different branches around the Kingdome.
•	Manage and execute all activities that engage more than 100,000 people initiated by Bupa Group such as, well world champions and global challenge by liaising with external agencies, partners and department members required.
•	Ensures quality of delivery of employees events in relations to message, design and execution in alignment with the brand image and guidelines.
3.	External PR
•	Identify and develop new streams for partnership with media to promote and strengthen Bupa’s image and stand in the market.
•	Helps design and execute range of external activities that strengthen BA’s executive team’s profiles in the market.
•	Run media analysis in coordination with marketing department to identify proper communication channels needed and areas to improve brand image.
•	Manage all press releases activities that are related to external campaigns, product launches, community servicing and public awareness not restricted to ( briefing agency, reviewing and managing approvals before publishing).
4.	Budget and materials
•	Developing in coordination with marketing suitable branding materials for CSR beneficiaries not restricted to (membership guides, insurance cards and educational materials).
•	Monitor and keep track of budget and spending through out the planning and execution phases to make sure no budget is exceeded.
Skills
Education:
•	Bachelor's degree.
•	Fluent in English and Arabic,written and spoken.
Experience Fields:
•	Experience in insurance is preferred.
•	Experience in CSR.
Years of Experience:
•	Minimum 3 – 4 year experience .
Job Details
Job Location:
Jeddah , Saudi Arabia
Company Industry:
Healthcare, other; Insurance
Company Type:
Employer (Private Sector)
Job Role:
Marketing/PR
Joining Date:
2014-04-01
Employment Status:
Full time
Employment Type:
Employee
Monthly Salary Range:
Unspecified
Manages Others:
No
Number of Vacancies:
1
Preferred Candidate
Career Level:
Mid Career
Years of Experience:
Min: 3
Residence Location:
Jeddah ,Saudi Arabia
Gender:
Unspecified
Degree:
Bachelor's degree / higher diploma
About This Company
Bupa Arabia for Cooperative Insurance is a Saudi-owned and operated publicly traded company with SR 400 million in paid up capital. With years of deep knowledge of the Saudi healthcare market, Bupa Arabia provides health insurance in accordance with the requirements of the Council of Cooperative Health Insurance and the Saudi Arabian Monetary Agency (SAMA).
Bupa Arabia is associated with the Bupa Group, a worldwide healthcare organization with more than 60 years of expertise in the fields of health and wellbeing. The Bupa Group provides total healthcare solutions to more than 10 million members in over 190 countries. Across the globe, Bupa offers personal and corporate health insurance, runs care homes for older people and hospitals, and provides workplace health services, health assessments and chronic disease management services, including health coaching and home healthcare.
Our global presence has allowed Bupa Arabia to draw on our international expertise and experience to provide our members in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia with the best healthcare services, support and advice.
Bupa Arabia has more than 800 employees across the Kingdom who share the common purpose of helping people live longer, healthier, happier lives.
At Bupa, we take care of the lives in our hands.
Date Posted: 2014/05/04 09:08:15
Ref. JB3015916
Recommended Courses
Invite Your
Friends to Bayt.com
Find Jobs
About Bayt.com
Bayt.com is the leading job site in the Gulf and Middle East, connecting job seekers with employers looking to hire.
Every day, thousands of new job vacancies are listed on the award-winning platform from the region's top employers.
Company
Quick Links
Follow
© 2000-2014 Bayt.com, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
-
Reproduction of material from any Bayt.com pages without written permission is strictly prohibited.