Staff Services - Government Relations Officer (Saudi Only) in Al Wajh (Tabuk region) Job in Saudi Arabia - Mondragon Wintec International Training Operator - Bayt.com
OK
Cancel
Loading...
Loading...
Jobs
Jobs
Salaries
People Companies Specialties
- All -
- All -Algeria (12)Bahrain (115)Dubai (1556)Egypt (497)Iraq (81)Jordan (391)Kuwait (740)Lebanon (250)Libya (16)Morocco (12)Oman (96)Pakistan (34)Qatar (1061)Saudi Arabia (2775)Sri Lanka (64)Tunisia (6)UAE (3584)Yemen (3)
Loading...
Menu - []
›
› Job Description
Staff Services - Government Relations Officer (Saudi Only) in Al Wajh (Tabuk region)
-
Date Posted: 2014/05/04 09:09:23
Ref. JB3047020
Job Description
We have a unique opportunity for 2 Staff Services roles (male)
interested in joining an international education project in Al Wajh, located in the coastal region of Tabuk, Saudi Arabia, from 1 July 2014.
This is an opportunity to be part of an exciting and innovative international education project with Mondragon-Wintec Saudi Arabia LLC (Spain & New Zealand), leading providers of international education.
We have a male college in Umluj plus a two colleges (one male and one female) in Al Wajh. Each college will have 2000, 17-22 year old Saudi students. Year One of Diploma level study will provide English language and Foundation studies (maths, IT and study skills), with Year Two and Year Three focusing on a range of vocational programs that delivers work-ready and well qualified graduates to the local Saudi industry.
If you want an excellent opportunity to build up the College with the rest of the team and develop your professional competencies and your career, we invite you to apply today.
The successful applicant is a Saudi national, preferably from the region of Tabuk, who has previous experience (minimum 1 year) in a government relations' position
and is willing to relocate in Al Wajh. A working level of English is a must as he will have to work with an international team.
The Staff Services team will report to the HR Director of the Cluster and its main responsibilities will be:
1. To
provide a "government relations" service to the Company and its employees by doing all day to day transactions in order to guarantee the legal status of all issues related to the Company and all employees
2. To take part in the welcome plan and assist newcomers in all relevant issues needed to settle down in the country (driving licence, bank account, mobile number...)
3. To participate in other day-to-day activities related to Employees Relations with the guidence of the HR Director
Skills
Previous PR/GR experience (at least 1 year)
Good knowledge of government procedures in KSA - a good network of contacts will be an asset
Working level of English
High level of organizational and planning skills
Reliability - able to work with little supervision, to organize his own work and priorities
Problem
solving skills - ability to anticipate obstacles and propose solutions
Proactive and responsive customer service attitude - able to keep all persons involved updated on the progress of the different transactions
Willing to be working in permanent movement (as he will need to go regularly) to all government offices) . Might need to travel occasionally.
This job is posted in the following Specialties:
Education
Degree in Human Resources will be an asset for future professional growth
Job Details
Job Location:
Saudi Arabia
Company Industry:
Education, Training, and Library
Company Type:
Employer (Private Sector)
Job Role:
Human Resources/Personnel
Joining Date:
2014-07-01
Employment Status:
Full time
Employment Type:
Employee
Monthly Salary Range:
Unspecified
Manages Others:
Unspecified
Number of Vacancies:
2
Preferred Candidate
Career Level:
Mid Career
Years of Experience:
Min: 2
Residence Location:
Tabouk,Saudi Arabia ;
Yanbu,Saudi Arabia ; Saudi Arabia
Gender:
Male
Degree:
Bachelor's degree / higher diploma
About This Company
Mondragon Educacion Internacional (MEI, Spain) and Wintec (New Zealand) are leading providers of international technical education and are working in partnership to manage a cluster of 3 colleges in the coastal region of Tabuk as one of the International Operators.You can find more information about our project in the following webpage: www.saudicollegejobs.comYou can find more information about Mondragon and Wintec in:www.mondragon-corporation.comwww.wintec.ac.nzwww.saudicollegejobs.com
Date Posted: 2014/05/04 09:09:23
Ref. JB3047020
Recommended Courses
Invite Your
Friends to Bayt.com
Find Jobs
About Bayt.com
Bayt.com is the leading job site in the Gulf and Middle East, connecting job seekers with employers looking to hire.
Every day, thousands of new job vacancies are listed on the award-winning platform from the region's top employers.
Company
Quick Links
Follow
© 2000-2014 Bayt.com, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
-
Reproduction of material from any Bayt.com pages without written permission is strictly prohibited.