Spa Attendant Job In
- Fairmont Hotels And Resorts - Beauty / Cosmetology / Spa, Cool Jobs, Exercise / Fitness, Hospitality, Hotel / Resort / Lodging Career
Candidate registration Employer registration
Forgot password
Sign in Candidate registration
Sign in Candidate registration
Sign in Employer registration
|
text.subscribe:
Spa Attendant
Employer:
Job Ref:
DBI01071
Industry:
Beauty / Cosmetology / Spa
Cool Jobs
Exercise / Fitness
Hospitality
Hotel / Resort / Lodging
Job Type:
Full Time
Country:
United Arab Emirates
City:
Dubai
Post Date:
02/12/2014 09:06 PM
Please note that you must be eligible to live and work in Dubai. We will assist successful applicants with the visa process and provide flights and accommodation
Spa Attendant
At Fairmont Hotels & Resorts, your primary responsibility is to provide uncompromising attention to Guest / member experience. The Spa Attendant is responsible for the overall repair of all Spa departments and ensuring maximum efficiency, safety and cleanliness. Hotel Overview: A unique blend of contemporary design and urban chic, Fairmont Dubai is an icon in the business heart of the city. Just minutes from Dubai's key attractions, our hotel is linked to the Dubai International Convention Centre. Ten contemporary dining experiences intrigue the palate, our signature Spa and health facilities offer a wealth of amenities, including two terrace sundecks complemented by handcrafted mosaic swimming pools. Fairmont Dubai brings together luxurious surroundings and modern amenities with renowned Fairmont service. Summary of Responsibilities: Reporting to the Assistant Spa Manager, responsibilities and essential job functions include but are not limited to the following:
Consistently offer professional, friendly and engaging service
Assist in the operation of all spa departments and to have knowledge of all Spa treatments
Maintain linen inventory to and from laundry on a scheduled basis
Direct Members and Guests to appointments and assist them with the use of sauna, steam, whirlpool etc
Prepare rooms for treatments according to specified guidelines
Maintain the facility in peak sanitary condition at all times and report any equipment deficiencies
Maintain locker rooms in a tidy manner and ensure all amenities are stocked
Follow departmental policies and procedures
Follow all safety and sanitation policies
Other duties as assignedQualifications:
Previous Spa or Hospitality experience preferred.
CPR and First Aid certification preferred.
Excellent communication and organizational skills.
Strong interpersonal and problem solving abilities.
Highly responsible & reliable.
Ability to focus attention on guest needs, remaining calm and courteous at all times.
Previous Spa or Hospitality experience preferred. Physical Aspects of Position (includes but are not limited to):
Frequent standing and walking throughout shift
Occasional lifting and carrying up to 20 lbs
Frequent bending, kneeling, pushing, pulling
Occasional ascending or descending ladders, stairs and ramps
Frequent standing and walking throughout shift
Visa Requirements:
Please note that you must be eligible to live and work in Dubai. We will assist successful applicants with the visa process and provide flights and accommodation APPLY TODAY: Whether you"re launching your career or seeking meaningful employment, we invite you to visit http://www.fairmontcareers.com/ to learn more about Fairmont Hotels & Resorts-and the extraordinary opportunities that exist!
ABOUT FAIRMONT HOTELS & RESORTS At Fairmont Hotels & Resorts we offer our guests the finest hospitality experience in each of our destinations. And we know that, to offer our guests the best, we first need to offer our employees the best. That"s why you'll find exceptional work opportunities-throughout North America and the Caribbean, Europe and Africa, the Middle East and Asia Pacific-as well as industry-leading training, career development, recognition and rewards. Fairmont Hotels & Resorts is a celebrated collection of hotels that includes landmark locations like London"s The Savoy, New York"s The Plaza, and Shanghai"s Fairmont Peace Hotel. Our teams are guided by values of Respect, Integrity, Teamwork and Empowerment; we employ the highest ethical and quality standards, treating all colleagues with fairness and dignity. Our Sustainability Partnership program represents our ever-expanding commitment to being a responsible business and to following the principles of sustainability across our operations, the world over. An exciting future awaits!
Action
Featured jobs
|
Boulder
|
Anchorage / Remote Locations
|
Steamboat Springs
|
San Francisco
|
Phoenix
Featured employers
Industry Guides:
Employment:
Company Info:
Copyright © 1999 - 2014 JobMonkey, Inc. All rights reserved.