Housekeeping - Housekeeping Order Taker jobs in Rotana Hotel in Dubai - United Arab Emirates - Naukrigulf.com
Job Seekers Login:
|
Housekeeping - Housekeeping Order Taker
at Rotana Hotel in
-
Posted: May
2, 2014 Exp:
2 - 4
yrs.
| Opening(s): 1
Education: Basic - Bachelor of Hotel Management(Hotel Management)
Gender: Not Mentioned
Industry Type:
/
/
/
Functional Area:
/
/
/
Your Message could not be sent.
Your message has been sent
Job Description
Share
We are currently seeking for passionate and dynamic guest focused Housekeeping professionals who pride themselves on their ability to deliver extraordinary levels of customer service and provide creative solutions to our guests.
As a Housekeeping Order Taker you are responsible to handle all communication in and out of the Housekeeping Office to ensure a smooth running of the department and your role will include key responsibilities such as:
•Safe keep, record and collect all keys and papers held within the Housekeeping Office
•Ensure the sorting of all daily activity reports in the Housekeeping Office
•Answer phone calls promptly, following proper telephone etiquettes as trained and per the standards
•Record all incoming calls, ensure all messages are disseminated and followed up accordingly
•Handle all issues pertaining to Lost & Found - receiving, recording, storage, claiming and clearing
•Update and maintain all housekeeping files
•Update and print out of the Opera system for the room discrepancy report by morning and afternoon and ensure to submit a copy to Accounts and Front Office
•Arrange baby-sitting for guests and prepare attendance sheets for the monthly payroll
•Keep and maintain the cleanliness and tidiness of the Housekeeping Office
•Clear all outdated reports on a monthly basis based on the hotel standard for record keeping
Desired Candidate Profile
Skills
Education, Qualifications & Experiences
You should ideally have a diploma or vocational training within the hospitality and previous experiences within a similar role. Good command of written and verbal English communication skills, along with good interpersonal abilities are essentials. Computer literacy and previous experiences with Opera are an advantage.
Knowledge & Competencies
The ideal candidate will be a friendly, pleasant and courteous individual with good cross cultures sensitivity and a concern for quality and an eye for details. You will work well under pressure in a fast paced environment and enjoy working with a multi-cultural team and guests alike, while possessing following additional competencies:
Understanding the Job
Taking Responsibility
Recognizing Differences
Customer Focus
Customer Focus
Adaptability
Teamwork
Keyword: Housekeeping - Housekeeping Order Taker
|
Company Profile
Rotana Hotel
Contact Details
Website
Disclaimer: Naukrigulf.com is only a platform to bring jobseekers & employers together. Applicants are advised to research the bonafides of the prospective employer independently. We do NOT endorse any requests for money payments and strictly advice against sharing personal or bank related information.We also recommend you visit
for more information. If you suspect any fraud or malpractice, email us at
To*
From*
Subject*
Email:
Password:
Upload a latest profile photo
A CV with photo has 40% higher chances of getting noticed by employers
Upload Profile Photo
This is how your profile photo will look like.To make adjustments, you can drag around and resize the yellow dashed-square on the right panel.
When you are satisfied with your photo click the "Save Photo" button.
Browse Jobs by
Jobs By Location
Jobs By Category
Job Seekers
Recruiters
Partner Sites
Company
Information
All rights reserved © 2001-
2014 Info Edge (India) Ltd.