Commercial Business Analyst −
Dubai −
StepStone
Een bericht over Cookies
Stepstone maakt gebruik van cookies op deze site. Deze cookies zijn van belang voor het goed functioneren van deze site. .
Locatie
Dubai
Type Contract
Vast contract, bepaalde tijd
Vast contract, onbepaalde tijd
Type werk
Fulltime
01-05-14
Referentienummer
140003PY
Loading...
Baan Zoeken
Wat
(functie, trefwoorden of bedrijf)
Waar
(stad, provincie of postcode)
Vacatures Zoeken
Andere vacatures in
-
,
Commercial Business Analyst
Commercial Business Analyst
Job Purpose
Provide the necessary data interrogation and analysis to support the activity of the Business Intelligence; Sales Steering and Commercial Support department. Analyse passenger; flight; channel/segment and industry data to create a holistic view of the Emirates Airline business in the context of the wider industry. Create the framework for the publication and automation of scheduled periodic reports to all stakeholders. Use technical and commercial knowledge to create new mechanisms for capturing and reporting information.
Qualifications & Experience
Honours Degree in one of the following subjects: Economics; Business Administration or Operations Research.
5 Years experience of working in a commercial environment; with responsibility for providing management reporting incorporating sales forecasting; diagnostics; trend analysis and competitor insight.
Excellent analytical ability and attention to detail; with an understanding of data processing and information systems; tools and applications for airline marketing.
Highly developed interpersonal skills and able to interact effectively with all divisions of the Commercial Operations department.
Excellent report writing skills and strong command of written and spoken English.
Demonstrated experience at working with multiple data interrogation tools to create tools for distribution to wide user groups.
Significant experience working with Business Intelligence systems; and other relevant tools and applications; and an ability to interrogate these systems for detailed market; route and class analysis.
Experience of conducting analysis in an airline would be preferable.
Salary & Benefits:
We offer an attractive tax-free salary, paid in Dirhams, the local currency of the UAE. Besides generous travel benefits normally associated with an airline.
To Apply:
Please submit your application before 18th May 2014 23:59 GMT + 3 hours
About Emirates
Tomorrow you could be living in dynamic Dubai and earning a tax-free salary with global benefits. Starting with two aircraft and a handful of enthusiastic people, we have grown at a phenomenal rate. We are now one of the fastest growing airlines in the world, flying to over 125 destinations across 6 continents.
We are looking for people to join our global family of over 54,000 people from 160 nationalities across a diverse range of disciplines. If you are a high performer, seeking unparalleled career opportunities, join the Emirates team and help us create the future of travel.
Vermeld StepStone alsjeblieft bij je sollicitatie
Ontvang vacatures via de mail
Sluit
Vacatures per e−mail met de Job Agent van StepStone
Geselecteerde Criteria
Regio filter:
Midden Oosten
Functiecategorie:
Andere marketing, reclame & communicatie, Dataverwerking, Functional/ Business Analyst
Je hebt geen Job Agent criteria opgegeven. Doe een nieuwe zoekopdracht en selecteer uw criteria met een zoekwoord, locatie etc.
Voer je e-mailadres in*
Voer een geldig e-mailadres in
Job Agent opslaan ¹
¹ Je hebt een zoekopdracht uitgevoerd op StepStone. Sla jouw zoekopdracht op en ontvang gratis matchende vacatures via e-mail. Voer je e-mailadres in en ontvang regelmatig de nieuwste vacatures. We slaan de Job Agent op in jouw StepStone account. Wanneer je nog geen account hebt, maken we er automatisch één voor je aan. Je kan dan jouw Job Agent binnen je account aanpassen. Bekijk voor meer details ons .* Wanneer je geen e-mails wilt ontvangen van andere services van StepStone, kan je op de uitschrijf link klikken in de e-mail of je instellingen aanpassen in jouw Account pagina op Mijn StepStone.
Krijg de juiste baan via e-mail met de StepStone Job Agent
Je zoekopdracht is opgeslagen en een Job Agent is aangemaakt.
Je zal binnen enkele ogenblikken een bevestigingsmail ontvangen op het volgende adres :
Klik op de bevestigingsknop om jouw StepStone Job Agent te activeren.
Je kan makkelijk jouw Job Agent bewerken in onze kandidaten sectie. Jouw inloggegevens worden naar je toe gestuurd
JavaScript is vereist voor sommige onderdelen van deze website.
of
|
|   | Selecteer taal: NL
Vacatures zoeken Banen in het buitenland
Zoek een vacature
Wat
(functie, trefwoorden of bedrijf)
Waar
(stad, provincie of postcode)
Vacatures Zoeken
Vind een baan
Kies een Land
Copyright © StepStone GmbH 1996 - 2014