Pet Grooming Store Receptionist and Sales Associate Job in Kuwait - Animal Care Centre - Bayt.com
OK
Cancel
Loading...
Loading...
Jobs
Jobs
Salaries
People Companies Specialties
- All -
- All -Algeria (12)Bahrain (115)Dubai (1556)Egypt (497)Iraq (81)Jordan (391)Kuwait (740)Lebanon (250)Libya (16)Morocco (12)Oman (96)Pakistan (34)Qatar (1061)Saudi Arabia (2775)Sri Lanka (64)Tunisia (6)UAE (3584)Yemen (3)
Loading...
Menu - []
›
› Job Description
Pet Grooming Store Receptionist and Sales Associate
-
Date Posted: 2014/05/04 07:00:52
Ref. JB3046928
Job Description
Responsible for maintaining excellent customer relations, sales associates generate sales, organize merchandise, and provide an overall friendly environment for both customers and employees. Keep track of the sales floor and decide whether to stock shelves, check inventory, or assist customers in finding a particular product. Sales employees must be aware of any promotional deals or other marketing strategies that may increase profitability for the store and have a thorough understanding of all products available in the store.
Responsible for taking calls and inquiries from pet owners with regards to our grooming services and will be responsible for scheduling appointments, entering new data into Animal Care's specialised software along with all relevant appointment information.
Responsible for closing out grooming and product sales and checking out customers in an efficient and timely manner.
Skills
Applicant needs to a have firm knowledge of spoken English and Arabic and easily understandable
Applicant must have strong people skills with a customer service focus.
Applicant must be able to conversely comfortably and professionally on the phone and in person with good listening skills.
Applicant much be able to multi-task and have strong computer skills including but no limited to using search tools, browsers and also email features; attaching files to correspondence, utilizing tracking and management software and data entry.
Job Details
Job Location:
Kuwait
Company Industry:
Other
Company Type:
Employer (Private Sector)
Job Role:
Customer Service
Joining Date:
Unspecified
Employment Status:
Full time
Employment Type:
Employee
Monthly Salary Range:
Unspecified
Manages Others:
No
Number of Vacancies:
2
Preferred Candidate
Career Level:
Mid Career
Years of Experience:
Unspecified
Residence Location:
Kuwait
Gender:
Unspecified
Nationality:
Unspecified
Degree:
Unspecified
Date Posted: 2014/05/04 07:00:52
Ref. JB3046928
Recommended Courses
Invite Your
Friends to Bayt.com
Find Jobs
About Bayt.com
Bayt.com is the leading job site in the Gulf and Middle East, connecting job seekers with employers looking to hire.
Every day, thousands of new job vacancies are listed on the award-winning platform from the region's top employers.
Company
Quick Links
Follow
© 2000-2014 Bayt.com, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
-
Reproduction of material from any Bayt.com pages without written permission is strictly prohibited.