C# Programming Skills Jobs C# .NET Developer at Mobitrans (Dubai, United Arab Emirates) and 1 more | Programming Skill Job Vacancy Career Opportunity Information
-
»
» .
Posted: 09 Apr 2014 06:17 AM PDT
Dubai, United Arab Emirates (relocation offered)
Job Description We are looking for skilled and smart .NET developers who would be experienced both in back-end and front-end components development. To succeed in this critical role, this individual must have strong background in design patterns, and development.
Skills & Requirements
Programing language: C# (at least 2 years of experience) ASP.NET, MVC, JavaScript, AJAX, jQuery MS-SQL / T-SQL, ADO.NET Good knowledge of HTML, CSS, XML/XSL Experience of work with Jira, TFS Experience of mobile applications development would be a benefit Advanced/fluent English
About Mobitrans
Mobitrans, started in 2006, is the global leader in mobile learning and entertainment services. We are active in 38 countries. Head quartered in Dubai Media City, we have an international and diverse team, creating and marketing our products to millions of users every day.
Joel Test score: 10 out of 12 The
is a twelve-question measure of the quality of a software team. Do you use source control? Can you make a build in one step? Do you make daily builds? Do you have a bug database? Do you fix bugs before writing new code? Do you have an up-to-date schedule? Do you have a spec? Do programmers have quiet working conditions? Do you use the best tools money can buy? Do you have testers? Do new candidates write code during their interview? Do you do hallway usability testing?
We have great benefits World-class healthcare packageWay above market compensationAmazing office location, full Palm Jumeirah view :)Right next to Tecom Metro StationOver 14 nationalities in our teamFlexible working hours Who you'll work with
Ramez - Director
Furqan Zafarhtml5 coffeescript javascript css3
Homam Hosseini - Head of Productsfunctional-programming javascript node.js haskell
Posted: 02 May 2014 03:17 PM PDT
Boise, ID
You love building great products, playing with new technologies, and learning something new every day. You love the challenge of a hard problem; one you're the best person to solve. C# is your current tool of choice, but you know that PHP, Javascript, perl or (language x) have their place too. You can vigorously defend (or attack) the assertion that Ryu is not the most powerful character in Street Fighter III. You're currently looking for more challenge, more flexibility, more responsibility or more fun at work. We're a small team based in downtown Boise, ID (near the river, greenbelt, 10 great lunch spots and as many great bars), and we're looking for a quick, mentally energetic software developer to join us. We've been building great network troubleshooting tools for years, and have a whole pile of great projects that need your help (you'll be in on the ground floor of "what's next") to get into the hands of our enthusiastic and happy customers. We're working on cross-platform, platform-native GUI, cross-technology, hybrid systems - there's a lot of territory to cover and lots of places for you to contribute based on your strengths. Shoot an email to  with your bio and we'll get back to you with more details. We look forward to hearing from you!
About PingPlotter
PingPlotter is an established brand and a popular network troubleshooting tool. We help individuals and companies "See the network, pinpoint the problem", including gamers, VoIP users, stock traders, ISPs, ASPs, and anyone that uses or provides network service. We have a vision to grow the brand and tools using hard work, together with a team we like and respect in a fun environment. We are a Boise, Idaho-based company, growing with new products, services and team members. If you're looking to help make a difference in a company, developing existing and new software in .NET/Xamarin (in addition to a host of other technologies), our downtown Boise, ID office may be a great place for you.
Joel Test score: 10 out of 12 The
is a twelve-question measure of the quality of a software team. Do you use source control? Can you make a build in one step? Do you make daily builds? Do you have a bug database? Do you fix bugs before writing new code? Do you have an up-to-date schedule? Do you have a spec? Do programmers have quiet working conditions? Do you use the best tools money can buy? Do you have testers? Do new candidates write code during their interview? Do you do hallway usability testing?
We have great benefits Downtown Boise locationEmbody ChairsOffices, Cubes - not wide openKeurig machine (we buy K-cups)Street Fighter (or your game of choice)Guaranteed fun, or your old job backGood pay, benefits packageGreat tools, new tech
You are subscribed to email updates from
To stop receiving these emails, you may . Email delivery powered by Google
Google Inc., 20 West Kinzie, Chicago IL USA 60610
Share your views...
0 Respones to "C# Programming Skills Jobs C# .NET Developer at Mobitrans (Dubai, United Arab Emirates) and 1 more"
Post a Comment
Subscribe to:
Recent Programming Skills Jobs
Popular Programming Skills Jobs
Programming Skills Jobs Categories
Powered by .
Copyright © 2013-now
-
Template by