Retail Manager - Retail - Dubai - Dubai Careers - Dubai Jobs, Dubai
Toggle navigation
Warning! We detected you are currently off-line, please connect to gain full experience.
Retail Manager
Retail Manager
Details:
Published
03-05-14
Publisher
Location: Dubai
613
Description
Retail Manager
Salary: AED 30,000 to AED 50,000 commensurate with experience
On behalf of our client, we are seeking an experienced Retail Manager that is willing to work for one of the leading retail companies in the UAE. This post is responsible for providing strategic and operational direction to the retail department, so that the company’s financial and market share related objectives are met.
This role will cover the development and management of revenue and profit generation that must be fully aligned with the overall objective of the company. The holder of this post will lead and manage the local and regional retail operations of the company via managing the stores with a high quality standard and focus on the maximum utilization of resources. Support the accountability owner in managing retail leasing and projects to secure high standards of quality, cost effectiveness, and profitability of the company. Providing regular training, coaching, and mentoring to the other team members will also be a part of the Retail Manager’s role.
Ideal candidates for this position should hold a Bachelors Degree, with at least 10 years experience in the retail industry.  He or she must have excellent Communication, Negotiation, Problem-solving, Interpersonal, Leadership, and Decision Making Skills. The candidate must also be able to create good strategies and understand/ analyze financial and non financial reports, and identify trends.
The salary for this post will range from AED 30,000 to AED 50,000, depending on the candidate’s experience, plus other great additional benefits. This post will also offer a progressive and fantastic opportunity for career development.
Essential
·         Bachelors Degree
·         10 plus years of work experience within the retail industry with 5 years in a mid-management role.
·         Retail Experience within the bridge brands
·         Well versed with MS Office
·         Knowledge in local culture and sensitivities
·         Knowledge of the competition within the regional market
·         Extensive regional and local networks
·         Must have a UAE Driving License
·         Must be a Native English Speaker or European National
Send your CV direct to ( justine@executivesolutionsme.com )
Send Message
Name
Email
Subject
Message
Captcha*:
Contact Us
Related ads
• Work cross-functionally across the organization (Engineering, Marketing, Quality, Sales and Customer Service Centers)
• Providing ongoing support, identifying supportability requirements, and influencing design and manufacture for serviceability. This…
Electrician – Diploma/ITI holder, required for an Interior & Maintenance Co. min 2 years UAE experience. Fax CV to 043962200.
Career:
Entry Level
Job Location:
Dubai
Salary:
Unspecified
Experience:
2 - 5 Years
Job Type:
Full Time
Gender:
Male…
We are looking to hire experienced administration assistant to join our growing team! Duties are: listing ads on website and portals, maintain systematic filing system, handling administrative duties. Should have a very good knowledge of computer and have…
This is an opportunity for a motivated and smart sales person who has experience in Real Estate to join our team. Requirements The right candidate should have excellent negotiation skills, customer service skills and good communication skills in English…
Alrahab is a group of companies working in Brokerage and construction fields. Our Job brokerage division provides and train all kind of Skilled and unskilled workers.We can provide all the workers you require,in any quantity.
Career:
Entry Level
Job…
Search
Categories
Stats
5995 views
515 ads
164 users
Subscribe
Email
Subscribe
About
Follow us
©
Dubai Careers - Dubai Jobs, Dubai Vacancy, UAE Work 2014