Front Office - Front Office Manager jobs in Rotana Hotel in Dubai - United Arab Emirates - Naukrigulf.com
Job Seekers Login:
|
Front Office - Front Office Manager
at Rotana Hotel in
-
Posted: May
2, 2014 Exp:
2 - 3
yrs.
| Opening(s): 1
Education: Basic - Bachelor of Hotel Management(Hotel Management)
Gender: Not Mentioned
Industry Type:
/
/
/
Functional Area:
/
/
/
Your Message could not be sent.
Your message has been sent
Job Description
Share
We are currently seeking for passionate and dynamic guest focused Front Office professionals who pride themselves on their ability to deliver extraordinary levels of customer service and provide creative solutions to our guests.
As Front Office Manager you are responsible for all pertinent matters affecting guest service and hotel operations and to maximize hotel revenue while deliver excellence at every opportunity. The role involves controlling the availability of rooms and the day-to-day functions of the Front Office,
such as handling guest arrival and departure,
information requests and will include key responsibilities such as:
•Ensure guests receive prompt attention and personal recognition throughout their stay in the hotel,
respond to guest needs and resolve any issues that may arise resulting in highest possible guest satisfaction
•Plan and implement the application of availability controls to those market segments,
which will maximize hotel room,
food & beverage and other revenues where applicable
•Maintain a high performance standard among guest contact employees to ensure they are knowledgeable,
friendly and courteous at all times
•Inform the management via reports about the results of trends or guest impressions and problems in the hotel affecting the guest or the operation
•Work closely with the Housekeeping Department to turn rooms around with a minimum of lost time and to allocate arriving guest appropriately
•Participate in decisions involving occupancy goals,
marketing strategies and development of rates.
Desired Candidate Profile
Education,
Qualifications
Experiences
You must be a college / university degree graduate with a minimum of two years experiences in a similar role. You should be a computer literate with working knowledge of hotel property management systems such as Opera understand sales systems such as Micros and with the ability to communicate English clearly,
fluently and effectively in writing and reading.
Knowledge & Competencies
The ideal candidate will be a hands-on professional with a solid front office background and excellent customer relations,
problem solving and time management skills. You will be result oriented,
proactive,
an innovative thinker with the ability to lead,
motivate and improvise in all situations and you should possess following competencies:
Understanding the Business
Influencing Outcomes
Planning for Business
Team Building
Valuing Diversity
Leading People
Adaptability
Drive for Results
Customer Focus
Managing Operations
Keyword: Front Office - Front Office Manager
|
Company Profile
Rotana Hotel
Contact Details
Website
Disclaimer: Naukrigulf.com is only a platform to bring jobseekers & employers together. Applicants are advised to research the bonafides of the prospective employer independently. We do NOT endorse any requests for money payments and strictly advice against sharing personal or bank related information.We also recommend you visit
for more information. If you suspect any fraud or malpractice, email us at
To*
From*
Subject*
Email:
Password:
Upload a latest profile photo
A CV with photo has 40% higher chances of getting noticed by employers
Upload Profile Photo
This is how your profile photo will look like.To make adjustments, you can drag around and resize the yellow dashed-square on the right panel.
When you are satisfied with your photo click the "Save Photo" button.
Browse Jobs by
Jobs By Location
Jobs By Category
Job Seekers
Recruiters
Partner Sites
Company
Information
All rights reserved © 2001-
2014 Info Edge (India) Ltd.