Commercial Business Analyst
Job Seekers
|
|
what:
where:
Emirates
-
Dubai
Job Purpose
Provide the necessary data interrogation and analysis to support the activity of the Business Intelligence; Sales Steering and Commercial Support department. Analyse passenger; flight; channel/segment and industry data to create a holistic view of the Emirates Airline business in the context of the wider industry. Create the framework for the publication and automation of scheduled periodic reports to all stakeholders. Use technical and commercial knowledge to create new mechanisms for capturing and reporting information.
Qualifications & Experience
Honours Degree in one of the following subjects: Economics; Business Administration or Operations Research. 5 Years experience of working in a commercial environment; with responsibility for providing management reporting incorporating sales forecasting; diagnostics; trend analysis and competitor insight. Excellent analytical ability and attention to detail; with an understanding of data processing and information systems; tools and applications for airline marketing. Highly developed interpersonal skills and able to interact effectively with all divisions of the Commercial Operations department. Excellent report writing skills and strong command of written and spoken English. Demonstrated experience at working with multiple data interrogation tools to create tools for distribution to wide user groups. Significant experience working with Business Intelligence systems; and other relevant tools and applications; and an ability to interrogate these systems for detailed market; route and class analysis. Experience of conducting analysis in an airline would be preferable.
Salary & Benefits:
We offer an attractive tax-free salary, paid in Dirhams, the local currency of the UAE. Besides generous travel benefits normally associated with an airline.
To Apply:
Please submit your application before 18th May 2014 23:59 GMT + 3 hours
About Emirates
Tomorrow you could be living in dynamic Dubai and earning a tax-free salary with global benefits. Starting with two aircraft and a handful of enthusiastic people, we have grown at a phenomenal rate. We are now one of the fastest growing airlines in the world, flying to over 125 destinations across 6 continents.
We are looking for people to join our global family of over 54,000 people from 160 nationalities across a diverse range of disciplines. If you are a high performer, seeking unparalleled career opportunities, join the Emirates team and help us create the future of travel.
Summary
Location:
Company:
Contract type: Permanent
Send to a friend
Your friend's email
Your full name
Your message
Commercial Business Analyst
http://www.careerjet.co.uk/jobview/dcfcad3f0a0fb25c936ce56eae196ae5.html?affid=1b8a26c5ef5aa9b4c653af3f2c55b768
|
|
|
|
© 2014 Careerjet