TEACH IN THE UAE - 2014 Job in Dubai,
Social Sciences, Key Stage 1-2 Teacher Career, Teaching and Lecturing Jobs in Academics Ltd
Candidate registration Employer registration
Login Forgot password
Login Employer registration
Forgot password
Sign in Candidate registration
Sign in Candidate registration
Sign in Employer registration
Select location
Login with:
Search jobs Search jobs
Job/Role:
Location:
Featured Jobs
Job of the week
Havering,
England
Job of the week
Reading,
Berkshire
Job of the week
Camden,
England
Job of the week
Haringey,
England
Job of the week
Waltham Forest,
England
Featured Employers
TEACH IN THE UAE - 2014 job
Job Reference:
MSUAE._1398930980
Country:
United Arab Emirates
County/ Province/ State:
Dubai
Contract Term:
Permanent
Contract Hours:
Full Time
Salary:
£2000 - £2700 per month + tax free + package
Job Phase:
High/ Secondary School
Role Type:
Teaching and Lecturing
Subject/ Skill:
Social Sciences
,
Key Stage 1-2 Teacher
Post Date:
May 01, 2014
Job Description
Academics Ltd plays a key role in assisting qualified teachers and managers in securing work in private and international schools in the UAE. Interviews are now taking place for roles in schools situated in the Emirates of Dubai, Sharjah and Abu Dhabi.All roles will start the new academic year in September 2014 with contracts of two to three years being offered. All candidates must hold a western teaching qualification (M.Ed, B.Ed, BA + Dip Teach/PGCE) and have a minimum of two years experience to be considered for work.The following teaching positions are currently being sort after1. IB teachers (PYP, MYP and IB Diploma)2. Early Years and Primary teachers3. Middle school Maths, Science, English and Humanities/SOSE4. Senior school Maths, Science (+ Science specialists), English and Humanities/SOSE5. Art, Music, Physical Education, Business/Economics and ICT/Computing secondary teachersNote/ All candidates will be pre-screened prior to any interview to give the best possible outcome. At this time of the year our vacancy list changes all the tiem so if you don't see a job in your area, don't despair and contact us nontheless so you can be kept informed of roles when they do come to hand. PackageThe UAE is a fascinating country to work/travel offering attractive tax free packages to teachers. A classroom teacher can expect to earn up to £2700/$4500USD tax free a month with the schools we service. In addition annual flights, end of contract gratuity/bonus, furnished accommodation (or accommodation allowance), medical, tuition fees for children and visa are included. Non salary package can total an extra £15K/$25KUSD a year.ApplicationsTo be considered for an interview or to work in the UAE in 2014 then click "Apply" to upload a recent CV with photo or email Michael Smith on the details below.For a list of all international jobs with Academics Ltd go to www.academicsltd.co.uk and www.academicsltd.com.au
Jobs by Location
(18) (1252) (74) (15) (5) (6) (24)
Jobs by industry
(158) (16) (24) (2)
The Educator
The Educator 2013. All Rights Reserved.
Powered by JobMount