Waiter / Waitress - Food & Beverage - Crowne Plaza Hotel Dubai Festiva jobs in Intercontinental Hotels Group in Dubai - United Arab Emirates - Naukrigulf.com
Job Seekers Login:
|
Waiter / Waitress - Food & Beverage - Crowne Plaza Hotel Dubai Festiva
at Intercontinental Hotels Group in
-
Posted: May
2, 2014 Exp:
2 - 3
yrs.
| Opening(s): 1
Education: Basic - Bachelor of Hotel Management(Hotel Management)
Gender: Not Mentioned
Industry Type:
/
/
/
Functional Area:
/
/
/
Your Message could not be sent.
Your message has been sent
Job Description
Share
Whether you're into scuba diving, golf or dancing the tango, at IHG we're interested in you. We love people who apply the same amount of passion and precision to their jobs as they do to their hobbies - people who put our guests at the heart of everything they do. And we're looking for more people like this to join our friendly and professional team.
The InterContinental Hotels Group (IHG) properties in Dubai Festival City consist of three hotel brands and a golf course. These include the luxury brand InterContinental, the superior upscale Crowne Plaza, the lavish long-stay InterContinental Residence Suites and the 18 hole championship Al Badia Golf Club.
In addition to over 1000 bedrooms, the four properties boast a selection of high quality restaurants and bars, an impressive 3,800 square meter Event Centre across two levels, the luxurious Spa InterContinental, state-of -the-art gymnasium facilities, and swimming pool facilities.
We are looking for confident, sophisticated and internationally-minded people to join over 1500 colleagues who are committed to maintaining the highest standards of luxury, quality and service which define our company.
We value the passion and enthusiasm of our colleagues, and encourage you to share your passion when you work with us.
At the moment we're looking for Waiters / Waitresses to join our energetic, enthusiastic and passionate team at Crowne Plaza Hotel Dubai Festival City.
As a Waiter / Waitress, you will ensure that all guests are served to the company standards. You will ensure that the highest standards of hospitality and welcome are demonstrated at all times, communicates with his/her superior any difficulties, guest comment and other relevant information in order to resolve any difficulty in the best way possible, establish and maintain effective employee working relationships, attend and participate in daily briefings, trainings and other meetings as scheduled, prepare in advance food, beverage, material and equipment needed for the service, constantly keep updated with all food and beverage knowledge necessary within the department and clean and re-set his/her working area.
Desired Candidate Profile
In return we'll give you a competitive tax-free financial and benefits package, hotel discounts worldwide and the chance to work with a great team of people.
You’ll join a team passionate about delivering memorable experiences that make our guests feel special, making InterContinental Hotels Dubai Festival City a great place to work. Most importantly, we’ll give you Room to be yourself So what's your passion? Please get in touch and tell us how you could bring your individual skills to IHG.
To find out more about us or any other jobs with IHG please look at www.ihg.com/careers
We are an equal opportunities employer.
JOB REQUIREMENTS:
Qualifications:
1. Previous Food & Beverage service experience
2. Should be impeccably groomed and presented
3. Excellent communication skills
4. Team work
5. Ability to work in a rotating shift and dynamic environment
Keyword: Waiter / Waitress - Food & Beverage - Crowne Plaza Hotel Dubai Festival City
|
Company Profile
Intercontinental Hotels Group
Contact Details
Website
Disclaimer: Naukrigulf.com is only a platform to bring jobseekers & employers together. Applicants are advised to research the bonafides of the prospective employer independently. We do NOT endorse any requests for money payments and strictly advice against sharing personal or bank related information.We also recommend you visit
for more information. If you suspect any fraud or malpractice, email us at
To*
From*
Subject*
Email:
Password:
Upload a latest profile photo
A CV with photo has 40% higher chances of getting noticed by employers
Upload Profile Photo
This is how your profile photo will look like.To make adjustments, you can drag around and resize the yellow dashed-square on the right panel.
When you are satisfied with your photo click the "Save Photo" button.
Browse Jobs by
Jobs By Location
Jobs By Category
Job Seekers
Recruiters
Partner Sites
Company
Information
All rights reserved © 2001-
2014 Info Edge (India) Ltd.