Captain Waiter : Another job on . Hotel jobs, global hospitality jobs, jobs in Dubai and catering jobs from Hozpitality.com
Captain Waiter
Industry:Department:Level:, Location:
Salary Description:
Competitive and based on Qualifications.
Posted:
04/05/2014
Recruiter:
Job Ref:
As a Captain Waiter, you are responsible for providing Guests with food and drinks as requested in an efficient manner and according to proper procedure and bar regulations. A Captain Waiter carries the responsibility of thoroughly understanding the menu, food offerings and food contents. Specifically, you will be responsible for performing the following tasks to the highest standards:•	Manage an efficiently operated bar shift that is in accordance with the agreed standards and regulations•	Use every possible opportunity to gain knowledge in all areas of bar supervision•	Ensure all tables receive their drinks and food as requested•	Maintain the cleanliness of all equipment used during shifts•	Maintain cleanliness of the bar and stores to Health, Safety and Hygiene standards at all times.•	Show complete awareness of all the drink and food menus and readiness to explain and recommend food and drink contents•	Ensure that all before/after service mise en place is completed to the correct standard•	Comply with Hotel Health & Safety, and Fire Regulations and procedures•	Adhere to the Hotel disciplinary policy when necessary•	Maximise revenue and increase average spend per person through upselling, high customer service standards, effective training and motivational techniques•	Demonstrate a perfect knowledge of all beverages served in the bar, how beverages are prepared (to recipe) and presented, and how Bar personnel are trained to possess this knowledge and the application of it•	Meet or exceed the monthly drink profit margin targetWhat are we looking for?•	Customer Service experience in supervisory or above capacity•	A warm personality, attentive and smartly presentable•	Ability to listen and respond to demanding Guest needs•	Excellent leadership, interpersonal and communication skills•	Accountable and resilient•	Committed to delivering high levels of customer service•	Ability to work under pressureIt would be advantageous in this position for you to demonstrate the following capabilities and distinctions:•	Previous experience in similar role•	Passion for delivering exceptional levels of guest serviceThe Ideal Candidate will currently hold this position or will have at least two year experience in 5* environment and could manage Multinational Co-workers. Relevant qualifications for role. Ability to work a variety of shifts including weekends, days, afternoons and evenings.
Alternative Job Searches
Contact Details:
Tel: +971 7 203 6666
Contact: HR Department
You may return to your current .
Featured Recruiters
Copyright © 2009 - 2014 Hozpitality. Design by
|
Jobweb
is developed by the Strategies Group Ltd.
Follow Strategies on Google+
Supported by
> Captain Waiter