F&B; Hostess - InterContinental Hotel Dubai Festival City jobs in Intercontinental Hotels Group in Dubai - United Arab Emirates - Naukrigulf.com
Job Seekers Login:
|
F&B; Hostess - InterContinental Hotel Dubai Festival City
at Intercontinental Hotels Group in
-
Posted: May
2, 2014 Exp:
3 - 4
yrs.
| Opening(s): 1
Education: Basic - Bachelor of Hotel Management(Hotel Management)
Gender: Not Mentioned
Industry Type:
/
/
/
Functional Area:
/
/
/
Your Message could not be sent.
Your message has been sent
Job Description
Share
Whether you\\'re into tennis, shopping or karaoke, at IHG we\\'re interested in YOU. At IHG we employ people who apply the same amount of care and passion to their jobs as they do their hobbies - people who put our guests at the heart of everything they do. And we\\'re looking for more people like this to join our friendly and professional team.
The InterContinental Hotels Group (IHG) properties in Dubai Festival City consist of three hotel brands and a golf course. These include the luxury brand InterContinental, the superior upscale Crowne Plaza, the lavish long-stay InterContinental Residence Suites and the 18 hole championship Al Badia Golf Club.
In addition to over 1000 bedrooms, the four properties boast a selection of high quality restaurants and bars, an impressive 3,800 square meter Event Centre across two levels, the luxurious Spa InterContinental, state-of -the-art gymnasium facilities and swimming pool facilities. Between the four properties, over 1200 colleagues are committed to maintaining the highest standards of luxury, quality and service which define the company.
At the moment we\\'re looking for a
Hostess to join or Food & Beverage Team at InterContinental Hotel Dubai Festival City .
This role will be reporting to the Outlet Captain/Outlet Supervisor and as the Hostess, you will be responsible for greeting, receiving and seating the guest in the outlet in a courteous and cordial manner. Attending to guests in the outlet courteously, efficiently and promptly under the direct supervision and guidance of the Outlet manager
The key responsibilities are:
Interacts and cooperates with headwaiter, captain, waiters, cooks and stewards.
Interacts with hotel guests as appropriate.
Interacts and cooperates with other departments as required.
Greet and receive guests at the entrance courteously and in a friendly manner.
Asks the guests for their preference whether they would like to be seated in the smoking area or non-smoking area.
Makes sure that the table is set for the correct number of persons in the party before seating them and pulls out the chair for the ladies.
Answers telephones courteously following telephone-answering procedure of the hotel.
Takes reservations according to the instructions of the Standard Operating Procedures. .
Maintains reservation book and business card cardex system.
Fulfils job as designated and any other assignments and responsibilities as deemed reasonable and necessary by the Outlet manager.
Desired Candidate Profile
Ideally, you\\'ll have some or all of the following qualifications and experience we\\'re looking for:
Minimum one year experience in a fine dining restaurant in a 5* luxury hotel
High level of passion, enthusiasm and drive for results
Excellent communication skills in English.
Team player and ability to work under pressure
Ambitious and eager to learn and grow
Keyword: F&B; Hostess - InterContinental Hotel Dubai Festival City
|
Company Profile
Intercontinental Hotels Group
Contact Details
Website
Disclaimer: Naukrigulf.com is only a platform to bring jobseekers & employers together. Applicants are advised to research the bonafides of the prospective employer independently. We do NOT endorse any requests for money payments and strictly advice against sharing personal or bank related information.We also recommend you visit
for more information. If you suspect any fraud or malpractice, email us at
To*
From*
Subject*
Email:
Password:
Upload a latest profile photo
A CV with photo has 40% higher chances of getting noticed by employers
Upload Profile Photo
This is how your profile photo will look like.To make adjustments, you can drag around and resize the yellow dashed-square on the right panel.
When you are satisfied with your photo click the "Save Photo" button.
Browse Jobs by
Jobs By Location
Jobs By Category
Job Seekers
Recruiters
Partner Sites
Company
Information
All rights reserved © 2001-
2014 Info Edge (India) Ltd.