Housekeeping Office Coordinator - InterContinental Hotels Dubai Festiv jobs in Intercontinental Hotels Group in Dubai - United Arab Emirates - Naukrigulf.com
Job Seekers Login:
|
Housekeeping Office Coordinator - InterContinental Hotels Dubai Festiv
at Intercontinental Hotels Group in
-
Posted: May
2, 2014 Exp:
2 - 3
yrs.
| Opening(s): 1
Education: Basic - Bachelor of Hotel Management(Hotel Management)
Gender: Not Mentioned
Industry Type:
/
/
/
Functional Area:
/
/
/
Your Message could not be sent.
Your message has been sent
Job Description
Share
Whether you\\'re into tennis, shopping or karaoke, at IHG we\\'re interested in YOU. At IHG we employ people who apply the same amount of care and passion to their jobs as they do their hobbies - people who put our guests at the heart of everything they do. And we\\'re looking for more people like this to join our friendly and professional team. At the moment we\\'re looking for a
Housekeeping Office Coordinator
to join our energetic, enthusiastic and passionate team at InterContinental Hotel Dubai Festival City.
The InterContinental Hotels Group (IHG) properties in Dubai Festival City consist of three hotel brands and a golf course. These include the luxury brand InterContinental, the superior upscale Crowne Plaza, the lavish long-stay InterContinental Residence Suites and the 18 hole championship Al Badia Golf Club. In addition to over 1000 bedrooms, the four properties boast a selection of high quality restaurants and bars, an impressive 3,800 square meter Event Centre across two levels, the luxurious Spa InterContinental, state-of -the-art gymnasium facilities and swimming pool facilities. Between the four properties, over 1200 colleagues are committed to maintaining the highest standards of luxury, quality and service which define the company.
We are currently looking to hire a highly motivated
Housekeeping Office Coordinator.
As a Housekeeping Office Coordinator, under the general direction of the Executive Housekeeper, and within the limits of established InterContinental Hotels Group policies and procedures, responsible for attending to the control desk telephone, communication within Housekeeping and between Housekeeping and other departments as well as clerical services of the Housekeeping department. Promotes the desired work culture around the five core values of Trust, Integrity, Respect, One Team and Service of the InterContinental Hotels Group and the brand ethos
•
Ensures forwarding and receiving of all information pertaining to the department in order to maintain set standards and achieve guest satisfaction
•
Receives, records, and distributes various reports
•
Receives, records, and transmits guest requests accurately
•
Responsible for entering accurate room status into computer daily and investigate discrepancies
•
Maintains and update administrative data
•
Maintains working area and equipment in a proper state of cleanliness and repair
•
Report guest complaints to Executive Housekeeper or delegate immediately
•
Complies with hotel’s health, safety and hygiene policies and adheres to conduct personnel grooming and hygiene standards
•
Attends meetings and training sessions as required
•
Is multi-skilled as a Room Attendant as well as other areas of Housekeeping
•
Adheres to Housekeeping standards and procedures and enforces same
Desired Candidate Profile
This hotel is managed by
InterContinental Hotels Group
Keyword: Housekeeping Office Coordinator - InterContinental Hotels Dubai Festival City
|
Company Profile
Intercontinental Hotels Group
Contact Details
Website
Disclaimer: Naukrigulf.com is only a platform to bring jobseekers & employers together. Applicants are advised to research the bonafides of the prospective employer independently. We do NOT endorse any requests for money payments and strictly advice against sharing personal or bank related information.We also recommend you visit
for more information. If you suspect any fraud or malpractice, email us at
To*
From*
Subject*
Email:
Password:
Upload a latest profile photo
A CV with photo has 40% higher chances of getting noticed by employers
Upload Profile Photo
This is how your profile photo will look like.To make adjustments, you can drag around and resize the yellow dashed-square on the right panel.
When you are satisfied with your photo click the "Save Photo" button.
Browse Jobs by
Jobs By Location
Jobs By Category
Job Seekers
Recruiters
Partner Sites
Company
Information
All rights reserved © 2001-
2014 Info Edge (India) Ltd.