Sous Chef - Zaytoun - Crowne Plaza Hotel Dubai Festival City jobs in Intercontinental Hotels Group in Dubai - United Arab Emirates - Naukrigulf.com
Job Seekers Login:
|
Sous Chef - Zaytoun - Crowne Plaza Hotel Dubai Festival City
at Intercontinental Hotels Group in
-
Posted: May
2, 2014 Exp:
2 - 4
yrs.
| Opening(s): 1
Education: Basic - Bachelor of Hotel Management(Hotel Management)
Gender: Not Mentioned
Industry Type:
/
/
/
Functional Area:
/
/
/
Your Message could not be sent.
Your message has been sent
Job Description
Share
The key responsibilities are:
o
Assisting for the development of all menus over three meal periods. o
Monitoring of company and Municipality (Dubai Health Authority) hygiene standards. o
Preparing and serving a range of Mediterranean dishes which exceed guest expectations. o
Supervising junior members of the Kitchen Brigade. o
Working closely with Restaurant manager and continually push for ways to drive the operation forward. o
Liaising with team members to design contemporary, multicultural menus. o
Continually monitoring and developing new and innovative menus.
Desired Candidate Profile
Ideally, you\\'ll have some or all of the following qualifications and experience we\\'re looking for:
o   Strong technical skill set and understanding of Mediterranean cuisine
o   Proven history in working in a multinational environment
o   Hold a internationally approved food safety certificate ideally HACCP
o   Able to work with your  team and develop basic knowledge
o   Diplomatic team player able to foster relationships with members, colleagues and guests
o   General knowledge of costing which relate to food cost control.
o   Self motivated, innovative, with a high drive for results
o   Technical literacy, including MS word, excel and presentation.
In return, we\\'ll give you a competitive benefits package including salary, insurance and the opportunity to progress your career with IHG.  You\\'ll have the chance to work with a great team of people.  Most importantly, we\\'ll give you Room to be yourself.
So what\\'s your passion? Please apply on-line and tell us how you can bring your individual skills to IHG.
To find out more about us or any other jobs with IHG please look at
www.ihg.com/careers
Keyword: Sous Chef - Zaytoun - Crowne Plaza Hotel Dubai Festival City
|
Company Profile
Intercontinental Hotels Group
Contact Details
Website
Disclaimer: Naukrigulf.com is only a platform to bring jobseekers & employers together. Applicants are advised to research the bonafides of the prospective employer independently. We do NOT endorse any requests for money payments and strictly advice against sharing personal or bank related information.We also recommend you visit
for more information. If you suspect any fraud or malpractice, email us at
To*
From*
Subject*
Email:
Password:
Upload a latest profile photo
A CV with photo has 40% higher chances of getting noticed by employers
Upload Profile Photo
This is how your profile photo will look like.To make adjustments, you can drag around and resize the yellow dashed-square on the right panel.
When you are satisfied with your photo click the "Save Photo" button.
Browse Jobs by
Jobs By Location
Jobs By Category
Job Seekers
Recruiters
Partner Sites
Company
Information
All rights reserved © 2001-
2014 Info Edge (India) Ltd.