Pool & Health Club Supervisor - InterContinental Hotel Dubai Festival jobs in Intercontinental Hotels Group in Dubai - United Arab Emirates - Naukrigulf.com
Job Seekers Login:
|
Pool & Health Club Supervisor - InterContinental Hotel Dubai Festival
at Intercontinental Hotels Group in
-
Posted: May
2, 2014 Exp:
2 - 3
yrs.
| Opening(s): 1
Education: Basic - Bachelor of Hotel Management(Hotel Management)
Gender: Not Mentioned
Industry Type:
/
/
/
Functional Area:
/
/
/
Your Message could not be sent.
Your message has been sent
Job Description
Share
Job:
Spa/Recreation -United Arab Emirates
Schedule:
Full Time
JobID:
DUB002448-EN Do you see yourself as a
Pool & Health Club Supervisor ?   What\\'s your passion? Whether you\\'re into scuba diving, golf or dancing the tango, at IHG we\\'re interested in you. We love people who apply the same amount of passion and precision to their jobs as they do to their hobbies - people who put our guests at the heart of everything they do. And we\\'re looking for more people like this to join our friendly and professional team.   The InterContinental Hotels Group (IHG) properties in Dubai Festival City consist of three hotel brands and a golf course. These include the luxury brand InterContinental, the superior upscale Crowne Plaza, the lavish long-stay InterContinental Residence Suites and the 18 hole championship Al Badia Golf Club.  In addition to over 1000 bedrooms, the four properties boast a selection of high quality restaurants and bars, an impressive 3,800 square meter Event Centre across two levels, the luxurious Spa InterContinental, state-of -the-art gymnasium facilities, and swimming pool facilities.
We are looking for confident, sophisticated and internationally-minded people to join over 1500 colleagues who are committed to maintaining the highest standards of luxury, quality and service which define our company.  We value the passion and enthusiasm of our colleagues, and encourage you to share your passion when you work with us.   At the moment we\\'re looking for  Pool & Health Club Supervisor  to join our energetic, enthusiastic and passionate team at  InterContinental Hotel Dubai Festival City.
As the Pool & Health Club Supervisor you will attend to all guests needs within Recreation and Pool Bar facilities.   You will provide prompt, efficient and courteous services to guests, members and visitors.  You will be responsible to maintain and supervise Recreation and Pool Bar facilities according to set Standards, and report repairs and maintenance concerns as necessary.  You will be responsible to ensure the safety and cleanliness of the entire Recreation and Pool Bar area.  You will coordinate with other departments to ensure great service is provided to all guests, and provide accurate and pertinent information about facilities and Hotel services.   You will supervise team member\\'s to ensure they adhere to the Hotel\\'s policies and procedures.  You will be in-charge of maintaining the proper stock levels / inventory of all F&B; items in Pool Bar.  You will provide support for continuous training of Recreation and Pool Bar colleagues.  Gather and act upon guest feedback about Recreation and Pool Bar services.  In return we\\'ll give you a competitive tax-free financial and benefits package, hotel discounts worldwide and the chance to work with a great team of people.
You’ll join a team passionate about delivering memorable experiences that make our guests feel special, making InterContinental Hotels Dubai Festival City a great place to work. Most importantly, we’ll give you Room to be yourself   So what\\'s your passion? Please get in touch and tell us how you could bring your individual skills to IHG.  To find out more about us or any other jobs with IHG please look at  www.ihg.com/careers
We are an equal opportunities employer.
Desired Candidate Profile
Minimum 2 years experience in a similar positionProven background in F&B; or Guest ServicesExcellent communication skills, written and verbalTime-management skills and strong organizational experienceAbility to foster collaboration within team members and departmentsExhibit leadership skillsPassionate about delivering the highest possible guest service as well as proper knowledge about administrative duties
Keyword: Pool & Health Club Supervisor - InterContinental Hotel Dubai Festival City
|
Company Profile
Intercontinental Hotels Group
Contact Details
Website
Disclaimer: Naukrigulf.com is only a platform to bring jobseekers & employers together. Applicants are advised to research the bonafides of the prospective employer independently. We do NOT endorse any requests for money payments and strictly advice against sharing personal or bank related information.We also recommend you visit
for more information. If you suspect any fraud or malpractice, email us at
To*
From*
Subject*
Email:
Password:
Upload a latest profile photo
A CV with photo has 40% higher chances of getting noticed by employers
Upload Profile Photo
This is how your profile photo will look like.To make adjustments, you can drag around and resize the yellow dashed-square on the right panel.
When you are satisfied with your photo click the "Save Photo" button.
Browse Jobs by
Jobs By Location
Jobs By Category
Job Seekers
Recruiters
Partner Sites
Company
Information
All rights reserved © 2001-
2014 Info Edge (India) Ltd.