Emerson Career
Job Details
Language
Arabic
Chinese (simplified)
Czech
Danish
Dutch
English
Flemish
French
German
Greek
Hungarian
Italian
Japanese
Korean
Norwegian
Polish
Portuguese
Russian
Slovakian
Spanish
Swedish
Ukrainian
Romanian
Senior Accountant
Job ID
EIA-00001265
Country
UAE
State/Province
Dubai
City
Dubai
Publish Start Date
Apr 17 2014
Job Level
Experienced (Non-Manager)
|
Job Description
Support management in margin analysis in key Middle East projects or opportunities.
·         Support and develop orders/sales forecast for Appleton Middle East destination sales.
·         Analyze monthly costs and suggest measures to control costs.
·         Finalization/Reporting:  Responsible to prepare weekly/monthly/Annual reporting package and submit to Head Office on due dates. Involves reporting of actual results and forecast for the year.
·         Tax: Responsible for all tax related issues – Filing of tax returns and tax stream reporting.
·         Inventory Control: Analyze inventory aging report and bring to management’s attention excess/slow moving inventory.
·         Finalization of Accounts: Prepare journal vouchers, review Balance sheet/P&L and finalize monthly actual results.
·         Statutory Audits: Prepare analysis and schedules required by Auditors. Liaise with them professionally to ensure audit is completed as per predetermined schedule.
·         Accounts Payable: Check and record supplier invoices (Intercompany/III Party) in Oracle and promptly settle them as per agreed terms.
·         Accounts Receivable: Issue commercial invoices in Oracle and immediately mail to customers. Follow up with customers to ensure timely settlement. Submit a status report by middle of each month to management highlighting problem cases.
·         Bank Reconciliations: Complete bank reconciliation statements before monthly accounts are finalized. Follow up and clear reconciling items in the following month.
·         Fixed Assets: Record Fixed assets in Oracle and perform annual physical checks.
·         Inventory: Complete bi-annual physical count of inventory with assistance from warehouse. Reconcile immediately, obtain managers approval and adjust in system.
·         Balance Sheet Analysis: Prepare balance sheet analysis by 15th of every month. Ensure there are no exposure to P&L in asset accounts and no excess/shortage in Liability accounts.
·         Procedures: Develop appropriate written procedures as required..
·         Vacation Back Up: Support accounting of other divisions ( Asco Numatics/Leroy Somer etc) when their accountants are on vacation.
·          Attend all annual mandatory trainings and comply with Emerson Policies and Procedures.
Job Requirements
Qualified accountant
Dubai based
Strong analysis and all round accounting experience
Multinational company experience