Office Manager
to CEO -(6th of Oct) - Int'l Company Job in Cairo - Pillars Consultancy & Recruitment - Bayt.com
OK
Cancel
Loading...
Loading...
Jobs
Jobs
Salaries
People Companies Specialties
- All -
- All -Algeria (12)Bahrain (115)Dubai (1556)Egypt (497)Iraq (81)Jordan (391)Kuwait (740)Lebanon (250)Libya (16)Morocco (12)Oman (96)Pakistan (34)Qatar (1061)Saudi Arabia (2775)Sri Lanka (64)Tunisia (6)UAE (3584)Yemen (3)
Loading...
Menu - []
›
› Job Description
Office Manager
to CEO -(6th of Oct) - Int'l Company
- ,
Date Posted: 2014/05/03 19:09:20
Ref. JB3046832
Job Description
Job Description
Maintains office services by organizing office operations and procedures; preparing payroll; controlling correspondence; designing filing systems; reviewing and approving supply requisitions; assigning and monitoring clerical functions.
•Provides historical reference by defining procedures for retention, protection, retrieval, transfer, and disposal of records.
•Maintains office efficiency by planning and implementing office systems, layouts, and equipment procurement.
•Designs and implements office policies by establishing standards and procedures; measuring results against standards; making necessary adjustments.
•Completes operational requirements by scheduling and assigning employees; following up on work results.
•Keeps management informed by reviewing and analyzing special reports; summarizing information; identifying trends.
•Maintains office staff job results by coaching, counseling, and disciplining employees; planning, monitoring, and appraising job results.
•Maintains professional and technical knowledge by attending educational workshops; reviewing professional publications; establishing personal networks; participating in professional societies.
•Achieves financial objectives by preparing an annual budget; scheduling expenditures; analyzing variances; initiating corrective actions.
•Contributes to team effort by accomplishing related results as needed.
Skills
Skills/Qualifications:
•Tracking Budget Expenses, Delegation .
• Supervision, Developing Standards, Promoting Process Improvement .
• Inventory Control, Reporting Skills.
•Reliability ,adaptability .
•communication skills.
•problem solving skills .
This job is posted in the following Specialties:
Job Details
Job Location:
Cairo, Egypt
Company Industry:
Real Estate
Company Type:
Recruitment Agency
Job Role:
Administration
Joining Date:
2014-05-10
Employment Status:
Full time
Employment Type:
Employee
Monthly Salary Range:
Unspecified
Manages Others:
No
Number of Vacancies:
1
Preferred Candidate
Career Level:
Management
Years of Experience:
Min: 5
Residence Location:
Egypt
Gender:
Female
Nationality:
Egypt
Degree:
Bachelor's degree / higher diploma
Date Posted: 2014/05/03 19:09:20
Ref. JB3046832
Recommended Courses
Invite Your
Friends to Bayt.com
Find Jobs
About Bayt.com
Bayt.com is the leading job site in the Gulf and Middle East, connecting job seekers with employers looking to hire.
Every day, thousands of new job vacancies are listed on the award-winning platform from the region's top employers.
Company
Quick Links
Follow
© 2000-2014 Bayt.com, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
-
Reproduction of material from any Bayt.com pages without written permission is strictly prohibited.