Sales Specialist - Kuwait Job in Kuwait - Randstad Middle East - Bayt.com
OK
Cancel
Loading...
Loading...
Jobs
Jobs
Salaries
People Companies Specialties
- All -
- All -Algeria (12)Bahrain (115)Dubai (1556)Egypt (497)Iraq (81)Jordan (391)Kuwait (740)Lebanon (250)Libya (16)Morocco (12)Oman (96)Pakistan (34)Qatar (1061)Saudi Arabia (2775)Sri Lanka (64)Tunisia (6)UAE (3584)Yemen (3)
Loading...
Menu - []
›
› Job Description
Sales Specialist - Kuwait
-
Date Posted: 2014/05/03 15:58:18
Ref. JB3046816
Job Description
We are currently looking for a young and goal oriented Sales Specialist based in Kuwait to work for a Multinational company within Medical Device Industry.
Responsibilities:
	Drive the sales of the company Vascular products
	Develop and maintain effective relationship with customers, KOL to achieve target and maximize profits by continued customer visits
	Implement sales & marketing strategies
	Identify new profitable business opportunities through expansion of existing products into new markets or enhancements of existing products to maximize existing markets
	Support strategy initiatives with solid market research
	Act as first point of contact for all business prospective (. process quotation, launch plan)
	To be expert in clinical studies, develop and execute strategy to use the clinical data in the region
	To develop & follow up the clinical studies required in the region to establish the company market leadership
	To execute the Medical Education program in the region
	To organize KOL’s meetings and all conferences in the region
	Work with the stretched numbers for the sales growth requirement
	Expansion of existing products into new markets
	Effectively implement and execute the sales strategies
	Report to the senior management
Skills
Knowledge & Experience
	Any Medical Degree or Biomedical Engineering Graduate
	Must have at least minimum of 5 years of relevant experience (Vascular)
	Strong sales record
	Based in Kuwait
	Computer skills in power point and Excel is a must
	Effective communication/negotiation skills
	Excellent leadership skills /people management skills
This job is posted in the following Specialties:
Job Details
Job Location:
Kuwait
Company Industry:
Medical/Hospital
Company Type:
Recruitment Agency
Job Role:
Sales
Joining Date:
Unspecified
Employment Status:
Full time
Employment Type:
Employee
Monthly Salary Range:
Unspecified
Manages Others:
Unspecified
Number of Vacancies:
1
Preferred Candidate
Career Level:
Mid Career
Years of Experience:
Unspecified
Residence Location:
Unspecified
Gender:
Unspecified
Nationality:
Unspecified
Degree:
Unspecified
About This Company
Randstad MENA are the leading specialist recruiter in the Middle East & North Africa. With an enviable reputation worldwide, we have an established and respected presence in the Middle East and North Africa and are the preferred choice for specialist staffing solutions in more customary and emerging markets across the entire region.
Date Posted: 2014/05/03 15:58:18
Ref. JB3046816
Recommended Courses
Invite Your
Friends to Bayt.com
Find Jobs
About Bayt.com
Bayt.com is the leading job site in the Gulf and Middle East, connecting job seekers with employers looking to hire.
Every day, thousands of new job vacancies are listed on the award-winning platform from the region's top employers.
Company
Quick Links
Follow
© 2000-2014 Bayt.com, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
-
Reproduction of material from any Bayt.com pages without written permission is strictly prohibited.