Food & Beverage Operations Manager - UAE Job in Dubai - Magnolia Group Middle East - Bayt.com
OK
Cancel
Loading...
Loading...
Jobs
Jobs
Salaries
People Companies Specialties
- All -
- All -Algeria (12)Bahrain (115)Dubai (1556)Egypt (497)Iraq (81)Jordan (391)Kuwait (740)Lebanon (250)Libya (16)Morocco (12)Oman (96)Pakistan (34)Qatar (1061)Saudi Arabia (2775)Sri Lanka (64)Tunisia (6)UAE (3584)Yemen (3)
Loading...
Menu - []
›
› Job Description
Food & Beverage Operations Manager - UAE
- ,
Date Posted: 2014/05/03 15:01:23
Ref. JB3046815
Job Description
Role Purpose:
The Operations Manager is responsible for overseeing the day-to-day operations of multiple outlets and supports the Brand Manager in the development and financial success of the brand and outlet.
Duties & Responsibilities:
•	Prepare annual budget and business plan for the brand outlets
•	Assist and reports to Brand
Manager in following up and supervising new brand developments
•	Ensure restaurants and production operations meet both state and departmental requirements in matter of sanitation, regulations and procedures
•	Provide overall coordination and ongoing evaluation of operations in order to identify opportunities for enhancement and exploitation
•	Ensure the provision of reliable inventory, cost control and financial data to support senior management’s decision making
•	Review, audit and analyse monthly financial reports and discuss them with the Brand Manager.
•	Prepare, implement and execute critical path for new outlet openings
•	Develop, implement and monitor a series of operational metrics to measure the effectiveness of the department across all functions
•	Manage procurement and negotiate terms of agreements with suppliers
•	Access local market competition as well as regional food and beverage trends
•	Follow up with the related departments the conformity of the practices with requirements of Ministry of Health
•	Assist the projects department in outsourcing of new contracts, and in ordering needed spare parts
•	Coordinate with Brand Manager the development of menus, point of sales systems, service procedures and standards of operation development, assessment and revision
•	Recruit, train, motivate, develop and evaluate staff
•	Liaise with IT to ensure F&B; operating system is in place, in full working order and meets the needs of the customers
•	Achieve financial and operational objectives by anticipating requirements, submitting information for premises’ budget, scheduling expenditures, analyzing variances, managing quality and cost control
Skills
7 years of F&B; Operational experience on a managerial level
HACCP certified is a plus
Good understanding of financial / accounting systems and procedures.
Proficiency in MS Office
Fluency in English; Arabic is a plus.
Education
Bachelor’s Degree in Hotel & Restaurant Management
Job Details
Job Location:
Dubai, United Arab Emirates
Company Industry:
Catering/Food Services/Restaurants
Company Type:
Employer (Private Sector)
Job Role:
Management
Joining Date:
2014-06-01
Employment Status:
Full time
Employment Type:
Employee
Monthly Salary Range:
Unspecified
Manages Others:
Yes
Number of Vacancies:
1
Preferred Candidate
Career Level:
Management
Years of Experience:
Min: 5 Max: 15
Residence Location:
United Arab Emirates
Gender:
Unspecified
Nationality:
Unspecified
Degree:
Bachelor's degree / higher diploma
Date Posted: 2014/05/03 15:01:23
Ref. JB3046815
Recommended Courses
Invite Your
Friends to Bayt.com
Find Jobs
About Bayt.com
Bayt.com is the leading job site in the Gulf and Middle East, connecting job seekers with employers looking to hire.
Every day, thousands of new job vacancies are listed on the award-winning platform from the region's top employers.
Company
Quick Links
Follow
© 2000-2014 Bayt.com, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
-
Reproduction of material from any Bayt.com pages without written permission is strictly prohibited.