alJazeera Jobs - Engagement Manager CRM (861971) Job
Jobs in Qatar, Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, Oman, Bahrain, Dubai, Abu Dhabi by alJazeera Jobs
Select Language
English
Francais
Deutsch
عربي
Español
Português
Русский
Nederlands
Türkçe
اردو
Contact alJazeera Jobs Bahrain: (+973) 16199-113
Serving Arabian Gulf Job Seekers since 2007, alJazeera Jobs
is the established, trusted and leading provider of Jobs in
, , , ,
and .
Subscribe to our custom developed Candidate
Management Service to proactively place your details in Arabic
and English into the HR systems of the leading employers in
the Gulf. Jump to the head of the queue and get hired, sign-up
.
JOB SEARCH
I'm looking for...
In location
Select Country
Saudi Arabia
UAE
Kuwait
Qatar
Bahrain
Oman
other
ACCOUNT MANAGEMENT:
|
Engagement Manager CRM (861971) Job
03 May 2014 01:24 PM - UAE
. Job Category: Services & ConsultingLocation: Dubai, AEJob ID: 861971-141133Division: Services & SupportEngagement Manager CRM Engagement Manager, Dynamics Center of Excellence EMEA, Microsoft ServicesProduct: Microsoft Dynamics CRM Travel Required: 40%Engagement Manager, Dynamics Center of Excellence - EMEA , Microsoft ServicesDo you like coaching others to be successful? Do you want to help Microsoft land the largest, most complex deals for mission critical software? If so, this role will provide the opportunity for you to help us grow our business in the enterprise. The EMEA Dynamics Center of Excellence is part of the Worldwide Dynamics Center of Excellence and is focused on providing both consulting delivery capacity and pre-sales support to large Dynamics CRM engagements across EMEA. The Center of Excellence consists of the best possible talent in the following roles: Technical Architect, Solution Architect, Senior Consultant, Engagement Manager, and Project Director.The Dynamics Center of Excellence will compete for and deliver the most strategic, complex and rewarding projects across the region. The Pursuit Desk Team will be the field-facing representatives that will lead our pre-sales efforts in winning business applications business in CRM. This person will have the opportunity to work on pre-sales engagements that will result in millions of dollars in new services business for Microsoft in the region. He/she will be report to the Pursuit Desk Lead in EMEA.Responsibilities: Specific Responsibilities include:- Win strategy formulation for large, complex deals.- Orchestration of roles and responsibilities across the pursuit team for assigned deal pursuit. - Close collaboration with colleagues in the COE, Microsoft local Services teams and field account sales teams- Represent the CoE in large deal meetings and own the CoE involvement- Represent the COE to Microsoft EMEA Management on all critical opportunities and processes- Report to the Pursuit Desk Lead on a regular basis on opportunity and pipeline status- Communicate deal recommendations to senior company executives and win support when necessary- Model critical pre-sales skills for the virtual team by meeting directly with customers when required- Adapting processes and best practices for providing effective proposals and bids in EMEAAlthough an individual contributor role, this person will be the go-to person for all pre-sales support issues for CRM. Qualifications: The CoE Engagement Manager will need to have the combination of strong business, people and enterprise business application experience. The role requires an individual who is resourceful, confident under pressure, and has demonstrated skill in both crisis management and expectation management. Strong leadership skills, excellent communication, time management; planning, project management, negotiation skills and presentation skills are highly desirable. Furthermore, the ability to effectively communicate with all levels of Fortune 500 customer managers and executives on technical and business issues is vital. The successful candidate will have excellent written & verbal communications, experience with persuading CxO level audiences, and a desire to work in fast paced environment are also required. The ideal candidate will be a successful team and solution builder with leadership qualities, an innovative self-starter who is motivated by results. - An in-depth knowledge of the sales motions that lead to successful deal pursuits- Demonstrated track record of securing large consulting deals- Experience in consulting delivery management- Successful cross-teaming skills, including leadership of v-teams to achieve large impact results- The candidate should have real-world experience with enterprise resource planning [ERP] and/or customer relationship management [CRM] businesses. A bonus would be direct experience with the Microsoft Dynamics product line.- Bachelor's degree required or equivalent work experience. MBA or other relevant graduate degree preferred.- This position will require about 40% travel, depending upon the candidate's location.Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer and supports workforce diversity. All applications for vacant positions will be welcomed and will be considered on the relative merits of the applicant against the role profile for the position regardless of color, race, nationality, ethnic origin, sex, gender, sexual orientation, marital status, disability, parental responsibilities, age, religion, or belief.World's Best International Workplaces Award Winner 2011Microsoft's privacy statement can be viewed on the following web page: privacy.microsoft (more...)
MST
Advertisement
|
|
|
|
|
All rights reserved - AlJazeeraJobs ® is a registered trade mark and unauthorised usage is strictly prohibited.
|
, , , , ,