Multiple Engineering Jobs in Lahore, Pakistan | Bullhorn Reach
Recruiters,
Today!
Already a user?
here.
Search forin >
>
Multiple Engineering Jobs· Lahore, Pakistan
Multiple Engineering Jobs
Lahore, Pakistan
Full Time Employment
Recruiter Comment: URGENT Required: Multiple Positions in an Architectural & Engineering Design Firm
Share:Job DescriptionMultiple Positions in an Architectural & Engineering Design Firm Our Client; a leading Architectural & Engineering Design Consultancy Firm ofPakistan, is looking to hire the following professionals to be based in Lahore and various other project sites. Interested candidates who meet the criteria are requested to please send their CVs (only in Microsoft Word format, no PDF please, kindly DO NOT send your other credentials like Educational Documents & Certificates until asked for) alongwith a fresh scanned photograph ASAP to
(not com) latest by April 20, 2014. When applying, please mention the position applied for in the subject line of the email. Irrelevant CV’s will not be considered. We are sorry but because of the sheer volume of CVs that we receive, we will only be able to contact shortlisted individuals. POSITION TITLES:Architects  (5-10 years Architectural / Interior design experience)Resident Engineer (15+ years supervision experience of large projects)Senior Reporting and Planning Engineer (15+ years of Reporting / Planning experience. The candidate must have strong writing skills required for USAID/World Bank project).Planning Engineer (10+ years of experience of  Planning & Reporting skills with a consultant)Structural Design Engineer (5-8 years design experience of RCC and steel structures)Firefighting Design Engineer (10 years of experience in Firefighting designs of buildings)Public Health Design Engineer (5 -10 years of experience)Infrastructure Design Engineer (5 -10 years of experience)Contract Engineer (5 -10 years of experience)Electrical & Mechanical Quantity Surveyor (7-10 years of experience with diploma in Electrical / Mechanical)Architectural Draftsman (7-10 years of experience with Diploma in Architecture)Electrical & Mechanical Draftsman (7 -10 years of experience with diploma in civil technology)Structural Draftsman (7 -10 years of experience with diploma in electrical / mechanical) COMPENSATION & BENEFITSA handsome market driven package will be offered to the suitable candidates Kindly add me in your LinkedIn Profile if you have not done that already, so that future opportunities can also be shared with you. My profile link is  Warm regards, Faizan Ali MalikLead ConsultantEnablers Consulting Cell: +92-300-843 0018Email: ProfileHR Professional, Lead Consultant
at
Lahore, PakistanOpen PositionsKarachi, PakistanLahore, PakistanKarachi, PakistanLahore, PakistanLahore, Pakistan
Hi, I'm .
Interested in this job? Get in touch.Send me a message:I'm interested in your "Job #1560410: Multiple Engineering Jobs" job in Lahore, Pakistan. Please contact me about the position.Name:Email:Phone:Attach a resume:
Become a Bullhorn Reach member and receive employment updates
Indicates a required field
© Bullhorn, Inc.