Laundry - Laundry Order Taker jobs in Rotana Hotel in Dubai - United Arab Emirates - Naukrigulf.com
Job Seekers Login:
|
Laundry - Laundry Order Taker
at Rotana Hotel in
-
Posted: May
1, 2014 Exp:
1 - 3
yrs.
| Opening(s): 1
Education: Basic - Bachelor of Hotel Management(Hotel Management)
Gender: Not Mentioned
Industry Type:
/
/
/
Functional Area:
/
/
/
Your Message could not be sent.
Your message has been sent
Job Description
Share
We are currently looking for dynamic and self motivated Laundry professionals who want to move their careers forward.
As a Laundry Order Taker you are responsible to ensure that laundry service,
required by our guest is met on time and with the highest possible standards,
whereby your role will include key responsibilities such as:
•Receive messages with regard to laundry pick up,
deliveries,
charges and special requirements from hotel guests
•Answer phone calls promptly,
following proper telephone etiquettes as trained and per the standards
•Ensure that guest services are met on time and that urgent requirements are done promptly
•Record all calls,
room number,
time of call and the name of the valet,
who attended the call,
in the logbook
•Receive outside guest and employee garments and pass them on for processing
•Inspect and sort cleaned items according to set procedures and make them ready for delivery or pick up after verifying they have been properly processed
•Mend all guest garments and ensure that all broken / missing buttons are replaced
•Record the laundry charges on the list and post the amount to guest account by using the micros machine
•Report any loss or damage of fixtures and equipment to the Laundry Manager
•Assist and replace the marker and assist supervisor with all paper work in the office
•Ensure the laundry is kept clean,
neat and tidy
•Ensure that laundry employees are knowledgeable about hotel services and facilities.
Desired Candidate Profile
Education,
Qualifications & Experiences
You should ideally have a vocational training within the laundry operation and previous experience in a similar position. Good command of written and verbal English communication skills are essentials. Computer knowledge or knowledge on micros system is a definite plus.
Knowledge & Competencies
The ideal candidate will be customer driven and a courteous individual with an outgoing and approachable character. You will work well under pressure in a fast paced environment and be a great team player,
who thrives in working with a multi-cultural team and guests alike,
while possessing following additional competencies:
Understanding the Job
Taking Responsibility
Recognizing Differences
Customer Focus
Customer Focus
Adaptability
Teamwork
Keyword: Laundry - Laundry Order Taker
|
Company Profile
Rotana Hotel
Contact Details
Website
Disclaimer: Naukrigulf.com is only a platform to bring jobseekers & employers together. Applicants are advised to research the bonafides of the prospective employer independently. We do NOT endorse any requests for money payments and strictly advice against sharing personal or bank related information.We also recommend you visit
for more information. If you suspect any fraud or malpractice, email us at
To*
From*
Subject*
Email:
Password:
Upload a latest profile photo
A CV with photo has 40% higher chances of getting noticed by employers
Upload Profile Photo
This is how your profile photo will look like.To make adjustments, you can drag around and resize the yellow dashed-square on the right panel.
When you are satisfied with your photo click the "Save Photo" button.
Browse Jobs by
Jobs By Location
Jobs By Category
Job Seekers
Recruiters
Partner Sites
Company
Information
All rights reserved © 2001-
2014 Info Edge (India) Ltd.