Front Office - Team Leader - Guest Services jobs in Rotana Hotel in Dubai - United Arab Emirates - Naukrigulf.com
Job Seekers Login:
|
Front Office - Team Leader - Guest Services
at Rotana Hotel in
-
Posted: May
1, 2014 Exp:
2 - 4
yrs.
| Opening(s): 1
Education: Basic - Bachelor of Hotel Management(Hotel Management)
Gender: Not Mentioned
Industry Type:
/
/
/
Functional Area:
/
/
/
Your Message could not be sent.
Your message has been sent
Job Description
Share
We are currently seeking for passionate and dynamic guest focused Front Office professionals who pride themselves on their ability to deliver extraordinary levels of customer service and provide creative solutions to the guests of our Centro branded properties.
As a Team Leader - Guest Services you are responsible to provide professional and multi skilled services to our guests,
ensuring that their stay will become a memorable experience and your role will include key responsibilities such as:
•Supervise all Guest Service employees ensuring that guests are taken care of in a professional and friendly manner
•Maintain effective communication with all related departments to ensure smooth service delivery
•Check the system on reservations for next two weeks and inform the sales team to fulfill sales leads accordingly
•Maintain an awareness of rate levels to be sold on a daily basis and the occupancy levels
•Ensure that every call is attended and greeted in a professional manner as per the Rotana Standard
•Verify all cashier closures of Guest Service Agents by the end of the shift for billing and attachment accuracy
•Supervise the activities of the Bellboys,
ensuring that the guest luggage is carried from arrival point to room and from room to departure point on checkout
•Ensure all guest registrations are completed and correspond with Opera PMS guest information.
Desired Candidate Profile
Education,
Qualifications & Experiences
You should ideally have a degree in hospitality with previous experiences in the Front Office Department within a hotel. Excellent written and spoken English communication skills and knowledge in an additional language,
along with strong interpersonal and problem solving abilities are essentials. Computer literate and previous experiences with Opera are an advantage.
Knowledge & Competencies
The ideal candidate should be customer driven and an extremely proactive and ‘switched on’ personality with an outgoing,
charismatic and approachable character. You must work well under pressure in a fast paced environment and be a great team player,
who thrives in working with a multi-cultural team and guests alike,
while possessing following additional competencies:
Understanding Hotel Operations
Effective Communication
Planning for Business
Supervising People
Understanding Differences
Supervising Operations
Teamwork
Adaptability
Customer Focus
Drive for Results
Keyword: Front Office - Team Leader - Guest Services
|
Company Profile
Rotana Hotel
Contact Details
Website
Disclaimer: Naukrigulf.com is only a platform to bring jobseekers & employers together. Applicants are advised to research the bonafides of the prospective employer independently. We do NOT endorse any requests for money payments and strictly advice against sharing personal or bank related information.We also recommend you visit
for more information. If you suspect any fraud or malpractice, email us at
To*
From*
Subject*
Email:
Password:
Upload a latest profile photo
A CV with photo has 40% higher chances of getting noticed by employers
Upload Profile Photo
This is how your profile photo will look like.To make adjustments, you can drag around and resize the yellow dashed-square on the right panel.
When you are satisfied with your photo click the "Save Photo" button.
Browse Jobs by
Jobs By Location
Jobs By Category
Job Seekers
Recruiters
Partner Sites
Company
Information
All rights reserved © 2001-
2014 Info Edge (India) Ltd.