Senior Planning Engineer (Operations) | Michael Page :: Oil and Gas
Michael Page Oil & Gas>Michael Page Oil & Gas>Michael Page Oil & Gas>
Michael Page Oil & Gas
> Aftermarket Manager - Rio de Janeiro
Michael Page Oil & Gas
> Pass this
on!
and
Supply Chain Manager
Michael Page Oil & Gas
> Maintenance Coordinator - Bogota
Main menu
Social Networking block
You are here
Senior Planning Engineer (Operations)
Updated: Tuesday, 6 May, 2014Job Ref No: 15112 Location (Region): Location: DubaiSubsector: Contract/Perm: PermanentLocal Salary: AED38000 Intro: One of the leading National Oil and Gas operating companies in the GCC region. The company is wholly owned by the government
Job Description: Reporting to the Head of Cost Control and Planning, the Senior Planning Manager is a key role within the company who will ensure a high level of standard in the planning and cost control spheres. The key responsibilities of this role include the following:-
• Monitoring and helping Planning Engineers to ensure a high standard of work.
• Reviewing all plans for offshore operations and ensuring they are complete.
• Recognising potential problems and providing solutions to avoid delays.
• Ensuring intelligent monitoring of projects: materials and equipment, fabrication and subcontracts, and offshore construction and maintenance.
• Preparing plans for shutdowns, turnarounds, overhauls, and maintenance.
• Developing high levels plans, and for developing POB forecasts for both Greenfields and Brownfield.
• Liaising with offshore planning groups to identify project site activities.
Who we're looking for: The successful profile for this role will be a highly motivated individual who possesses a number of traits and qualifications. These include:
• 10-15 years of project control and planning experience within engineering and construction in the oil and gas industry.
• Previous experience at an oil company, or with an oil industry engineering project management contractor .
• Developing high level plans and POB forecasting for both Green and Brown fields.
• Experience of preparing plans for shutdowns, turnarounds, overhauls, and maintenance.
• Proficiency in Primavera, or other similar planning systems.
• Bachelors degree in Mechanical or other engineering discipline.
• Highly developed skills of teamwork and communication.
About our client: Our client is one of the leading National Oil and Gas operating companies in the GCC region. The company is wholly owned by the government
What's On Offer: The successful candidate will be offered a full tax-free salary with family status. The package benefits will include base, housing, flights, education, medical, and bonus. The role is a great opportunity to work with one of the leading National Oil and Gas companies, and to be part of a highly talented and motivated workforce.
Consultant: Fahad Mahmood
Apply for this job
First Name
Last Name
Email Address
Upload your CV
Identify the location of your CV (.doc .docx .rtf .txt) size of 2MB
Please click here to see our . By submitting your CV you indicate your consent for Michael Page International to process your personal details in relation to potential job vacancies. Your details will be processed in accordance with the . Michael Page International terms and conditions apply.
I agree with the Terms & Conditions
Find an Office
Legal information
About us
Jobs