Food & Beverage - Waiter / Waitress jobs in Rotana Hotel in Dubai - United Arab Emirates - Naukrigulf.com
Job Seekers Login:
|
Food & Beverage - Waiter / Waitress
at Rotana Hotel in
-
Posted: May
1, 2014 Exp:
1 - 2
yrs.
| Opening(s): 1
Education: Basic - Diploma(Hotel Management)
Gender: Not Mentioned
Industry Type:
/
/
/
Functional Area:
/
/
/
Your Message could not be sent.
Your message has been sent
Job Description
Share
We’re currently looking for young,
dynamic,
self motivated Food & Beverage professionals who want to move their careers forward.
As a Waiter / Waitress you are responsible to provide professional service to our guests,
ensuring their restaurant visit will become a memorable dining experience whereby your role will include key responsibilities such as:
• Perform all necessary tasks to service food & beverage according to the standard of performance manual of the hotel
• Greet and seat customers and serve them in a professional,
discreet and personalized way
• Acquire in depth knowledge of the food & beverage menu of the assigned outlet in order to assist and provide advice to guests
• Consistently monitor quality of food & beverage being served
• Practice good customer relations and attend to customer complaints / queries satisfactorily
• Responsible for maintaining hygiene and cleanliness standards in the outlet and upkeep of all service equipment
• Responsible for all service preparations before,
during and after the service (mis-en-place & mis-en-scene)
• Ensure minimum wastage,
breakage and spoilage
• Actively use up selling techniques to exceed guest expectations and increase revenue
Desired Candidate Profile
Education,
Qualifications & Experiences
You should ideally have a diploma / degree in hospitality or a vocational training in food & beverage with previous experiences as a Waiter / Waitress in a high volume restaurant. A good command of English and additional skills,
like guest service and interpersonal are essentials.
Knowledge & Competencies
The ideal candidate will be hands-on with a true passion for people and service along with a positive and pleasant attitude. You will thrive working in a busy environment and stay calm under pressure,
have attention to details and should possess following competencies:
Understanding the Job
Taking Responsibility
Recognizing Differences
Customer Focus
Adaptability
Teamwork
Keyword: Food & Beverage - Waiter / Waitress
|
Company Profile
Rotana Hotel
Contact Details
Website
Disclaimer: Naukrigulf.com is only a platform to bring jobseekers & employers together. Applicants are advised to research the bonafides of the prospective employer independently. We do NOT endorse any requests for money payments and strictly advice against sharing personal or bank related information.We also recommend you visit
for more information. If you suspect any fraud or malpractice, email us at
To*
From*
Subject*
Email:
Password:
Upload a latest profile photo
A CV with photo has 40% higher chances of getting noticed by employers
Upload Profile Photo
This is how your profile photo will look like.To make adjustments, you can drag around and resize the yellow dashed-square on the right panel.
When you are satisfied with your photo click the "Save Photo" button.
Browse Jobs by
Jobs By Location
Jobs By Category
Job Seekers
Recruiters
Partner Sites
Company
Information
All rights reserved © 2001-
2014 Info Edge (India) Ltd.