Housekeeping - Housekeeping Attendant jobs in Rotana Hotel in Dubai - United Arab Emirates - Naukrigulf.com
Job Seekers Login:
|
Housekeeping - Housekeeping Attendant
at Rotana Hotel in
-
Posted: May
1, 2014 Exp:
1 - 2
yrs.
| Opening(s): 1
Education: Basic - Diploma(Hotel Management)
Gender: Not Mentioned
Industry Type:
/
/
/
Functional Area:
/
/
/
Your Message could not be sent.
Your message has been sent
Job Description
Share
We are currently seeking for passionate and dynamic guest focused Housekeeping professionals who pride themselves on their ability to deliver extraordinary levels of customer service and provide creative solutions to our guests.
As a Housekeeping Attendant you are responsible for daily assigned duties as instructed by Supervisors while adhering to hotel policies and procedures and your role will include key responsibilities such as:
•Receive work assignment,
keys and supplies from the supervisor and sign the key log book accurately
•Clean rooms and bathrooms,
performing any combination of the following duties
•Keep fire exits and stair ways clear of any obstruction
•Check and report any maintenance work required immediately
•Pick up any litter from corridors and pathways
•Vacuum carpet and upholstered furniture,
dust and wipe furniture,
empty ashtrays and wastebaskets
•Make bed,
wash sink,
bathtub,
toilet,
tiles,
mirrors and floor and polish brass and metal
•Replenish bathroom supplies and room supplies
•Tidy and arrange neatly guest toilet articles on vanity top and spot cleans carpet when necessary
•Clean and keep the guest corridors,
service pantries and service areas neat and tidy at all times
•Remove Room Service tray and trolley from guestroom and corridors
•Inform valet service to collect guests clothes for laundry,
dry cleaning or pressing services
Desired Candidate Profile
Education,
Qualifications & Experiences
You should ideally have a vocational training within the Housekeeping Department of a hotel. Good command of English is an advantage.
Knowledge & Competencies
The ideal candidate will be a friendly,
caring,
dedicated individual with good cross cultural sensitivity and the willingness to put in an extra effort and time when required,
as well as the passion to serve customers. You will work well under pressure in a fast paced environment and enjoy working with a multi-cultural team and guests alike,
while possessing following additional competencies:
Understanding the Job
Taking Responsibility
Recognizing Differences
Customer Focus
Customer Focus
Adaptability
Teamwork
Keyword: Housekeeping - Housekeeping Attendant
|
Company Profile
Rotana Hotel
Contact Details
Website
Disclaimer: Naukrigulf.com is only a platform to bring jobseekers & employers together. Applicants are advised to research the bonafides of the prospective employer independently. We do NOT endorse any requests for money payments and strictly advice against sharing personal or bank related information.We also recommend you visit
for more information. If you suspect any fraud or malpractice, email us at
To*
From*
Subject*
Email:
Password:
Upload a latest profile photo
A CV with photo has 40% higher chances of getting noticed by employers
Upload Profile Photo
This is how your profile photo will look like.To make adjustments, you can drag around and resize the yellow dashed-square on the right panel.
When you are satisfied with your photo click the "Save Photo" button.
Browse Jobs by
Jobs By Location
Jobs By Category
Job Seekers
Recruiters
Partner Sites
Company
Information
All rights reserved © 2001-
2014 Info Edge (India) Ltd.