Physical therapists for Home care Job in Hawali - Dar Al-Shifa Hospital - Bayt.com
OK
Cancel
Loading...
Loading...
Jobs
Jobs
Salaries
People Companies Specialties
- All -
- All -Algeria (12)Bahrain (115)Dubai (1556)Egypt (497)Iraq (81)Jordan (391)Kuwait (740)Lebanon (250)Libya (16)Morocco (12)Oman (96)Pakistan (34)Qatar (1061)Saudi Arabia (2775)Sri Lanka (64)Tunisia (6)UAE (3584)Yemen (3)
Loading...
Menu - []
›
› Job Description
Physical therapists for Home care
- ,
Date Posted: 2014/05/03 06:25:46
Ref. JB3046763
Job Description
The Physical Therapist provides physical therapy services to patients in their home at the request of the primary care
disabilities, injuries and diseases through the use of massage, therapeutic exercises, hydrotherapy, electrotherapy and manipulation, according to the written prescription of the doctor. Participate in educational and teaching programs for other sections of the medical staff on Physical Therapy.
Skills
The Home Care Physical Therapists provide care to patients/ clients of all ages who have impairments, activity limitations, and participation restrictions due to musculoskeletal, neuromuscular, cardiovascular/pulmonary, and/or integumentary disorders.
- Assess treatment requested by physician by studying patient’s records and by examining patient’s signs, and propose changes in treatment according to findings, as necessary.
- Examination is required prior to the initial intervention and is performed for all patients/clients.
Job Details
Job Location:
Hawali, Kuwait
Company Industry:
Healthcare, Practitioner and Technician
Company Type:
Employer (Private Sector)
Job Role:
Healthcare/Medical
Joining Date:
2014-06-01
Employment Status:
Full time
Employment Type:
Employee
Monthly Salary Range:
Unspecified
Manages Others:
Unspecified
Number of Vacancies:
2
Preferred Candidate
Career Level:
Mid Career
Years of Experience:
Min: 3 Max: 5
Residence Location:
Kuwait
Gender:
Female
Nationality:
Unspecified
Degree:
Bachelor's degree / higher diploma
About This Company
Dar Al Shifa Hospital
is
one of the leading internationally accredited hospital which offers primary , secondary and selected tertiary care services in healthcareStarted in 1961, Dar Al-Shifa was initially launched as a private maternity hospital in Kuwait. The hospital bloomed and progressed to offer Pediatric care, ENT, Internal Medicine. As continuity to the great success; A New Dar Al-Shifa Hospital location was established in Hawalli city, equipped with the latest international medical technology and run by highly competent American and European experienced medical staff of all areas and expertise. The hospital emphasized its concern to offer utmost comfort to its patients by providing prestigious suites and luxurious rooms especially designed to create a cozy home atmosphere accompanied with a warm personalized attendance in patient's care. As an expansion to our efforts in developing our services to the community of Kuwait, we continuously explore the potential to ally with internationally recognized medical leaders such as recently affiliating with Georges Pompidou Hospital in France and exclusively representing Care Unit (UK) in Kuwait and the GCC.
Date Posted: 2014/05/03 06:25:46
Ref. JB3046763
Recommended Courses
Invite Your
Friends to Bayt.com
Find Jobs
About Bayt.com
Bayt.com is the leading job site in the Gulf and Middle East, connecting job seekers with employers looking to hire.
Every day, thousands of new job vacancies are listed on the award-winning platform from the region's top employers.
Company
Quick Links
Follow
© 2000-2014 Bayt.com, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
-
Reproduction of material from any Bayt.com pages without written permission is strictly prohibited.