Employer information for Kershaw Leonard
- GNcareers
FIND YOUR DREAM JOB
Accounting
Architecture & Design
Arts & Entertainment
Auto Industry
Aviation
Banking & Finance
Beauty, Health & Fitness
Biotechnology & Science
Customer Service
Domestic
Driving
Engineering & Construction
Government & Emiratisation
HR
Hospitality
IT
Insurance
Legal
Logistics
Managerial
Manufacturing & Production
Marketing & PR
Media
Medical
Miscellaneous
Oil & Gas
Purchasing & Procurement
Real Estate & Property Services
Retail & Wholesale
Sales & Business Development
Secretarial
Teaching
Technical & Skilled
Travel
This site requires javascript to be enabled.
[New User? ]
»
Kershaw Leonard
Kershaw Leonard is committed to finding ‘First Class’ people for its ‘World Class’ Clients. Since our inauguration in September 1999, We have become well-respected specialists for all aspects of Human Resource Consultancy and Recruitment, and bring a standard of professional conduct (through the Recruitment Employment Confederation UK) to the industry here in the Middle East. Our qualified Consultants deliver a unique quality of service that is designed to meet the individual needs of both Candidates and Clients.
Our specialist recruitment divisions cover permanent, temporary and contract staff, and Executive Search, in the following sectors:
Senior Executives and Directors; Design; Engineering and Construction; Finance and Banking; Human Resources and Training; IT and Telecoms; Legal; Logistics and Supply Chain Management; Media; Office Management; Retail; Sales and Marketing and Secretarial and Business Support.
We are members of the following Associations:-
The Recruitment and Employment Confederation UK.
Dubai Human Resource Forum.
British Business Group.
Canadian Business Council.
International Business Women's Group.
As individual members of the Recruitment Employment Confederation UK, we are governed by a professional , and adhere to a strict code of confidentiality and professionalism.
We could tell you that we are better than everyone else, or, that we have the perfect Candidate from our vast database, or the ideal position at our fingertips, but would you believe us? You've heard it all before. So why have so many clients and candidates chosen to share in our success?
We believe it is because we are committed to helping our Candidates, by carefully analyzing and matching their recruitment needs, and adding value to our Clients, by providing a superior cost-efficient service, without compromising on quality. Kershaw Leonard offers a professional, personal service and continues to pull out all the stops through extensive networking and powerful intuitive searching, to ensure a successful result.
If you are looking for a partnership that is individual, and tailor made to your recruitment needs, where ‘best practice’ is the ‘code of practice’ then Kershaw Leonard is the consultancy for you.
Line of Business:Contingency Recruitment (search and selection):
Kershaw Leonard Consultants work closely with their Clients to ensure they understand their organisation and working culture, infrastructure and objectives, and their specific requirements. After an initial onsite visit with the recruiter, (wherever possible), we will also meet with line managers who can provide us with any additional information. Job descriptions or briefs will be taken for each individual vacancy, if necessary from the existing job description or developed with the recruiter.
Information required:
Title
Reporting lines
Job function
Core competencies
Technical ability
Previous experience
Educational background
Languages required
Team skills
Personal Specification
Salary guidelines
Benefits package
Work timings
After a full description of the vacancy has been taken, the Consultant will then source suitable candidates. This may take the form of a database search, personal recommendation, advertising, networking or executive search.
Our trained Recruitment Consultants will conduct an in-depth interview with each Candidate before short listing to the Client. A profile of each Candidate will support the shortlist.
Skills assessments will be given to Secretarial and Business Support staff to test their PC skills. Written assignments can be given to Receptionists, Personal Assistants, Customer Service Co-coordinators and Sales staff. A psychometric assessment can be given upon request (please see HR Consultancy Services for further details).
Kershaw Leonard is committed to finding ‘First Class’ people for its ‘World Class’ Clients. Since our inauguration in September 1999, We have become well-respected specialists for all aspects of Human Resource Consultancy and Recruitment, and bring a standard of professional conduct (through the Recruitment Employment Confederation UK) to the industry here in the Middle East. Our qualified Consultants deliver a unique quality of service that is designed to meet the individual needs of both Candidates and Clients.
Locality:Office G15 Ground Floor Block 13
Area:Dubai
Area:Dubai Knowledge Village
Country:United Arab Emirates
There are no active positions available at this time.
Quick Search
Keywords
Search job title only
Location
Radius
Exact Location
1 kilometer
5 kilometers
10 kilometers
15 kilometers
25 kilometers
50 kilometers
75 kilometers
150 kilometers
FEATURED JOBS
Company
Career Centre
This Site
© Copyright 2014 Al Nisr Publishing LLC - powered by Gulf News
|
|
|
|