Food & Beverage - Room Service Order Taker jobs in Rotana Hotel in Dubai - United Arab Emirates - Naukrigulf.com
Job Seekers Login:
|
Food & Beverage - Room Service Order Taker
at Rotana Hotel in
-
Posted: May
1, 2014 Exp:
1 - 2
yrs.
| Opening(s): 1
Education: Basic - Bachelor of Hotel Management(Hotel Management)
Gender: Not Mentioned
Industry Type:
/
/
/
Functional Area:
/
/
/
Your Message could not be sent.
Your message has been sent
Job Description
Share
We are currently looking for young,
dynamic,
self motivated Food & Beverage professionals who want to move their careers forward.
As a Room Service Order Taker you are responsible to co-ordinate all service requirements addressed to Room Service and ensure their immediate action,
aiming for the highest possible guest satisfaction. The role will include key responsibilities such as:
•Perform tasks as per instructions from the immediate supervisor and as per duty schedule
•Directly involved in the order taking and order placing process while dealing with guest requests and orders,
courteously,
efficiently and promptly
•Know all menus and on going promotions in the outlet by heart and gives recommendations to guests upon request
•Ensure proper appearance and grooming while on duty
•Answer the Room Service telephones,
if and when required
•Make himself / herself familiar with all relevant issues concerning the Room Service
•Report cleanliness and maintenance issues to the immediate supervisor
•Attend regular training session in line with the departmental SOP’s i.e. guest care,
product knowledge,
grooming standards,
telephone manners etc
•Flexible to work in other areas when required by the immediate supervisor
•Familiar with the company’s internal policies and safety procedures and carries out other related tasks entrusted by the Room Service Manager from time to time.
Desired Candidate Profile
Education,
Qualifications & Experiences
You should ideally have a degree / diploma in hospitality with preferable previous experiences in a similar role. Good English communication skills are essential. Computer Knowledge and additional language skills are an advantage.
Knowledge & Competencies
The ideal candidate will be customer driven and a proactive individual with an outgoing and approachable character. You will work well under pressure in a fast paced environment and be a great team player,
who thrives in working with a multi-cultural team and guests alike,
while possessing following additional competencies:
Understanding the Job
Taking Responsibility
Recognizing Differences
Customer Focus
Customer Focus
Adaptability
Teamwork
Keyword: Food & Beverage - Room Service Order Taker
|
Company Profile
Rotana Hotel
Contact Details
Website
Disclaimer: Naukrigulf.com is only a platform to bring jobseekers & employers together. Applicants are advised to research the bonafides of the prospective employer independently. We do NOT endorse any requests for money payments and strictly advice against sharing personal or bank related information.We also recommend you visit
for more information. If you suspect any fraud or malpractice, email us at
To*
From*
Subject*
Email:
Password:
Upload a latest profile photo
A CV with photo has 40% higher chances of getting noticed by employers
Upload Profile Photo
This is how your profile photo will look like.To make adjustments, you can drag around and resize the yellow dashed-square on the right panel.
When you are satisfied with your photo click the "Save Photo" button.
Browse Jobs by
Jobs By Location
Jobs By Category
Job Seekers
Recruiters
Partner Sites
Company
Information
All rights reserved © 2001-
2014 Info Edge (India) Ltd.