Food & Beverage - Busboy jobs in Rotana Hotel in Dubai - United Arab Emirates - Naukrigulf.com
Job Seekers Login:
|
Food & Beverage - Busboy
at Rotana Hotel in
-
Posted: May
1, 2014 Exp:
1 - 2
yrs.
| Opening(s): 1
Education: Basic - Bachelor of Hotel Management(Hotel Management)
Gender: Not Mentioned
Industry Type:
/
/
/
Functional Area:
/
/
/
Your Message could not be sent.
Your message has been sent
Job Description
Share
We are currently looking for young,
dynamic,
self motivated F&B; professionals who want to move their careers forward.
As a Busboy you are responsible to provide basic support and service task to the assigned outlet,
aiming for the highest possible customer satisfaction and the role will include key responsibilities such as:
•Perform tasks as per instructions from the immediate Supervisor and as per duty schedule e.g. basic cleaning work,
polishing equipment,
table settings etc
•Communicate with guests as per instructions e.g. place orders in the kitchen,
pick up the food,
clear and reset tables
•Ensure proper appearance and grooming while on duty
•Maintain a professional and friendly yet discreet relationship with the outlet patrons to ensure their wellbeing
•Be familiar with all menus,
promotions and relevant issues concerning the assigned outlet
•Report cleanliness and maintenance issues to the immediate Supervisor
•Attend all regular departmental briefings and contribute to an open communication within the assigned team
•Be familiar with the company’s internal policies and safety procedures.
Desired Candidate Profile
Education,
Qualifications & Experiences
You should ideally have a vocational training in hospitality with preferable similar previous experiences. Good English communication skills are essential and additional language skills are an advantage.
Knowledge & Competencies
The ideal candidate will be customer driven and an extremely proactive individual with an outgoing and approachable character. You are a humble,
dedicated individual,
who works well under pressure in a fast paced environment and be a great team player,
who thrives in working with a multi-cultural team and guests alike,
while possessing following additional competencies:
Understanding the Job
Taking Responsibility
Recognizing Differences
Customer Focus
Customer Focus
Adaptability
Teamwork
Keyword: Food & Beverage - Busboy
|
Company Profile
Rotana Hotel
Contact Details
Website
Disclaimer: Naukrigulf.com is only a platform to bring jobseekers & employers together. Applicants are advised to research the bonafides of the prospective employer independently. We do NOT endorse any requests for money payments and strictly advice against sharing personal or bank related information.We also recommend you visit
for more information. If you suspect any fraud or malpractice, email us at
To*
From*
Subject*
Email:
Password:
Upload a latest profile photo
A CV with photo has 40% higher chances of getting noticed by employers
Upload Profile Photo
This is how your profile photo will look like.To make adjustments, you can drag around and resize the yellow dashed-square on the right panel.
When you are satisfied with your photo click the "Save Photo" button.
Browse Jobs by
Jobs By Location
Jobs By Category
Job Seekers
Recruiters
Partner Sites
Company
Information
All rights reserved © 2001-
2014 Info Edge (India) Ltd.