Kitchen - Speciality Outlet Chef (English) jobs in Rotana Hotel in Dubai - United Arab Emirates - Naukrigulf.com
Job Seekers Login:
|
Kitchen - Speciality Outlet Chef (English)
at Rotana Hotel in
-
Posted: May
1, 2014 Exp:
3 - 5
yrs.
| Opening(s): 1
Education: Basic - Bachelor of Hotel Management(Hotel Management)
Gender: Not Mentioned
Industry Type:
/
/
/
Functional Area:
/
/
/
Your Message could not be sent.
Your message has been sent
Job Description
Share
We are currently seeking for passionate and dynamic Kitchen professionals who pride themselves on their ability to deliver extraordinary levels of customer service and provide creative solutions to our guests.
As a Specialty Outlet Chef - English you are responsible for the smooth operation of the outlet kitchen with emphasis on quality,
presentation within the guidelines of the standardized menus,
and employee training and head up our significant restaurant,
whereby your role will include key responsibilities such as:
•Supervise the Outlet Kitchen in the preparation and presentation of all food items in accordance with the hotel’s SOPs and standardized menu guidelines
•Monitor regular standards of production to ensure highest level of quality
•Monitor all aspects pertaining to the control of the hotel’s food cost
•Participate in the drafting of concept ideas and menus for all special events and functions while encouraging all employees to put forward their ideas and utilizing them wherever practical
•Ensure HACCP standards are implemented and follow the appropriate hygiene standards as per Municipality requirements at all times
•Ensure consistent on the job training session for culinary colleagues and promote health and safety
Desired Candidate Profile
Education,
Qualifications & Experiences
You should have a professional kitchen apprenticeship or chefs training course and at least three years experiences in quality establishments along with excellent specialized culinary skills. The ability to communicate well in English and a proven track of food preparation,
presentation and preservation knowledge is an essential.
Knowledge & Competencies
The ideal candidate will be positively spirited and passionate about food and be committed to work together with the service team to deliver an amazing guest experiences every time. You will demonstrate energy and enthusiasm at work,
be customer driven,
‘hands on’ and organized. You portray a strong,
firm and fair effective leadership style and have proven the ability to work in a multicultural environment and under difficult condition while possessing following additional competencies:
Understanding Hotel Operations
Effective Communication
Planning for Business
Supervising People
Understanding Differences
Supervising Operations
Teamwork
Adaptability
Customer Focus
Drive for Results
Keyword: Kitchen - Speciality Outlet Chef (English)
|
Company Profile
Rotana Hotel
Contact Details
Website
Disclaimer: Naukrigulf.com is only a platform to bring jobseekers & employers together. Applicants are advised to research the bonafides of the prospective employer independently. We do NOT endorse any requests for money payments and strictly advice against sharing personal or bank related information.We also recommend you visit
for more information. If you suspect any fraud or malpractice, email us at
To*
From*
Subject*
Email:
Password:
Upload a latest profile photo
A CV with photo has 40% higher chances of getting noticed by employers
Upload Profile Photo
This is how your profile photo will look like.To make adjustments, you can drag around and resize the yellow dashed-square on the right panel.
When you are satisfied with your photo click the "Save Photo" button.
Browse Jobs by
Jobs By Location
Jobs By Category
Job Seekers
Recruiters
Partner Sites
Company
Information
All rights reserved © 2001-
2014 Info Edge (India) Ltd.