Food & Beverage - Hostess jobs in Rotana Hotel in Dubai - United Arab Emirates - Naukrigulf.com
Job Seekers Login:
|
Food & Beverage - Hostess
at Rotana Hotel in
-
Posted: May
1, 2014 Exp:
1 - 2
yrs.
| Opening(s): 1
Education: Basic - Diploma(Hotel Management)
Gender: Not Mentioned
Industry Type:
/
/
/
Functional Area:
/
/
/
Your Message could not be sent.
Your message has been sent
Job Description
Share
We are currently looking for young,
dynamic,
self motivated female Food & Beverage professionals who want to move their careers forward.
As a Hostess you are responsible to receive and give a warm welcome to our guests,
providing an efficient and courteous approach at all times and your role will include key responsibilities such as:
•Offer consistently professional,
friendly,
warm and engaging service
•Welcome guests to the assigned outlet,
receive and conduct guests to tables,
ensure that they are attended to and be available for them at all times as a point of contact
•Take outlet reservations,
handle the reservation book and answer the telephone in an impeccable manner
•Set up the outlet prior to the business hours along with the service team
•Coordinate with the service team in making necessary arrangements according to floor plan for reservations or blocking off reserved tables
•Observe the cleanliness and maintenance of the outlet and the entrance area
•Assure the well-being of all guests by maintaining a close,
friendly,
yet discrete contact
•Be aware of all menus and ongoing promotions in the outlet by heart in order to recommend if a guest requests
•Contribute in setting up the outlets database
•Reassure the guests’ satisfaction upon their departure.
Desired Candidate Profile
Education,
Qualifications & Experiences
You should ideally have a diploma / degree in hospitality with preferable previous experiences in the Food & Beverage Department within a hotel. You must deal in a polite and sophisticated manner and have an excellent command of the English language,
both spoken and written. Multiple language ability is considered as additional advantage.
Knowledge & Competencies
The ideal candidate will be service orientated and strive to exceed the expectations of our guests at every turn. You are enthusiastic and committed with good interpersonal skills and a positive attitude and a great smile,
be smart in appearance and well groomed,
while possessing following additional competencies:
Understanding the Job
Taking Responsibility
Recognizing Differences
Customer Focus
Customer Focus
Adaptability
Teamwork
Keyword: Food & Beverage - Hostess
|
Company Profile
Rotana Hotel
Contact Details
Website
Disclaimer: Naukrigulf.com is only a platform to bring jobseekers & employers together. Applicants are advised to research the bonafides of the prospective employer independently. We do NOT endorse any requests for money payments and strictly advice against sharing personal or bank related information.We also recommend you visit
for more information. If you suspect any fraud or malpractice, email us at
To*
From*
Subject*
Email:
Password:
Upload a latest profile photo
A CV with photo has 40% higher chances of getting noticed by employers
Upload Profile Photo
This is how your profile photo will look like.To make adjustments, you can drag around and resize the yellow dashed-square on the right panel.
When you are satisfied with your photo click the "Save Photo" button.
Browse Jobs by
Jobs By Location
Jobs By Category
Job Seekers
Recruiters
Partner Sites
Company
Information
All rights reserved © 2001-
2014 Info Edge (India) Ltd.