Housekeeping - Public Area Supervisor jobs in Rotana Hotel in Dubai - United Arab Emirates - Naukrigulf.com
Job Seekers Login:
|
Housekeeping - Public Area Supervisor
at Rotana Hotel in
-
Posted: May
1, 2014 Exp:
2 - 4
yrs.
| Opening(s): 1
Education: Basic - Bachelor of Hotel Management(Hotel Management)
Gender: Not Mentioned
Industry Type:
/
/
/
Functional Area:
/
/
/
Your Message could not be sent.
Your message has been sent
Job Description
Share
We are currently seeking for passionate and dynamic guest focused Housekeeping professionals who pride themselves on their ability to deliver extraordinary levels of customer service and provide creative solutions to our guests.
As a Public Area Supervisor you are responsible for all public areas,
including lobby,
restaurants,
lounges,
executive offices,
pool area,
public washrooms,
garden areas,
corridors,
pathway,
banquets,
perimeter of hotel,
heart of the house corridors,
locker rooms,
staircases etc. and your role will include key responsibilities such as:
•Inform Superiors about any damage or theft,
loss to hotel property
•Supervise daily the cleaning of hotel public areas
•Supervise and coordinate pest control,
flowers,
plants and periodical cleaning operations in the area of responsibility
•Conduct on-job training to subordinates and maintain all records
•Report maintenance defects and follow up with Engineering
•Clean public areas in emergency situations
•Inspect for cleanliness,
proper amenities and maintenance defects
•Report all lost and found articles immediately to the desk coordinator
Desired Candidate Profile
Education,
Qualifications & Experiences
You should ideally have a diploma or vocational training hospitality with previous minor supervisory experiences within the Housekeeping Department of a hotel. Good command of written and spoken English communication skills,
along with strong interpersonal and problem solving abilities are essentials. Computer literacy and previous experiences with Opera are an advantage.
Knowledge & Competencies
The ideal candidate will be a friendly,
caring individual with good cross cultures sensitivity and a concern for quality and an eye for details. You will work well under pressure in a fast paced environment and enjoy working with a multi-cultural team and guests alike,
while possessing following additional competencies:
Understanding Hotel Operations
Effective Communication
Planning for Business
Supervising People
Understanding Differences
Supervising Operations
Teamwork
Adaptability
Customer Focus
Drive for Results
Keyword: Housekeeping - Public Area Supervisor
|
Company Profile
Rotana Hotel
Contact Details
Website
Disclaimer: Naukrigulf.com is only a platform to bring jobseekers & employers together. Applicants are advised to research the bonafides of the prospective employer independently. We do NOT endorse any requests for money payments and strictly advice against sharing personal or bank related information.We also recommend you visit
for more information. If you suspect any fraud or malpractice, email us at
To*
From*
Subject*
Email:
Password:
Upload a latest profile photo
A CV with photo has 40% higher chances of getting noticed by employers
Upload Profile Photo
This is how your profile photo will look like.To make adjustments, you can drag around and resize the yellow dashed-square on the right panel.
When you are satisfied with your photo click the "Save Photo" button.
Browse Jobs by
Jobs By Location
Jobs By Category
Job Seekers
Recruiters
Partner Sites
Company
Information
All rights reserved © 2001-
2014 Info Edge (India) Ltd.