Customer Services leader jobs in Manpower Professional in Dubai - United Arab Emirates - Naukrigulf.com
Job Seekers Login:
|
Customer Services leader
at Manpower Professional in
-
Posted: May
1, 2014 Exp:
2 - 4
yrs.
| Opening(s): 1
Education: Basic - Bachelor of Arts, Bachelor of Business Administration(Management)
Gender: Not Mentioned
Industry Type:
/
Functional Area:
/
Your Message could not be sent.
Your message has been sent
Job Description
Share
A world leader in the production of Adhesives and chemical products for building is seeking to recruit a dynamic and experienced Customer Services Team Leader/Manager. You will be reporting directly to the Commercial Director
RESPONSIBILITIES
A) To coordinate and manage relation in a timely manner between |CSR team and company's logistics,sales and Finance departments;
B) Organize and prioritizes duties among the team members.
C) Recognizing and managing assertive customer needs.
D) Investigates and resolves customer complains
E) Set goals and the key performance criteria and accountabilities within the department
F) A) To ensure that customer orders are efficiently and effectively managed in order to meet customer’s requirements.
G) To creat and build a strong relation with both external and internal customers to meet overall company objectives
The job holder is responsible to fully understand all the related Quality Management Procedures ,Corporate Procedures and company’s Local QMS Procedures related to their specific activities. These QMS procedures will form part of each employees Quality Assurance Induction & Training Programme, as issued by the responsible department head / department manager.
• Actively participate in the company’s Health & Safety programs.
• Personal Protective Equipment – PPE , care of all company issued PPE is the responsibility of the Job holder, if the PPE should become damaged or require replacement to notify the QAHSE Department immediately. Damaged PPE should not be used under any circumstances.
• Inform the Management of the potential or possibility of any claims, accident, injury or incident with the use of our products.
• Ensure that the product supplied to/or specified with our customers is technically fit for purpose and complies with our own HSE requirements and those of our customers.
MAIN ACTIVITIES
1. Creat and implement working plans and activity for the team
2. Ensure and maintain high level of relationship and communication with company's-Managment Team, sales team,logistic and finince depatments
3. Review with Finance invoicing,payment issues, credit limit and other finance issues.
4. Effectively trains team members on the best use and utilization of the system
5. Promote teamwork
6. Implement department standard operating procedures
7. Review pending and open orders on monthly basis and take the necessary corrective measures
8. Ensure customer orders are reviewed, accepted and delivered
9. quoted prices are maintained and authorized; credit facilities are not exceeded.
10. Organize and optimize deliveries to customer
11. Ensure the proper opening and maintaining of the customer account by ensuring all relevant data is recorded and updated including credit application form delivery address,billing addressand point of contact.
12. Ensure that customer queries in respect of selling prices and availability are answered expeditiously and accurately.
13. Ensure that orders are supported with proper documentation and dispatched promptly.
14. Liaise with sales team, export distributors, inter-company and company’s personnel as necessary and coordinate with logestics for the booking of containers and trucks.
15. Maintain all records as required by the company’s ISO procedures.
16. Implements and maintains cash sales management system and ensure accuracy of all cash transactions.
17. Manage cash sales return and correctly document such transaction in line with the finical department guidelines
18. Document in a monthly report key issues in conjunction with the CSM.
19. Coordinates feedback information with team members and customer
20. Stand-in for other CSR’s whenever necessary or as directed.
21. Ensure that all work is carried out in accordance with the company’s HSE and Quality programmes.
Expected Start Date 	Immediate
Job Post Date 	16-Mar-2014 0:00 AM
Desired Candidate Profile
Preferred Gender 	N/A
Languages 	English
Degree from recognised University
Keyword: Customer Services leader
|
Company Profile
Manpower Professional
Contact Details
Website
Disclaimer: Naukrigulf.com is only a platform to bring jobseekers & employers together. Applicants are advised to research the bonafides of the prospective employer independently. We do NOT endorse any requests for money payments and strictly advice against sharing personal or bank related information.We also recommend you visit
for more information. If you suspect any fraud or malpractice, email us at
To*
From*
Subject*
Email:
Password:
Upload a latest profile photo
A CV with photo has 40% higher chances of getting noticed by employers
Upload Profile Photo
This is how your profile photo will look like.To make adjustments, you can drag around and resize the yellow dashed-square on the right panel.
When you are satisfied with your photo click the "Save Photo" button.
Browse Jobs by
Jobs By Location
Jobs By Category
Job Seekers
Recruiters
Partner Sites
Company
Information
All rights reserved © 2001-
2014 Info Edge (India) Ltd.