Masseur - Crowne Plaza Dubai-Deira jobs in Intercontinental Hotels Group in Dubai - United Arab Emirates - Naukrigulf.com
Job Seekers Login:
|
Masseur - Crowne Plaza Dubai-Deira
at Intercontinental Hotels Group in
-
Posted: May
1, 2014 Exp:
2 - 4
yrs.
| Opening(s): 1
Education: Basic - Bachelor of Hotel Management(Hotel Management)
Gender: Not Mentioned
Industry Type:
/
/
/
Functional Area:
/
/
/
Your Message could not be sent.
Your message has been sent
Job Description
Share
Key Responsibilities:
•
To educate guests about the different types of massages and its benefits during inquiries, up selling during or before starting the therapy.
•
To suggest and recommend other health club facilities upon inquiries and offer competent and professional orientation of the facilities that would help clients acquires adequate information of the positive needs to be part of this community.
•
To share fruitful ideas of his experience and exposure towards setting up competitive outstanding promotions targeting the spa (massages) that would certainly meet and maximize the business.
•
To ensure and promote repeat guests by constructing professional relations that ignites ‘a like to Love’ atmosphere for clients and from competent skills and knowledge of the services offered.
•
To monitor the use of the facilities and ensure that un-authorized persons are not permitted to enter and use the health club facilities unless they are a hotel guest, club member or permitted visitors.
•
To ensure the careful handling of all cleaning materials, chemicals and machinery and to follow the necessary safety precautions to safeguard the risk of injury to oneself and to guests.
•
To maintain control and ensure that the guests and members follow the rules of the health club and hotel.
•
To be responsible in the event of staff sickness, emergency incidents and offer First Aid services whenever necessary.
At IHG we are committed to developing our team and managing our talent and would encourage internal as well as external candidates to apply for any of our vacancies.
So what\\\\'s your passion? Please get in touch and tell us how you could bring your individual skills to IHG.
We are an equal opportunities employer.
Desired Candidate Profile
The ideal candidate should have a willingness to put in an extra effort and time when required, as well as the passion to serve colleagues. You will work well under pressure in a fast paced environment and enjoy working with a multi-cultural team and guests alike, while possessing following additional skills & competencies:
Previous experience within Health Club or similar environment preferred
4-5 Star Hotel Experience
Strong communication skills
Excellent Hospitality Skills
Pro-active and reliable
Able to work alone and within a team
Can work under pressure
Valid and well recognized International Certificate for completion of First Aid, CPR and AED
Certified in Massage Therapy
Keyword: Masseur - Crowne Plaza Dubai-Deira
|
Company Profile
Intercontinental Hotels Group
Contact Details
Website
Disclaimer: Naukrigulf.com is only a platform to bring jobseekers & employers together. Applicants are advised to research the bonafides of the prospective employer independently. We do NOT endorse any requests for money payments and strictly advice against sharing personal or bank related information.We also recommend you visit
for more information. If you suspect any fraud or malpractice, email us at
To*
From*
Subject*
Email:
Password:
Upload a latest profile photo
A CV with photo has 40% higher chances of getting noticed by employers
Upload Profile Photo
This is how your profile photo will look like.To make adjustments, you can drag around and resize the yellow dashed-square on the right panel.
When you are satisfied with your photo click the "Save Photo" button.
Browse Jobs by
Jobs By Location
Jobs By Category
Job Seekers
Recruiters
Partner Sites
Company
Information
All rights reserved © 2001-
2014 Info Edge (India) Ltd.