Executive Housekeeper at InterContinental Dubai Marina jobs in Intercontinental Hotels Group in Dubai - United Arab Emirates - Naukrigulf.com
Job Seekers Login:
|
Executive Housekeeper at InterContinental Dubai Marina
at Intercontinental Hotels Group in
-
Posted: May
1, 2014 Exp:
3 - 5
yrs.
| Opening(s): 1
Education: Basic - Bachelor of Hotel Management(Hotel Management)
Gender: Not Mentioned
Industry Type:
/
/
/
Functional Area:
/
/
/
Your Message could not be sent.
Your message has been sent
Job Description
Share
You\\\\'ll be a genuine, motivated and professional person with a hands on approach in overseeing the Housekeeping operation.
Ideally, you\\\\'ll have the following qualifications and experience we\\\\'re looking for:
Proven pre-opening and operational experience in the same position in luxury hotel
Strong leadership and management skills
Detail oriented and extremely organized
Drive for results of high quality standards
Excellent analytical and problem-solving skills
Able to work under pressure in a fast pace environment
Further, as Executive Housekeeper, you will be responsible for
motivating your team.
You will be required to ensure that all staff within your department are adequately trained and developed in line with company policy.
You will actively guide and lead the team to ensure a high level of performance and service delivery.
Desired Candidate Profile
Ideally you will have 3 years of experience in a managerial role with relevant school/college qualifications. You will have experience in a similar role, have the ability to communicate at all levels and will be passionate about developing your career.
Keyword: Executive Housekeeper at InterContinental Dubai Marina
|
Company Profile
Intercontinental Hotels Group
Contact Details
Website
Disclaimer: Naukrigulf.com is only a platform to bring jobseekers & employers together. Applicants are advised to research the bonafides of the prospective employer independently. We do NOT endorse any requests for money payments and strictly advice against sharing personal or bank related information.We also recommend you visit
for more information. If you suspect any fraud or malpractice, email us at
To*
From*
Subject*
Email:
Password:
Upload a latest profile photo
A CV with photo has 40% higher chances of getting noticed by employers
Upload Profile Photo
This is how your profile photo will look like.To make adjustments, you can drag around and resize the yellow dashed-square on the right panel.
When you are satisfied with your photo click the "Save Photo" button.
Browse Jobs by
Jobs By Location
Jobs By Category
Job Seekers
Recruiters
Partner Sites
Company
Information
All rights reserved © 2001-
2014 Info Edge (India) Ltd.