Emerson Career
Job Details
Language
Arabic
Chinese (simplified)
Czech
Danish
Dutch
English
Flemish
French
German
Greek
Hungarian
Italian
Japanese
Korean
Norwegian
Polish
Portuguese
Russian
Slovakian
Spanish
Swedish
Ukrainian
Romanian
Project Pursuit Manager
Job ID
EPM-00007198
Country
UAE
State/Province
Dubai
City
Dubai
Publish Start Date
Mar 26 2014
Job Level
Supervisor / Manager
|
Job Description
Overall Purpose of the Role
Assume a Project Pursuit sales role in developing the Process Systems & Solutions business in MEA.
Roles and Responsibilities
Identifying projects in customer account.
Early engagement with end users, project management consultants, EPC.
Promoting business benefits of PlantWeb to customers at all levels.
Maximize project opportunities by ensuring PlantWeb technologies are specified at the conceptual design stage.
Profile projects and establish a clear understanding of business drivers and process control requirements.
Liaise with Emerson personnel worldwide for Global PlantWeb Project Pursuits.
Capture customer key business drivers and ensure inclusion within Emerson proposals.
Take a pro-active role in working with the Emerson Global Project Pursuit Team and regional account managers and pursue control system projects to achieve order conversion and maximize the potential for all PSS products and services.
Ensure AO/MHM components are included in each pursuit.
Ensure Wireless is included in each pursuit.
Develop and implement compelling strategies and project vision for major project pursuits.
Leverage existing and develop new relationships with key executive decision-makers to successfully position the Emerson as a preferred supplier of technology, products, services and solutions.
Take on leadership in MAC project pursuits to manage all available resources within Emerson Process Management to be successful.
Keep up-to-date with developments and trends in products, industries and market condition.
Develop and participate in DOA presentation/process.
Maintain accurate project funnel and forecast.
Establish and maintain communications through PSS team.
Ensure compliance to Ethical and Trade Compliance Policies.
Competitor analysis.
Maintain and Update PATT records.
Fulfill any other reasonable duties as required.
Job Requirements
Education and Qualifications
Professional - Engineering/CA/ICWA/MBA
Experience
8 - 10 Years Experience
Languages
Fluency in English. Arabic speaking would be an advantage.
Lominger Competencies
Action Oriented, Business Acumen, Career Ambition, Comfort Around Higher Management, Conflict Management, Customer Focus, Dealing With Ambiguity, Decision Quality, Ethics and Values, Interpersonal Savvy, Listening
Additional Company Information
How to apply:
If you feel that your skills and attributes match the Emerson requirements please apply via the careers pages by completing the online application and uploading an up to date CV
Emerson MEA Selection Process:
The selection process once shortlisting has been completed will involve an initial telephone screening interview followed up, if successful, by a full selection event at one of our regional offices.
Equal Opportunities:
Emerson Middle East & Africa are an equal opportunities employer and hiring decisions will be made regardless of sex, race, religious belief, age, disability or sexual orientation.
Contact Information
We operate a preferred supplier list for recruitment agencies and search firms. This list is reviewed periodically, but we are not currently considering adding any new suppliers - and we're continuing our existing policy of not accepting unsolicited CVs from any recruitment agencies or search firms. We'd also ask that you refrain from routinely contacting HR or our business leaders.
Additional Website Information