Food & Beverage Marketing Manager with Shangri-La Hotel, Dubai | 10878767
Jobseekers
|
Jobseekers
Food & Beverage Marketing Manager
Recruiter
Shangri-La Hotel, Dubai
Posted
01 May 2014
Closes
29 May 2014
Location
Dubai, UAE
Job Type
, , , , ,
Sector
Job Level
Further information
Are you Shangri-La?
It takes a very special kind of person to work at Shangri-La.
Someone with an eye for detail and the skills to perform.
Someone with an attitude to deliver and a passion to delight.
The award-winning Shangri-La Hotel, Dubai offers luxurious accommodations, exceptional dining and gracious hospitality in the heart of one of the world's most dynamic cities.
Located along Sheikh Zayed Road, the 42 storey hotel is 15 minutes from Dubai International Airport and 5 minutes from the Dubai Convention Centre, World Trade Centre, Dubai International Financial Centre and downtown Burj Khalifa Dubai.  It is within close proximity to shopping malls including the famous Dubai Mall as well as Dubai’s popular beaches.
The hotel’s 490 rooms, service apartments and residences offer a combination of traditional luxury and modern functionality. Fantastic views and thoughtfully-selected furnishings create an experience of unparalleled style and comfort.
The potential candidate should have experience in CRM systems and card membership drives. The candidate should be self-driven and understands business requirements, in particular F&B.  They should be creative and organise member activities, understands the Software applications, and manages the membership database.  They will be responsible for renewals, comments, complaints and network with the members on a regular basis to promote hotel services.
Shangri-La Hotel, Dubai
The Shangri-La Hotel, Dubai is Shangri-La Hotels & Resorts' first venture in the United Arab Emirates and, since opening in July 2003,
Share this job
Options
More jobs like this
People who applied for this job also applied for
Competitive Package
Competitive Salary
good package
Catererglobal.com is a trademark of Totaljobs Group Ltd. © 2013 Copyright and database rights Totaljobs Group Ltd.Powered by .