PHP Developer Job in Amman - NCIT Solutions - Bayt.com
OK
Cancel
Loading...
Loading...
Jobs
Jobs
Salaries
People Companies Specialties
- All -
- All -Algeria (12)Bahrain (115)Dubai (1556)Egypt (497)Iraq (81)Jordan (391)Kuwait (740)Lebanon (250)Libya (16)Morocco (12)Oman (96)Pakistan (34)Qatar (1061)Saudi Arabia (2775)Sri Lanka (64)Tunisia (6)UAE (3584)Yemen (3)
Loading...
Menu - []
›
› Job Description
PHP Developer
- ,
Date Posted: 2014/05/02 17:28:12
Ref. JB3046625
Job Description
We are looking for a PHP developer who is dedicated to his craft, writes code that he/she is proud of and can hit the ground running. We need you to write beautiful, fast PHP to a high standard, in a timely and scalable way that improves the code-base of our products in meaningful ways.
You will be a part of a creative team that is responsible for all aspects of the ongoing software development from the initial specification, through to developing, testing and launching.
Responsibilities
Write “clean”, well designed code
Produce detailed specifications
Troubleshoot, test and maintain the core product software and databases to ensure strong optimization and functionality
Contribute in all phases of the development lifecycle
Follow industry best practices
Develop and deploy new features to facilitate related procedures and tools if necessary
Skills
Requirements
2+ years of software development experience in PHP
Shift is Monday through Saturday - 4:00 PM to 12:00 PM
Ability to work with Common PHP Frameworks:
- Zend Framework
- FuelPHP
- CodeIgniter
Understanding of open source projects like Joomla, Drupal, Wikis, osCommerce, etc
Demonstrable knowledge of web technologies including HTML, CSS, Javascript, AJAX etc
Good knowledge of relational databases, version control tools and of developing web services
Experience in common third-party APIs (google, facebook, ebay etc)
Ability to build applications using high-level Frameworks such as Zend Framework, FuelPHP, etc
Passion for best design and coding practices and a desire to develop new bold ideas
This job is posted in the following Specialties:
Job Details
Job Location:
Amman, Jordan
Company Industry:
Information Technology
Company Type:
Employer (Private Sector)
Job Role:
Technology/IT
Joining Date:
Unspecified
Employment Status:
Full time
Employment Type:
Employee
Monthly Salary Range:
Unspecified
Manages Others:
Unspecified
Number of Vacancies:
1
Preferred Candidate
Career Level:
Mid Career
Years of Experience:
Min: 2
Residence Location:
Amman,Jordan
Gender:
Unspecified
Nationality:
Unspecified
Degree:
Unspecified
About This Company
The mission of NCITSolutions is to provide viable, low cost outsourcing solutions. We offer you offshore services tailor made to suit your distinctive requirements. Our low cost IT solutions afford you a competitive edge while delivering tangible results. With a software team whose core competencies range from software design to graphic design, we are equipped to process all your IT needs as we operate on a vast gamut of systems such as: Linux, UNIX, Solaris, Windows 9x/NT/2000/XP/CE, Symbian OS, Palm OS, and Pocket PC.
NCITSolutions is an independent and unique organization that was created with the objective of facilitating offshore/outsourcing services to enable clients to benefit from potential business opportunities made available through the creation of free and fair markets in the Middle East region.
Date Posted: 2014/05/02 17:28:12
Ref. JB3046625
Similar Jobs
Confidential Company - ,
Recommended Courses
Invite Your
Friends to Bayt.com
Find Jobs
About Bayt.com
Bayt.com is the leading job site in the Gulf and Middle East, connecting job seekers with employers looking to hire.
Every day, thousands of new job vacancies are listed on the award-winning platform from the region's top employers.
Company
Quick Links
Follow
© 2000-2014 Bayt.com, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
-
Reproduction of material from any Bayt.com pages without written permission is strictly prohibited.