Lobby Attendant (Female) jobs in Hozpitality Consulting in Dubai - United Arab Emirates - Naukrigulf.com
Job Seekers Login:
|
Lobby Attendant (Female)
at Hozpitality Consulting in
-
Posted: Apr 30, 2014 Exp:
2 - 3
yrs.
| Opening(s): 1
Education: Basic - Bachelor of Hotel Management(Hotel Management)
Gender: Not Mentioned
Industry Type:
/
/
/
Functional Area:
/
/
/
Your Message could not be sent.
Your message has been sent
Job Description
Share
Management of Majestic Hotel Tower Dubai proudly announces its upcoming venues i.e. A Trendy Up Market Bar and A Greek Restaurant in new Dubai. For these venues, we are looking for young, dynamic and multilingual team members who can add value to our product and services for our targeted clientele. Candidates with sound knowledge of Food & Beverage with proven track record in the hospitality industry in UAE are encouraged to apply.
Desired Candidate Profile
If you’re a hard working, motivated, customer-oriented team player in search of a dynamic, ethical, multi-national work environment where you will not only contribute to success but also learn and develop your career, apply to us today.
Lobby Attendant (Female)
Should have minimum 02 years of exp in a 4* or 5* Hotel in similar job role.	Basic Salary : 900 AED plus Accomodation,Tranportation,Medical Insurance and Service Charges
Female
Keyword: Lobby Attendant (Female)
|
Company Profile
Hozpitality Consulting
Contact Details
Website
Disclaimer: Naukrigulf.com is only a platform to bring jobseekers & employers together. Applicants are advised to research the bonafides of the prospective employer independently. We do NOT endorse any requests for money payments and strictly advice against sharing personal or bank related information.We also recommend you visit
for more information. If you suspect any fraud or malpractice, email us at
To*
From*
Subject*
Email:
Password:
Upload a latest profile photo
A CV with photo has 40% higher chances of getting noticed by employers
Upload Profile Photo
This is how your profile photo will look like.To make adjustments, you can drag around and resize the yellow dashed-square on the right panel.
When you are satisfied with your photo click the "Save Photo" button.
Browse Jobs by
Jobs By Location
Jobs By Category
Job Seekers
Recruiters
Partner Sites
Company
Information
All rights reserved © 2001-
2014 Info Edge (India) Ltd.