Technical Proposal Engineer Job in Cairo - AAW Consulting Engineers - Bayt.com
OK
Cancel
Loading...
Loading...
Jobs
Jobs
Salaries
People Companies Specialties
- All -
- All -Algeria (12)Bahrain (115)Dubai (1556)Egypt (497)Iraq (81)Jordan (391)Kuwait (740)Lebanon (250)Libya (16)Morocco (12)Oman (96)Pakistan (34)Qatar (1061)Saudi Arabia (2775)Sri Lanka (64)Tunisia (6)UAE (3584)Yemen (3)
Loading...
Menu - []
›
› Job Description
Technical Proposal Engineer
- ,
Date Posted: 2014/05/02 13:49:45
Ref. JB3046614
Job Description
Prepares proposals by determining concept; gathering and formatting information; writing drafts; obtaining approvals.
Determines proposal concept by identifying and clarifying opportunities and needs; studying requests for proposal (RFPs); attending strategy meetings.
Meets proposal deadline by establishing priorities and target dates for information gathering, writing, review, and approval; entering and monitoring tracking data; coordinating requirements with contributors; contributing proposal status information to review meetings; transmitting proposals.
Gathers proposal information by identifying sources of information (TORs); coordinating submissions and collections; identifying and communicating risks associated with proposals.
Develops proposal by assembling information including project nature, objectives/outcomes/deliverables, implementation, methods, timetable, staffing, budget, standards of performance, and evaluation; writing, revising, and editing drafts including executive summaries, conclusions, and organization credentials.
Prepares presentation by evaluating text, graphics, and binding; coordinating printing.
Maintains quality results by using templates; following proposal-writing standards including readability, consistency, and tone; maintaining proposal support databases.
Obtains approvals by reviewing proposal with key providers and project managers.
Improves proposal-writing results by evaluating and re-designing processes, approach, coordination, and boilerplate; implementing changes.
Skills
Presentation Skills, Written Communication, Graphic Design Skills, Technical Documentation, Layout Skills, Problem Solving, Deadline-Oriented, Process Improvement, Coordination, Strategic Planning, Market Knowledge
This job is posted in the following Specialties:
Education
Engineering
Job Details
Job Location:
Cairo, Egypt
Company Industry:
Construction/Civil Engineering; Consulting Services
Company Type:
Employer (Private Sector)
Job Role:
Engineering
Joining Date:
2014-06-01
Employment Status:
Full time
Employment Type:
Employee
Monthly Salary Range:
Unspecified
Manages Others:
Yes
Number of Vacancies:
2
Preferred Candidate
Career Level:
Mid Career
Years of Experience:
Min: 5 Max: 10
Residence Location:
Egypt
Gender:
Male
Nationality:
Egypt
Degree:
Bachelor's degree / higher diploma
About This Company
AAW is an international, multidisciplinary firm established in 1957 in Cairo, Egypt. with the aim of participating in the development of Countries of the Region by providing professional engineering services.
The firm is mainly established and structured to fulfill the specific needs of national programs related to public utilities, community services, industrial facilities and infrastructure projects.
AAW has, through the years, proved its leading position amongst the top international consultants through the successful completion of over 800 major projects.
AAW’s total staffing is currently about 600 and is spread through offices in Egypt , the
Middle East, and Africa.
In addition to Cairo Head Office, AAW maintains permanent Regional Offices in
Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates, Sultanate of Oman, Yemen , Qatar, and Morocco, which are instantly communicating with each other and with the powerful supporting set-up in Cairo Head Office through a state of the art computer network and electronic communication links to enhance the swift implementation of overseas projects.
In addition, AAW is currently carrying out
projects in Syria, Sudan, Uganda, Tanzania, Mozambique, and Namibia.
AAW has always aspired to achieve project objectives by the selection of the most highly qualified professionals with practical experience combined with academic knowledge.
Our key professionals are active on numerous scientific and professional committees, and participate in scientific research.
AAW activities currently cover, architectural, structural, mechanical, electrical engineering, roads, airports, communication engineering, electric power production and transmission, hydraulics of water supply and wastewater collection system, and hydrology engineering, biological and chemical treatment of water, wastewater and industrial wastes. Last but not least, evaluation of environmental impact of different projects related activities.
Date Posted: 2014/05/02 13:49:45
Ref. JB3046614
Recommended Courses
Invite Your
Friends to Bayt.com
Find Jobs
About Bayt.com
Bayt.com is the leading job site in the Gulf and Middle East, connecting job seekers with employers looking to hire.
Every day, thousands of new job vacancies are listed on the award-winning platform from the region's top employers.
Company
Quick Links
Follow
© 2000-2014 Bayt.com, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
-
Reproduction of material from any Bayt.com pages without written permission is strictly prohibited.