Job opening for Network Specialist with Oil & Gas industry - Muscat jobs in Sofomation in Muskat
,
Oman - Oman , Abu Dhabi
,
Dubai
,
Ajman ,
Sharjah ,
fujairah ,
- United Arab Emirates - Naukrigulf.com
Job Seekers Login:
|
Javascript is disabled.
Please enable javascript in your browser if you wish to apply to this job.
Apply Unsuccessful.
Your application for the job could not be completed because you have not provided the additional information requested by the Employer
Job opening for Network Specialist with Oil & Gas industry - Muscat
at Sofomation in
,
-
,
,
,
,
,
,
-
Posted: May
2, 2014 Exp:
10 - 16
yrs.
| Salary: $3001 - $8000
| Opening(s): 1
Education: Basic - Bachelor of Science(Electronics), Diploma(Electrical, Electronics), Bachelor of Technology/Engineering(Electrical, Electronics/Telecomunication)
Nationality: Omani
Industry Type:
Functional Area:
Your Message could not be sent.
Your message has been sent
Job Description
Share
Hello ,
Greetings!
We are - SOFOMATION - a human resource staffing agency providing highest standards of quality and professionalism. We pride ourselves on our efficient, professional and yet personal services both to our clients and applicants and our ability to supply the right staff complements the recruitment needs of our esteemed clients.
We have a job opening for the position of Network Specialist with Oil & Gas Industry
Location: Oman
•	Bachelor Degree in Electrical, electronics/communications engineering, Computer Science or related fields with minimum of 5 years in telecommunication and networking field, OR college diploma in related field with minimum of 10 years in telecommunication and networking field.
•	CCNA/CCNP Cisco professional certifications are must and CCIE is preferred.
•	The responsibilities of the current occupation must include solid interaction with Cisco systems that requires deep knowledge. High level of Cisco system knowledge is not enough for this position.
•	Depth knowledge of TCP/IP: Networking Technologies, Routing protocols, Cisco Call Manager, and competitive technologies are preferred.
•	Hands-on experience with Cisco routers, switches, Cisco Unified Communications and VOIP systems, Microsoft Windows Operating systems and Office software products is preferred.
•	Knowledge of RF Communication concepts, radio and transmission systems are preferred.
•	Knowledge of Microsoft Office programs.
Good communication and interpersonal skills.
The Network Specialist responsibilities
•	Participates as a team member in the implementation and support of systems in a production environment.
•	Troubleshoot and diagnose network, Client/Server, and all issues under these responsibilities, also work to provide and produce diagrams and systems documentation to be used by others.
•	Manage projects, projects schedules and responsible for project deliverables.
•	Primary responsibility for all communication systems infrastructure in locations including: VSAT ,Switches,
Routers , Wireless LAN
, VoIP , telephone systems , telephones, Thuraya units and other systems that may be introduced.
•	Responsible for IP PABXs operation and setup.
•	Administers WAN devices including router, compression and bandwidth management devices.
•	Administers and supports network backbone and edge switches.
•	Diagnoses network problems and bottlenecks and initiates remedial action if needed.
•	Responsible for all ISP contacts and coordination efforts.
•	Responsible for frequency licenses and radios license control with TRA.
•	Responsible for Administration task like Purchase orders, Inventory control, and equipment disposal.
•	Responsible for WAN backbone structured cabling system for voice and data.
•	Maintain up-to date documentation of telecom / WAN & LAN infrastructure
•	Responsible for problem diagnosis of hardware and software problems utilizing appropriate tools and diagnostic techniques.
•	Identify and suggest opportunities to enhance communication infrastructure.
•	Ensure adherence to corporate standards when introducing new technology.
•	Maintain up-to-date inventory of all telecoms related equipment.
Provides training and consultancy on telecoms related systems when required
If you are interested, kindly send us your updated CV in MS Word Format and the details below at the earliest.
Total years of experience:
Years of experience Networking:
Current employer name:
Current salary in USD per month:
Expected salary in USD per month:
Notice period:
Nationality:
Date of birth:
Contact no:
Current Location:
Ready to relocation
Passport
Visa status
We would share your details with the client. If your CV is shortlisted, the client will invite you for interview.
****Please provide us with references or share this email with your friends/colleagues who are suitable for this opportunity and might be interested to apply!
Thanks & Regards,
Rucha Shetye
Sofomation Energy
Email Id: rucha@sofomation.com
Visit us at: www.sofomation.com
Keyword:
Network Administrator Network Admin Network Administration
|
Additional Information for this Job
Employer has requested some additional information along with your
Application for this Job* Mandatory fields
*
Q1:
Relevant experience
280 characters
Company Profile
Greeting
We are - SOFOMATION - a human resource staffing agency providing highest standards of quality and professionalism. We pride ourselves on our efficient, professional and yet personal services both to our clients and applicants and our ability to supply the right staff complements the recruitment needs of our esteemed clients.
Disclaimer: Naukrigulf.com is only a platform to bring jobseekers & employers together. Applicants are advised to research the bonafides of the prospective employer independently. We do NOT endorse any requests for money payments and strictly advice against sharing personal or bank related information.We also recommend you visit
for more information. If you suspect any fraud or malpractice, email us at
To*
From*
Subject*
Email:
Password:
Upload a latest profile photo
A CV with photo has 40% higher chances of getting noticed by employers
Upload Profile Photo
This is how your profile photo will look like.To make adjustments, you can drag around and resize the yellow dashed-square on the right panel.
When you are satisfied with your photo click the "Save Photo" button.
Browse Jobs by
Jobs By Location
Jobs By Category
Job Seekers
Recruiters
Partner Sites
Company
Information
All rights reserved © 2001-
2014 Info Edge (India) Ltd.