Executive Chef jobs in Hozpitality Consulting in Dubai - United Arab Emirates - Naukrigulf.com
Job Seekers Login:
|
Executive Chef
at Hozpitality Consulting in
-
Posted: Apr 30, 2014 Exp:
2 - 4
yrs.
| Opening(s): 1
Education: Basic - Bachelor of Hotel Management(Hotel Management)
Gender: Not Mentioned
Industry Type:
/
/
/
Functional Area:
/
/
/
Your Message could not be sent.
Your message has been sent
Job Description
Share
Be fully in charge in overseeing and directing all aspects of the kitchen operation in a 5 Star Luxury hotel in the quiet Heliopolis of Cairo, Egypt. Keep up with market trends. Ensure that all buffet and plating are executed with fresh, attractive designs that are consistently picture perfect.
The hotel features spa services, swimming pools, 300 guestrooms, and 9 FB outlets serving a wide range of cuisine including Egyptian, Lebanese, Italian, Indian, Sushi, and French inspired afternoon tea.
A versatile Executive Chef is needed with at least 5 years similar experience in the Middle East, Egypt preferred of course. The position is responsible for overseeing 100 cooks and 40 stewards as a patient trainer who communicates clearly in a manner that will motivate the team. Responsible for maintaining all food safety and hygiene standards while improving the SOPs and controlling food costs.
Desired Candidate Profile
The position offers an excellent expat package with salary in the US $55-65k range plus medical, dental, housing, etc. Europeans are highly encouraged to apply.
Keyword:
|
Company Profile
Hozpitality Consulting
Contact Details
Website
Disclaimer: Naukrigulf.com is only a platform to bring jobseekers & employers together. Applicants are advised to research the bonafides of the prospective employer independently. We do NOT endorse any requests for money payments and strictly advice against sharing personal or bank related information.We also recommend you visit
for more information. If you suspect any fraud or malpractice, email us at
To*
From*
Subject*
Email:
Password:
Upload a latest profile photo
A CV with photo has 40% higher chances of getting noticed by employers
Upload Profile Photo
This is how your profile photo will look like.To make adjustments, you can drag around and resize the yellow dashed-square on the right panel.
When you are satisfied with your photo click the "Save Photo" button.
Browse Jobs by
Jobs By Location
Jobs By Category
Job Seekers
Recruiters
Partner Sites
Company
Information
All rights reserved © 2001-
2014 Info Edge (India) Ltd.