French Chef- Top 5 star hotel, Dubai jobs in Hozpitality Consulting in Dubai - United Arab Emirates - Naukrigulf.com
Job Seekers Login:
|
French Chef- Top 5 star hotel, Dubai
at Hozpitality Consulting in
-
Posted: Apr 30, 2014 Exp:
2 - 3
yrs.
| Opening(s): 1
Education: Basic - Bachelor of Hotel Management(Hotel Management)
Gender: Not Mentioned
Industry Type:
/
/
/
Functional Area:
/
/
/
Your Message could not be sent.
Your message has been sent
Job Description
Share
A top branded international 5 star hotel in Dubai is looking for a Chef de Cuisine for their French Restaurant.
It is a contemporary 100 seat (indoor outdoor) open kitchen concept restaurant with two sections, a casual bistro/bar section and a more gourmet section with floor to ceiling Wine and cheese cellars.
We are looking for a young talent, French, male or female, good looking, with excellent presentation and professional skills (1* Michelin level), willing to create a name for himself in Dubai. He/she will conduct cooking demos and classes in the Restaurant.
Desired Candidate Profile
The classes could be filmed and each participant would receive an engraved personalized DVD at the end of the session.
Keyword: French Chef- Top 5 star hotel
|
Company Profile
Hozpitality Consulting
Contact Details
Website
Disclaimer: Naukrigulf.com is only a platform to bring jobseekers & employers together. Applicants are advised to research the bonafides of the prospective employer independently. We do NOT endorse any requests for money payments and strictly advice against sharing personal or bank related information.We also recommend you visit
for more information. If you suspect any fraud or malpractice, email us at
To*
From*
Subject*
Email:
Password:
Upload a latest profile photo
A CV with photo has 40% higher chances of getting noticed by employers
Upload Profile Photo
This is how your profile photo will look like.To make adjustments, you can drag around and resize the yellow dashed-square on the right panel.
When you are satisfied with your photo click the "Save Photo" button.
Browse Jobs by
Jobs By Location
Jobs By Category
Job Seekers
Recruiters
Partner Sites
Company
Information
All rights reserved © 2001-
2014 Info Edge (India) Ltd.