GulfTalent.com
IT Project Manager
RP International (RPI)
Dubai, UAE
Posted on: 2 May 2014
THE ROLE
Expand all
IT Project Manager - Airline Commercial Channels ENH Work Program
Experience & Professional Skill: Minimum 10 years of specialist technical experience, ideally within a project based IT environment.
During which it should include IT Project management (minimum 4 years), with a good experience to industry std:
- Project management and Development life Cycles.
- Change implementation planning and management.
Systems Development Management, PM tools, Application support & Business analysis.
- People management Experience in IT project management in a CMMI environment will definitely be an added advantage.
- Excellent and assertive communications and influencing/negotiating skills ideal pre-requisite for all positions.
- Relevant Experience: Minimum of 10 year.
- Very good on AGILE/SCRUM methodology
- Enhancement: Airline Commercial/Airport Operations [E-commerce channels]
- Airline Commercial: Revenue Optimisation; Route Profitability; Fares; Ticketing; Reservations
- Experience in Tier 0/1 applications - critical; key profitable; Front End systems
- Corporate Comms - Digital Publishing; Marketing; Websites (airline domain not mandatory); etc. Integration with Social media, etc. Website integration, etc.; mid 30s preferred; IT delivery PMs
REQUIREMENTS
Minimum 10 years of specialist technical experience, ideally within a project based IT environment.
In return you will receive a highly competitive package and will be joining a fantastic team.
If interested kindly apply online.
ABOUT THE COMPANY
RP International is the leading specialist recruitment consultancy in the established and emerging telecoms markets.
From our hubs covering the Americas, Europe the CIS, the Middle East, Africa and Asia Pacific we have partnered with operators, vendors, systems integrators and consultancies in more than a hundred countries, giving us an in-depth understanding Of cultural sensitivities, local business practices and hiring requirements.
Our clients and candidates benefit from the long-term perspective and breadth of knowledge that comes from working with an industry partner.
From our beginnings providing telecoms expertise into deregulating markets, we have developed our range of services to supply executive search, contingent, contract and launch and transformation resource solutions across the industry.
Our historic success in cross-border search assignments connects our clients to a global network of industry talent.
We identify the best available candidates on a local, regional and international basis.
Send
Candidates who applied for this job also applied for:
|
|