GulfTalent.com
Trainee Recruitment Consultant
Spencer Ogden
Dubai, UAE
Posted on: 2 May 2014
THE ROLE
Expand all
Spencer Ogden is the world’s fastest growing recruitment company and we are offering graduates to join our stunning Dubai office this summer.
A bit about why you’d want to work for us:
There couldn’t be a better time to join Spencer Ogden and make your mark. We have twelve offices globally with the view to expand further this year to New York, Brazil and Norway. We were recently awarded the Times Top 100 Best Small companies to work for and our CEO won Entrepreneur of the Year. We’re big enough to make a difference but small enough to keep our family-feel.
Who it is we’re looking for:
We’re looking for the debaters, the society leaders, the captain of sports teams, the movers and shakers of their friendship groups. If you want to become a well-known recruitment consultant heading up your own specialist market then in return for your hard work and commitment we offer you a package that is second to none amongst our competitors.
What you’ll be doing:
You’ll be an integral part to the team from day one. Your role as a 360 recruitment consultant will be provide clients with candidates. will include cold calling, business development and finding candidates to match to the roles that you find.
You’ll be using your time management skills to manage your own business and meet your daily targets. You’ll also be scheduling interviews, maintaining an excellent level of communication between your candidate and client, negotiating placement fees and salaries, chasing up feedback and delivering a great service whereby you are paid on the placement of your candidates.
No previous experience is necessary but you will need to possess the following traits:
•	Thrive from high pressured target driven environments
•	Self-motivation and hunger for success
•	Competitive nature – and examples to back this up
•	Ambition
The fun bit:
The starting salary is 10,000 Dirhams per month. We employ those who believe in themselves and within two years are earning 4-5 times their basic salary eclipsing those around them. On top of this we are very well known for the incentives that we offer. Hit your first target three months in a row and you’ll have the opportunity to work from our Ibiza offer with free VIP entry in to all of the best spots on the island.
Hit your second target and you’ll be flying first class to Las Vegas in a Tower Suite. We hold summer BBQs, Dress Up Days, Ipad Roulettes, Cash Prizes, and Lunch Clubs. We also offer a very clear career structure for those who are ambitious and want to reach the top along with a full training and development programme that is second to none.
REQUIREMENTS
REQUIREMENTS:
•2:1 Degree
•Good A-Level Results (BBC Minimum)
•High work ethic, motivated and driven.
•UK Citizen or already based in Dubai only.
•Ambitious and competitive.
•Some sales experience including telesales, fundraising or direct sales.
ABOUT THE COMPANY
The energy industry is an ever-changing landscape - with a much publicised skills shortage. We recruit the best international talent across all energy sectors and provide industry-leading services to our clients and candidates that they won’t find elsewhere, whatever stage of the project life cycle.
In short, we’ve put our big industry experience and forward thinking where the action is.
With offices in the UK, Middle East, Asia Pac, Africa, Canada and the US, you’ll find us at the heart of industry growth, keeping pace with changing technologies and building strong, long-lasting relationships along the way.
Send
Candidates who applied for this job also applied for:
|
|