Clinical Nurse Educator - North of Dubai
Clinical Nurse Educator - North of Dubai
Location:  --Dubai
Salary:  GBP30000 - GBP42600 per annum + Housing allowancesClinical Nurse Educators - Permanent - United Arab Emirates (UAE) - Up to £65,500 pa. TAX FREE Our client, a brand new hospital based just north of Dubai, is currently seeking Clinical Nurse Educators, to join their elite Nursing Workforce. To be considered you must have both clinical and teaching experience.   Successful candidates will actively participate in the proactive identification of educational needs of the nursing staff, the nursing department, and the hospital. He/she are directly concerned in all phases of the educational process, i.e., needs identification, planning, implementation, and evaluation that are needed in classroom instruction. The Nurse Educator ensures attainment of initial competence and assists nursing service managers in performing their responsibilities related to reinforcement, rewards and accountability in ensuring continued competence of staff   The Hospital uses English as its first language though knowledge of Arabic is useful and would be advantageous to candidates applying.   Our client is currently looking for Clinical Nurse Educators in the below specified areas:   Medical Surgical Obstetrics and Gynaecology   Critical Care or High Dependency Unit Paediatric   If you do not fall under one of these categories but meet the requirements and are interested in this opportunity please do still get in touch.   To apply for this role you must be a Registered Nurse with a Bsc or Msc in Nursing and have paid experience working as a Nurse Educator/Trainer. Candidates applying that are western trained will be at an advantage. Those who do not hold a Degree in Nursing will not be considered. The successful candidate will be offered up to £65,500 pa TAX FREE (inclusive of monetary benefits) in addition to this you will also receive, holiday allowance and free flights per annum.   For more information and to apply please contact Amy Perkins at STR on +44 (0)2392 322 390, alternatively email a copy of your latest CV to aperkins@strgroup.co.uk
Please check the job details, then fill in your details below and click "Submit now".* Indicates a required field.
Your Details
First Name *
Last Name *
Email *
Phone Number(s)Work: Home/Mobile/Cell:
Address
Please attach your CV/Résumé *
Existing CV
Please state whether you are currently eligible to work (work permit/visa/citizenship) in the country to which you are applying: *
Yes
No