Front Office Assistant : Another job on . Hotel jobs, global hospitality jobs, jobs in Dubai and catering jobs from Hozpitality.com
Front Office Assistant
Industry:Department:Level:Location:
Salary Description:
attractive salary and benefits
Posted:
02/05/2014
Recruiter:
Job Ref:
TV Show
Premier Inn LLC is a joint venture company between Emirates Group and Whitbread Group (UK) in the United Arab Emirates. Whitbread PLC is the UK's largest Hotel and Restaurant Company, operating market-leading businesses in the budget hotel and restaurant sectors. Major brands include Premier Inn and Costa Coffee, to name a few. Whitbread PLC employs over 33,000 people and serves 9 million customers every month in its 1,800 outlets across the UK. In the UAE, we have over 200 staff across 5 hotels and we are expanding quickly. We are always interested in hearing from customer-service focused, dedicated individuals who are keen to join our team in the following areas:•	Receptionists Business English is an absolute necessity however the level of English required will depend upon the position. As a business operating in the UAE and growing across the Middle East, we welcome applications from Arabic speakers. All of our team members have a real desire to provide the best possible service to our guests - ensuring they have a fantastic stay, so that they will return to visit our hotels again and recommend us to their friends. We select candidates based on their personality and attitude. Premier Inn Hotels provide excellent on-the-job training and mentoring for all of our team members. We are always looking for great people to join our team - if you’d like to be part of the Premier Inn Middle East Team then please send us your CV.
Alternative Job Searches
Contact Details:
Tel: .
Contact: HR Department
You may return to your current .
Featured Recruiters
Copyright © 2009 - 2014 Hozpitality. Design by
|
Jobweb
is developed by the Strategies Group Ltd.
Follow Strategies on Google+
Supported by
> Front Office Assistant