Dubai, UAE – HOTEL GENERAL MANAGER jobs in Hozpitality Consulting in Dubai - United Arab Emirates - Naukrigulf.com
Job Seekers Login:
|
Dubai, UAE – HOTEL GENERAL MANAGER
at Hozpitality Consulting in
-
Posted: Apr 30, 2014 Exp:
10 - 11
yrs.
| Opening(s): 1
Education: Basic - Bachelor of Hotel Management(Hotel Management)
Gender: Not Mentioned
Industry Type:
/
/
/
Functional Area:
/
/
/
Your Message could not be sent.
Your message has been sent
Job Description
Share
Dubai, UAE – HOTEL GENERAL MANAGER
For a renowned 5 star luxury hotel in Dubai
Location: Dubai, UAE
Industry: Hospitality
Functional Area: Executive Office
Level: Top Management
Min. exp. in same role: 5 years
Min. exp. in same industry: 10 years
Education: Any graduation
Salary: AED 30,000 plus free accommodation, transportation ,meals and other hotel benefits.
Desired Candidate Profile
Additional detail
• Candidates with experience in a similar role within a reputed 5 star hotel.
• Ideally candidates with excellent English communication skills.
• Oversee the operations functions of the hotel, including but not limited to Food and Beverage and Rooms Division.
• Lead and support all departments in the achievement of their financial and operational targets through establishment of a positive culture, clear expectations and policy and procedural implementation.
• Direct the preparation, presentation and subsequent achievement of the hotel’s annual Operating Budget, Marketing & Sales Plan and Capital Budget.
• Actively involved in various industry and community initiatives.
• Act as spokesperson for the hotel and an ambassador for the Fairmont Brand.
• Ensure that monthly financial outlooks for all departments are on time, on target and accurate.
Keyword:
UAE – HOTEL GENERAL MANAGER
|
Company Profile
Hozpitality Consulting
Contact Details
Website
Disclaimer: Naukrigulf.com is only a platform to bring jobseekers & employers together. Applicants are advised to research the bonafides of the prospective employer independently. We do NOT endorse any requests for money payments and strictly advice against sharing personal or bank related information.We also recommend you visit
for more information. If you suspect any fraud or malpractice, email us at
To*
From*
Subject*
Email:
Password:
Upload a latest profile photo
A CV with photo has 40% higher chances of getting noticed by employers
Upload Profile Photo
This is how your profile photo will look like.To make adjustments, you can drag around and resize the yellow dashed-square on the right panel.
When you are satisfied with your photo click the "Save Photo" button.
Browse Jobs by
Jobs By Location
Jobs By Category
Job Seekers
Recruiters
Partner Sites
Company
Information
All rights reserved © 2001-
2014 Info Edge (India) Ltd.