Executive Chef- Maldives jobs in Hozpitality Consulting in Dubai - United Arab Emirates - Naukrigulf.com
Job Seekers Login:
|
Executive Chef- Maldives
at Hozpitality Consulting in
-
Posted: Apr 30, 2014 Exp:
2 - 3
yrs.
| Opening(s): 1
Education: Basic - Bachelor of Hotel Management(Hotel Management)
Gender: Not Mentioned
Industry Type:
/
/
/
Functional Area:
/
/
/
Your Message could not be sent.
Your message has been sent
Job Description
Share
POSITION PURPOSE:
Directs and organizes the activities of the Food Production Department which includes a variety of responsibilities such as establishing and maintaining the required culinary standards;
assisting in developing the specifications for and the purchasing of food and related products; insuring the proper use and maintenance of kitchen equipment as well as employee hygiene and safety; achieving budgeted goals; knowledgeable in kitchen layout and design; etc.
EXAMPLES OF DUTIES:
ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS:
Average
Percent
of Time
10	•	Plan and direct the administration of the Food Production Department to meet the daily needs of the operation such as preparation of daily market purchase lists, issuing/receiving storeroom requisitions and kitchen transfers, etc.
10	•	Clearly describe, assign and delegate responsibility and authority for the operation of the various Food Production sub-departments, e.g., various kitchens including the employee cafeteria.
10	•	Develop, implement and monitor plans of operation for all sub-departments to achieve the budgeted goals thru effective control and record keeping of all costs and expenses pertaining to the Food Production Department such as food, labor, supplies, equipment, etc. Insure proper stock levels are maintained.
10	•	Conduct regularly scheduled as well as periodic unannounced spot check inspections of all Food Production areas to ensure compliance with required standards of quality, service and cleanliness; fire, safety and other applicable laws and regulations. At the minimum, a monthly inspection of all areas must be conducted along with the sub-department Heads of the respective areas. Insure proper use, maintenance, repair and storage of Food Production Department facilities, supplies and equipment.
10	•	Responsible for working with various Department Heads to successfully perform the required assigned work; i.e., especially the Food Beverage Manager but as well the Chief Engineer.
10	•	Responsible for creative ideas and planning for food related promotions in order to revise existing programs and create new ones both to achieve budgeted goals and to maintain VIR’s position as one of the leaders in culinary operations in the Maldives.
10	•	Develop with the aid of the Food Production Managers, the operating tools necessary and incidental to modern management principles, e.g. budgeting, forecasting, purchase specifications, report preparation and presentation, etc. Assist in the preparation of capital expenditure budget.
If assigned during a new resort pre-opening period then assists in accepting new plant, preparing punch lists of unfinished or improperly finished items, etc.
10	•	Continuously evaluate the performance and encourage improvement of the personnel in the Food Production Department. Plan and administer a training and development program within the department which will provide well trained employees at all levels and permit advancement for those persons qualified and interested in career development. Prepare position descriptions, conduct regularly scheduled employee meetings, etc.
10	•	Train and supervise subordinates and assist in safety and emergency training for other employees.
5	•	Maintain contact with food industry sources including related vendors for the purpose of being well informed of the current body of professional knowledge
so as to provide the Employer with the best possible available resources and performance.
5	•	Perform other duties as assigned.
Other:
Actively participates as a member of the Department Head Committee.
Regular attendance in conformance with the standards, which may be established by the Company from time to time, is essential to the successful performance of this position. Employees with irregular attendance will be subject to disciplinary action, up to and including termination of employment.
Due to the cyclical nature of the hospitality industry, employees may be required to work varying schedules to reflect the business needs of the resort.
Upon employment, all employees are required to fully comply with VIR’s rules and regulations for the safe and efficient operation of resort facilities. Employees who violate VIR’s rules and regulations will be subject to disciplinary action, up to and including termination of employment.
SUPPORTIVE FUNCTIONS:
In addition to performance of the essential functions, this position may be required to perform a combination of the following supportive functions, with the percentage of time performing each function to be solely determined by the supervisor based upon the particular requirements of the resort.
•	Participate in Manager on Duty coverage program requiring weekend stay over, constant monitoring throughout hotel and trouble shooting problems.
•	Operate word processing program in computer.
•	Perform any general cleaning tasks using standard resort cleaning products to adhere to health standards.
SPECIFIC JOB KNOWLEDGE, SKILL AND ABILITY
The individual must possess the following knowledge, skills and abilities and be able to explain and demonstrate that he or she can perform the essential functions of the job, with or without reasonable accommodation, using some other combination of skills and abilities.
•	 Considerable skill in simple mathematical calculations without error. Ability to apply concepts such as fractions, percentages, ratios and proportions to practical situations.
•	Ability to effectively deal with internal and external customers, some of whom will require high levels of patience, tact and diplomacy to defuse anger, collect accurate information and resolve conflicts.
•	Ability to move throughout all Food Production areas and perform essential job functions.
•	Ability to read, analyze and interpret written documents write speeches and articles; make effective and persuasive speeches and presentations to a variety of audiences; listen and communicate effectively in English, both verbally and in writing.
•	Ability to access and accurately input information using a moderately complex computer system.
•	Hearing, smelling, tasting and visual ability to successfully perform the essential functions of this job including emergency situations. The work environment requires regular work in outside weather conditions. The noise level may at times be loud.
Desired Candidate Profile
QUALIFICATION STANDARDS
Education:
College degree in related field preferred.
Experience:
Ten years in Hotel Food Production including a minimum of five years in management and three years in a similar position.
Licenses or certificates:
Professional certifications as required. Certified HAACP, CPR and First Aid preferred.
Grooming:
All employees must maintain a neat, clean and well groomed appearance
(specific standards available).
Keyword: Executive Chef- Maldives
|
Company Profile
Hozpitality Consulting
Contact Details
Website
Disclaimer: Naukrigulf.com is only a platform to bring jobseekers & employers together. Applicants are advised to research the bonafides of the prospective employer independently. We do NOT endorse any requests for money payments and strictly advice against sharing personal or bank related information.We also recommend you visit
for more information. If you suspect any fraud or malpractice, email us at
To*
From*
Subject*
Email:
Password:
Upload a latest profile photo
A CV with photo has 40% higher chances of getting noticed by employers
Upload Profile Photo
This is how your profile photo will look like.To make adjustments, you can drag around and resize the yellow dashed-square on the right panel.
When you are satisfied with your photo click the "Save Photo" button.
Browse Jobs by
Jobs By Location
Jobs By Category
Job Seekers
Recruiters
Partner Sites
Company
Information
All rights reserved © 2001-
2014 Info Edge (India) Ltd.