DEMI CHEF DE PARTIE – Thai Cuisine jobs in Hozpitality Consulting in Dubai - United Arab Emirates - Naukrigulf.com
Job Seekers Login:
|
DEMI CHEF DE PARTIE – Thai Cuisine
at Hozpitality Consulting in
-
Posted: Apr 30, 2014 Exp:
3 - 4
yrs.
| Opening(s): 1
Education: Basic - Bachelor of Hotel Management(Hotel Management)
Gender: Not Mentioned
Industry Type:
/
/
/
Functional Area:
/
/
/
Your Message could not be sent.
Your message has been sent
Job Description
Share
DEMI CHEF DE PARTIE – Thai Cuisine – 01wor38
For one of Dubai’s most coveted commercial entity
Location: Dubai, UAE
Industry: Hospitality
Department: Kitchen
Level: Staff line level
Min. exp. in same role: 2 years
Min. exp. in same industry: 3 years
Desired Candidate Profile
Education: Degree
Salary: AED 3,000 basic plus accommodation, food and transport.
Additional details:
• To observe all Company Food Hygiene and Health and Safety policy.
• To assist the Chef to check the completeness of all suppliers’ deliveries and the quality.
• To set out, maintain and monitor high standards of cooking and presentation
• Ensuring kitchen is left clean and tidy at all times
• To ensure that all completed jobs are fully checked off before it leaves the unit
• Preparation of daily orders of raw materials required.
• Experience in intermediate culinary skills and knowledge
• 3-5 years culinary experience
• Knowledgeable about advance hygiene and HACCP
Keyword: DEMI CHEF DE PARTIE – Thai Cuisine
|
Company Profile
Hozpitality Consulting
Contact Details
Website
Disclaimer: Naukrigulf.com is only a platform to bring jobseekers & employers together. Applicants are advised to research the bonafides of the prospective employer independently. We do NOT endorse any requests for money payments and strictly advice against sharing personal or bank related information.We also recommend you visit
for more information. If you suspect any fraud or malpractice, email us at
To*
From*
Subject*
Email:
Password:
Upload a latest profile photo
A CV with photo has 40% higher chances of getting noticed by employers
Upload Profile Photo
This is how your profile photo will look like.To make adjustments, you can drag around and resize the yellow dashed-square on the right panel.
When you are satisfied with your photo click the "Save Photo" button.
Browse Jobs by
Jobs By Location
Jobs By Category
Job Seekers
Recruiters
Partner Sites
Company
Information
All rights reserved © 2001-
2014 Info Edge (India) Ltd.