Production Supervisor Job in Riyadh - Savola Plastic - Bayt.com
OK
Cancel
Loading...
Loading...
Jobs
Jobs
Salaries
People Companies Specialties
- All -
- All -Algeria (12)Bahrain (115)Dubai (1556)Egypt (497)Iraq (81)Jordan (391)Kuwait (740)Lebanon (250)Libya (16)Morocco (12)Oman (96)Pakistan (34)Qatar (1061)Saudi Arabia (2775)Sri Lanka (0)Tunisia (6)UAE (3584)Yemen (3)
Loading...
Menu - []
›
› Job Description
Production Supervisor
- ,
Date Posted: 2014/05/02 13:06:15
Ref. JB3046613
Job Description
- Maintains staff by recruiting, selecting, orienting, and training employees; developing personal growth opportunities.
- Maintains work flow by monitoring steps of the process; setting processing variables; observing control points and equipment; -- monitoring personnel and resources; studying methods; implementing cost reductions; developing reporting procedures and systems; facilitating corrections to malfunctions within process control points; initiating and fostering a spirit of cooperation within and between departments.
- Completes production plan by scheduling and assigning personnel; accomplishing work results; establishing priorities; monitoring progress; revising schedules; resolving problems; reporting results of the processing flow on shift production summaries.
- Maintains quality service by establishing and enforcing organization standards.
- Ensures operation of equipment by calling for repairs; evaluating new equipment and techniques.
- Provides manufacturing information by compiling, initiating, sorting, and analyzing production performance records and data; answering questions and responding to requests.
- Creates and revises systems and procedures by analyzing operating practices, record-keeping systems, forms of control, and budgetary and personnel requirements; implementing change.
- Maintains safe and clean work environment by educating and directing personnel on the use of all control points, equipment, and resources; maintaining compliance with established policies and procedures.
- Maintains working relationship with the union by following the terms of the collective bargaining agreement.
- Resolves personnel problems by analyzing data; investigating issues; identifying solutions; recommending action.
- Maintains professional and technical knowledge by attending educational workshops; reviewing professional publications; establishing personal networks; bench-marking state-of-the-art practices; participating in professional societies.
- Contributes to team effort by accomplishing related results as needed.
Skills
Supervision, Coaching, Managing Processes, Process Improvement, Tracking Budget Expenses, Production Planning, Controls and Instrumentation, Strategic Planning, Dealing with Complexity, Financial Planning and Strategy, Automotive Manufacturing
Education
Mechanical Engineering
Job Details
Job Location:
Riyadh, Saudi Arabia
Company Industry:
Manufacturing and Production
Company Type:
Employer (Private Sector)
Job Role:
Engineering
Joining Date:
Unspecified
Employment Status:
Full time
Employment Type:
Employee
Monthly Salary Range:
Unspecified
Manages Others:
Yes
Number of Vacancies:
2
Preferred Candidate
Career Level:
Mid Career
Years of Experience:
Min: 3 Max: 5
Residence Location:
Saudi Arabia
Gender:
Male
Degree:
Bachelor's degree / higher diploma
Date Posted: 2014/05/02 13:06:15
Ref. JB3046613
Recommended Courses
Invite Your
Friends to Bayt.com
Find Jobs
About Bayt.com
Bayt.com is the leading job site in the Gulf and Middle East, connecting job seekers with employers looking to hire.
Every day, thousands of new job vacancies are listed on the award-winning platform from the region's top employers.
Company
Quick Links
Follow
© 2000-2014 Bayt.com, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
-
Reproduction of material from any Bayt.com pages without written permission is strictly prohibited.