Secretary Job in Kuwait - Bayt.com
OK
Cancel
Loading...
Loading...
Jobs
Jobs
Salaries
People Companies Specialties
- All -
- All -Algeria (12)Bahrain (115)Dubai (1556)Egypt (497)Iraq (81)Jordan (391)Kuwait (740)Lebanon (250)Libya (16)Morocco (12)Oman (96)Pakistan (34)Qatar (1061)Saudi Arabia (2775)Sri Lanka (0)Tunisia (6)UAE (3584)Yemen (3)
Loading...
Menu - []
›
› Job Description
Secretary
Confidential Company -
Date Posted: 2014/05/02 10:19:38
Ref. JB3040927
Job Description
Summary
All secretarial work, typing letters in Arabic and English, the introduction of correspondence in the electronic archive program, responding to phone calls, arranging meetings.
Responsibilities
• Provide secretarial and administrative support to one or more managers or departments.
• Type variety of documents, many highly confidential.
• Maintain/set-up sophisticated filing systems, Manager’s personal files, etc.
• Answer phones - screen/handle routine and/or noncritical items - pass others on to supervisor.
• Arrange travel, hotel, and car reservations - prepare itinerary. Maintain Manager’s calendar, schedule meetings, etc.
• Take/transcribe accurate meeting minutes and other dictation. Photo-copy documents as required.
• Process in-coming mail; open, stamp, sort for priorities. Distribute and/or handle items not requiring Manager’s attention.
• May compile and prepare various reports for Manager’s use (requires analysis and comparison of data).
• Insure continuance of office routine in Manager’s absence. Writes reports, letters, memos, etc., for supervisor’s signature.
• Coordinate and process general administrative work (time cards, leave requests, etc.) for Manager’s signature.
• Obtain Manager’s signature on all contract, subcontract, and change-order documents as required. Assume secretarial responsibility for other executives as necessary.
• Perform additional assignments per Manager’s direction.
• Ability to translate from Arabic to English and from English to Arabic
• Performs other miscellaneous job-related duties as assigned
Skills
Qualification: University Degree
Experience: More than 2 years
Languages: English and Arabic language proficiency
Computer: Proficiency in the use of computer
This job is posted in the following Specialties:
Job Details
Job Location:
Kuwait
Company Industry:
Financial Services
Company Type:
Employer (Private Sector)
Job Role:
Secretarial
Joining Date:
Unspecified
Employment Status:
Full time
Employment Type:
Employee
Monthly Salary Range:
Unspecified
Manages Others:
Unspecified
Number of Vacancies:
1
Preferred Candidate
Career Level:
Mid Career
Years of Experience:
Min: 2
Residence Location:
Kuwait
Gender:
Unspecified
Nationality:
Algeria; Bahrain; Comoros; Djibouti; Egypt; Iraq; Jordan; Kuwait; Lebanon; Libya; Mauritania; Morocco; Oman; Palestine; Qatar; Saudi Arabia; Somalia; Sudan; Syria; Tunisia; United Arab Emirates; Yemen
Degree:
Bachelor's degree / higher diploma
Date Posted: 2014/05/02 10:19:38
Ref. JB3040927
Similar Jobs
Confidential Company - ,
Recommended Courses
Invite Your
Friends to Bayt.com
Find Jobs
About Bayt.com
Bayt.com is the leading job site in the Gulf and Middle East, connecting job seekers with employers looking to hire.
Every day, thousands of new job vacancies are listed on the award-winning platform from the region's top employers.
Company
Quick Links
Follow
© 2000-2014 Bayt.com, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
-
Reproduction of material from any Bayt.com pages without written permission is strictly prohibited.