Financial Analyst / Senior Financial Analyst Job in Kuwait - Bayt.com
OK
Cancel
Loading...
Loading...
Jobs
Jobs
Salaries
People Companies Specialties
- All -
- All -Algeria (12)Bahrain (115)Dubai (1556)Egypt (497)Iraq (81)Jordan (391)Kuwait (740)Lebanon (250)Libya (16)Morocco (12)Oman (96)Pakistan (34)Qatar (1061)Saudi Arabia (2775)Sri Lanka (0)Tunisia (6)UAE (3584)Yemen (3)
Loading...
Menu - []
›
› Job Description
Financial Analyst / Senior Financial Analyst
Confidential Company -
Date Posted: 2014/05/02 10:16:32
Ref. JB3040926
Job Description
Summary
Analysis of the financial statements of investee companies, and the preparation of periodic reports on the performance of those companies and recommendations thereon, monitoring the performance of stocks listed in the stock exchanges where an investor, and prepare a report to assess these companies, experience in financial and technical analysis.
Responsibilities
•Prepare financial analysis and feasibilities of prospective new projects, acquisitions, redevelopments and divestments.
•Prepare evaluation report.
•Perform in-house financial due-diligence and benchmarking.
•Review and analyse reasonableness of underlining information used for all project feasibilities
•Design financial models for discounted cash flow and construction cost models.
•Formulate key performance indicator reporting mechanisms of “financial measures” (NPV, IRR, MIRR, Yield, Payback) to facilitate decision making.
•Perform sensitivity and post completion analysis
•Monitor performance measures and analyse variances for reporting and subsequent action to senior management.
•Coordinate budgeting activities for proposed development projects and investments.
•Analyse the funding requirements of developments and investments and prepare funding plan
•Prepare project and business plans for banks and third party investors.
•Interface with business development and project managers during the development phase
•Review industry surveys and benchmarks, as well as economic and demographic trends.
•Develop Investment Appraisal Policies and Procedures
Skills
Qualification: University Degree
Experience: more than 3 years (preferably in investment companies)
Languages: English and Arabic language proficiency
Computer: Proficiency in the use of computer
Job Details
Job Location:
Kuwait
Company Industry:
Financial Services
Company Type:
Employer (Private Sector)
Job Role:
Accounting/Banking/Finance
Joining Date:
Unspecified
Employment Status:
Full time
Employment Type:
Employee
Monthly Salary Range:
Unspecified
Manages Others:
Unspecified
Number of Vacancies:
1
Preferred Candidate
Career Level:
Mid Career
Years of Experience:
Min: 3
Residence Location:
Unspecified
Gender:
Unspecified
Nationality:
Algeria; Bahrain; Comoros; Djibouti; Egypt; Iraq; Jordan; Kuwait; Lebanon; Libya; Mauritania; Morocco; Oman; Palestine; Qatar; Saudi Arabia; Somalia; Sudan; Syria; Tunisia; United Arab Emirates; Yemen
Degree:
Bachelor's degree / higher diploma
Date Posted: 2014/05/02 10:16:32
Ref. JB3040926
Similar Jobs
Confidential Company - ,
Confidential Company - ,
Recommended Courses
Invite Your
Friends to Bayt.com
Find Jobs
About Bayt.com
Bayt.com is the leading job site in the Gulf and Middle East, connecting job seekers with employers looking to hire.
Every day, thousands of new job vacancies are listed on the award-winning platform from the region's top employers.
Company
Quick Links
Follow
© 2000-2014 Bayt.com, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
-
Reproduction of material from any Bayt.com pages without written permission is strictly prohibited.