Assistant Restaurant Manager (Female) Lobby Lounge jobs in Hozpitality Consulting in Dubai - United Arab Emirates - Naukrigulf.com
Job Seekers Login:
|
Assistant Restaurant Manager (Female) Lobby Lounge
at Hozpitality Consulting in
-
Posted: Apr 30, 2014 Exp:
2 - 3
yrs.
| Opening(s): 1
Education: Basic - Bachelor of Hotel Management(Hotel Management)
Gender: Not Mentioned
Industry Type:
/
/
/
Functional Area:
/
/
/
Your Message could not be sent.
Your message has been sent
Job Description
Share
Responsibilities-
Job Purpose
To maximize revenues & profitability of the restaurant and ensure prompt, accurate and personalized service to all customers.
Job Description
Managerial-
Plan, Forecast and Budget the revenues and cost for the outlet.
Continuously improve and innovate upon product and services to achieve a larger market share and retain regular guests of the restaurant.
Facilitate learning and development for all the team members of the outlet
Implement systems and procedures that achieve higher cost efficiency and guest satisfaction.
Performance Appraisal/ Management of the staff in the department.
Operational-
Ensure the smooth day-to-day functioning of the outlet.
Implement an effective system of recording guest history, preferences and other guest related data.
Work in association with the Sales and Marketing department in the area of guest mix, guest profiles, effect of new/ competition outlets etc.
Maintain constant guest contact, build relationships, solicit feedback and monitor the GSTS for the restaurant.
Work with the F & B Manager & the Chef on Menu planning and pricing.
Plan and organize various food festivals, restaurant promotions or special occasions.
Monitor the daily number of covers and the average check of the restaurant.
Review the profit and loss statement of the outlet and draw up action plans.
Prepare monthly reports on the performance of the outlet
Ensure that all the operational standards set for all the equipments & processes are followed.
Manage staff performance, identify their training needs and address their grievances and counseling issues.
Stay informed about local, national and international best practices/trends in food service, interior design, technology and entertainment in F & B.
Ensure that the outlet procures the best quality raw material and cost effective equipment.
Liaise with companies for sponsorships and with the government agencies for licenses and permissions.
Desired Candidate Profile
Requirements-
Knowledge/Skills
Thorough knowledge of different cuisines, service styles, standards and restaurant concepts.
Knowledge of menu pricing, planning & designing
Education
Graduate/Diploma in Hotel Management
Experience
A minimum of 2 -3 years experience in supervision of an F & B outlet
Keyword: Assistant Restaurant Manager (Female) Lobby Lounge
|
Company Profile
Hozpitality Consulting
Contact Details
Website
Disclaimer: Naukrigulf.com is only a platform to bring jobseekers & employers together. Applicants are advised to research the bonafides of the prospective employer independently. We do NOT endorse any requests for money payments and strictly advice against sharing personal or bank related information.We also recommend you visit
for more information. If you suspect any fraud or malpractice, email us at
To*
From*
Subject*
Email:
Password:
Upload a latest profile photo
A CV with photo has 40% higher chances of getting noticed by employers
Upload Profile Photo
This is how your profile photo will look like.To make adjustments, you can drag around and resize the yellow dashed-square on the right panel.
When you are satisfied with your photo click the "Save Photo" button.
Browse Jobs by
Jobs By Location
Jobs By Category
Job Seekers
Recruiters
Partner Sites
Company
Information
All rights reserved © 2001-
2014 Info Edge (India) Ltd.