Accountant Job in Beirut - Bayt.com
OK
Cancel
Loading...
Loading...
Jobs
Jobs
Salaries
People Companies Specialties
- All -
- All -Algeria (12)Bahrain (115)Dubai (1556)Egypt (497)Iraq (81)Jordan (391)Kuwait (740)Lebanon (250)Libya (16)Morocco (12)Oman (96)Pakistan (34)Qatar (1061)Saudi Arabia (2775)Sri Lanka (64)Tunisia (6)UAE (3584)Yemen (3)
Loading...
Menu - []
›
› Job Description
Accountant
Confidential Company - ,
Date Posted: 2014/05/02 09:32:30
Ref. JB3018327
Job Description
Role Summary
Assist in the preparation of monthly financial statements (balance sheet, cash flow, bank position, income statement) in order to report the company’s position (allocate expenses, income, accruals, payables, receivables) while ensuring proper recording of all accounting entries
Main Accountabilities
•Enter data in order to properly allocate receivables and payables (transfers, interest, supplier’s payments, client’s collections, and investment in affiliated companies’, etc…)
•Prepare and follow up payment of all taxes (the VAT quarterly, Built property tax annually, income tax quarterly, and municipality tax)
•Reconcile all accounts (suppliers, affiliated companies, petty cash,...) in order to make sure that all data entered is correct and take corrective actions when required
•Review bank statements in order to reconcile incoming and outgoing transfers, deposits, ....
•Sort documents, review accuracy and make sure they are compliant with company policy and governmental bodies in order to process the transaction (example: prepare cash requirements in line with payment and treasury policy and procedures)
•File all documents in line with the e-filing policy and procedure in order to facilitate data extraction for both legal and accounting matters
Skills
Knowledge, Technical Skills & Experience:
•Knowledge in Lebanese Taxation law
•Knowledge in IFRS is a plus
•Exposure to portfolio management is a plus
•English & Arabic Languages
•Proficiency in MS Office
•Hyperion is a plus
•2 years of experience is preferable
Education
BBA with emphasis on accounting
Job Details
Job Location:
Beirut, Lebanon
Company Industry:
Support Services
Company Type:
Employer (Private Sector)
Job Role:
Accounting/Banking/Finance
Joining Date:
Unspecified
Employment Status:
Full time
Employment Type:
Employee
Monthly Salary Range:
Unspecified
Manages Others:
Unspecified
Number of Vacancies:
1
Preferred Candidate
Career Level:
Entry Level
Years of Experience:
Min: 2
Residence Location:
Lebanon
Gender:
Unspecified
Nationality:
Lebanon
Degree:
Bachelor's degree / higher diploma
Date Posted: 2014/05/02 09:32:30
Ref. JB3018327
Similar Jobs
Confidential Company - ,
Confidential Company - ,
Recommended Courses
Invite Your
Friends to Bayt.com
Find Jobs
About Bayt.com
Bayt.com is the leading job site in the Gulf and Middle East, connecting job seekers with employers looking to hire.
Every day, thousands of new job vacancies are listed on the award-winning platform from the region's top employers.
Company
Quick Links
Follow
© 2000-2014 Bayt.com, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
-
Reproduction of material from any Bayt.com pages without written permission is strictly prohibited.