Senior Editor Job in Beirut - Event Organizer - Bayt.com
OK
Cancel
Loading...
Loading...
Jobs
Jobs
Salaries
People Companies Specialties
- All -
- All -Algeria (12)Bahrain (115)Dubai (1556)Egypt (497)Iraq (81)Jordan (391)Kuwait (740)Lebanon (250)Libya (16)Morocco (12)Oman (96)Pakistan (34)Qatar (1061)Saudi Arabia (2775)Sri Lanka (0)Tunisia (6)UAE (3584)Yemen (3)
Loading...
Menu - []
›
› Job Description
Senior Editor
- ,
Date Posted: 2014/05/02 08:23:33
Ref. JB3046579
Job Description
* Main Accountabilities :
• Responsible for the content and images used on a website.
• Filter Middle East news and post articles with updated market information.
• Plan, research, write copy and edit the content of a website.
• Liaise with clients and internal departments.
• Maintain the site and ensure the information is accurate and attractive.
* Job Description :
Subjects :
• Web Master, producing new content and writing it in an interesting and appealing manner.
• Source images and artwork.
• Upload banners for the upcoming shows.
• Continuously monitor that the website is running properly.
• Prepare weekly newsletters including articles about market information and latest industry news and upcoming IFP exhibitions and shows.
• Coordinate with PR agencies outside Lebanon to get the needed information and pictures from the exhibitors abroad.
• Conduct interviews with the exhibitors and the sponsors during IFP events and publish the interviews in the newsletters and on the website.
• Conduct research about new markets as requested by the management.
• Provide Project Managers with market and industry information.
• Manage IFP Social Media pages.
• Perform special tasks assigned by the management.
Skills
• Good command of Arabic and English.
• Excellent Verbal and Written communication skills.
• Inquisitive mind.
• Creative.
Education
BA degree in Journalism, Political Science, or English Literature
Job Details
Job Location:
Beirut, Lebanon
Company Industry:
Other
Company Type:
Employer (Private Sector)
Job Role:
Writing/Editing
Joining Date:
Unspecified
Employment Status:
Unspecified
Employment Type:
Unspecified
Monthly Salary Range:
Unspecified
Manages Others:
Unspecified
Number of Vacancies:
1
Preferred Candidate
Career Level:
Mid Career
Years of Experience:
Min: 2
Residence Location:
Unspecified
Gender:
Unspecified
Nationality:
Lebanon
Degree:
Bachelor's degree / higher diploma
About This Company
We are a leading international exhibitions and conferences organizer based in Beirut with operational offices throughout the Middle East. We have been in business for over 30 years and cover many industry sectors.
We offer a comprehensive range of trade fair services executed to the highest international standards. These include full logistical support, on-site stand builders, furniture hire, signs and graphics.
Our events are attended by local, regional and international big name companies and we are supported by various international organizations and independent agents.
Date Posted: 2014/05/02 08:23:33
Ref. JB3046579
Similar Jobs
Recommended Courses
Invite Your
Friends to Bayt.com
Find Jobs
About Bayt.com
Bayt.com is the leading job site in the Gulf and Middle East, connecting job seekers with employers looking to hire.
Every day, thousands of new job vacancies are listed on the award-winning platform from the region's top employers.
Company
Quick Links
Follow
© 2000-2014 Bayt.com, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
-
Reproduction of material from any Bayt.com pages without written permission is strictly prohibited.