Sales Manager Job in Beirut - Bayt.com
OK
Cancel
Loading...
Loading...
Jobs
Jobs
Salaries
People Companies Specialties
- All -
- All -Algeria (12)Bahrain (115)Dubai (1556)Egypt (497)Iraq (81)Jordan (391)Kuwait (740)Lebanon (250)Libya (16)Morocco (12)Oman (96)Pakistan (34)Qatar (1061)Saudi Arabia (2775)Sri Lanka (0)Tunisia (6)UAE (3584)Yemen (3)
Loading...
Menu - []
›
› Job Description
Sales Manager
Confidential Company - ,
Date Posted: 2014/05/02 06:39:34
Ref. JB3045869
Job Description
Would you like to join a Fortune 50 company where you will have the opportunity to lead a team of Sales Consultants who provide customers with insurance protection keeping their families secure?
We are seeking Sales Managers for positions within our company. You will have the opportunity to create and lead a team of Sales consultants responsible for coaching, motivating and developing them to reach the goals of the organization.
In return, you will benefit from earning a competitive base salary in addition to monthly incentive earnings with a variety of programs designed to strengthen and reward your performance.
If you are a seasoned sales leader with proven results and are ready to lead a high performance sales team, we would like to talk with you!
Responsibilities:
Serves as a leader for the Sales team by building a positive work environment for the team along with developing & promoting a productive sales atmosphere. Supports a team of Sales Consultants through strong leadership and coaching, the removal of road blocks, promotion of team work, communication of sales objectives and frequent and consistent communication of sales performance results.
• Lead sales consultants which sells and promotes products to prospective customers
• Coach, motivate and develop Sales consultants to exceed sales objectives
• Establish a strong team dynamic bringing the group together as one team
• Provides input to the sales objectives and goals of the sales organization
• Monitors weekly sales activity and provides appropriate coaching, training, and motivation to Sales consultants and team to achieve and preferably exceed sales objectives.
• Leads or participates in work teams that identify and execute plans which result in new or improved sales initiatives and programs.
• Deploys process improvements or strategic initiatives focused at driving increased customer satisfaction, efficiency, sales productivity or expense management.
• Full people management responsibility - including recruiting, terminations, promotions, performance management, quality and monitoring, coaching
along with training and development.
Managerial Responsibilities:
• Full people management responsibility - including recruiting, terminations, promotions, performance management, quality and monitoring, coaching
along with training and development
Skills
Required Qualifications:
• 3+ years of sales experience
• 2+ years of people management experience
• Bachelor’s Degree or equivalent business experience
Preferred Qualifications:
• Achieve and exceed sales metrics and revenue targets
• Strong leadership, interpersonal, and coaching skills and abilities
• Excellent communication skills with the ability to coach & motivate staff to increasing associate performance levels as well as develop talent for the future
• Exercise good judgment and align with company policies, procedures and compliance
• Positioned with a strong focus on the customer
• Ability to work independently
• Work successfully in a fast paced, highly demanding work environment
Job Details
Job Location:
Beirut, Lebanon
Company Industry:
Sales
Company Type:
Employer (Private Sector)
Job Role:
Sales
Joining Date:
Unspecified
Employment Status:
Full time
Employment Type:
Employee
Monthly Salary Range:
Unspecified
Manages Others:
Yes
Number of Vacancies:
2
Preferred Candidate
Career Level:
Mid Career
Years of Experience:
Min: 3
Residence Location:
Lebanon
Gender:
Unspecified
Nationality:
Lebanon
Degree:
Bachelor's degree / higher diploma
Date Posted: 2014/05/02 06:39:34
Ref. JB3045869
Similar Jobs
Recommended Courses
Invite Your
Friends to Bayt.com
Find Jobs
About Bayt.com
Bayt.com is the leading job site in the Gulf and Middle East, connecting job seekers with employers looking to hire.
Every day, thousands of new job vacancies are listed on the award-winning platform from the region's top employers.
Company
Quick Links
Follow
© 2000-2014 Bayt.com, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
-
Reproduction of material from any Bayt.com pages without written permission is strictly prohibited.