sales Account Managers with experience in the Oil & Gas Job in South Africa - Grupo Norconsulting SL - Bayt.com
OK
Cancel
Loading...
Loading...
Jobs
Jobs
Salaries
People Companies Specialties
- All -
- All -Algeria (12)Bahrain (115)Dubai (1556)Egypt (497)Iraq (81)Jordan (391)Kuwait (740)Lebanon (250)Libya (16)Morocco (12)Oman (96)Pakistan (34)Qatar (1061)Saudi Arabia (2775)Sri Lanka (0)Tunisia (6)UAE (3584)Yemen (3)
Loading...
Menu - []
›
› Job Description
sales Account Managers with experience in the Oil & Gas
-
Date Posted: 2014/05/02 06:29:52
Ref. JB3046578
Job Description
We are urgently looking for one of our major clients in the Oil & Gas services sector for various Sales Account Managers with experience in the Oil & Gas sector or Petrochemical sector.
The right candidate will have 5-6 years of experience and have experience in the Oil and Gas and must have worked in South Africa and experience of the Oil & Gas sector in South Africa.
Responsibilities.
With guidance from and reporting to BDM, negotiates services and agreements with customers and monitors delivery of services to ensure agreed targets, quality and safety standards are met.
Defines and seeks approval for the level of resources required to meet the business goals.
Assist in preparation and delivery of all bids, and tenders
Responsible for researching and evaluating new technologies, and services of competitors.
Direct, attend and actively participate in management and staff meetings and related activities; attends to self-development and staying current with information and technology issues related to assigned development of business.
Seek, develop and maintain relationships with current and potential clients, look for opportunities to raise companies profile in the local community/industry.
Conduct market research to determine growth areas and potential diversification of service offerings.
Conduct daily administrative activities related to the BD initiatives as agreed by the BDM and CM.
Must have experience in Client Relations and/or Sales positions
University/College Graduate
Willing to travel and conduct activities in remote and diverse locations.
Willing to attend training in the field (on the drilling/industrial sites) as part of company orientation.
Skills
The right candidate will have 5-6 years of experience and have experience in the Oil and Gas and must have worked in South Africa and experience of the Oil & Gas sector in South Africa.
This job is posted in the following Specialties:
Job Details
Job Location:
South Africa
Company Industry:
Oil/Gas; Safety/Environment
Company Type:
Recruitment Agency
Job Role:
Sales
Joining Date:
Unspecified
Employment Status:
Full time
Employment Type:
Employee
Monthly Salary Range:
Unspecified
Manages Others:
Unspecified
Number of Vacancies:
3
Preferred Candidate
Career Level:
Management
Years of Experience:
Min: 3 Max: 7
Residence Location:
Albania; Algeria; Australia; Austria; Bahrain; Belarus; Belgium; Bosnia and Herzegovina; Bulgaria; Canada; Comoros; Croatia (Hrvatska); Czech Republic; Denmark; Djibouti; Egypt; Estonia; Finland; France; Germany; Great Britain (UK); Greece; Hungary; Iceland; Iraq; Ireland; Italy; Jordan; Kosovo; Kuwait; Latvia; Lebanon; Libya; Lithuania; Luxembourg; Macedonia; Mauritania; Moldova; Montenegro; Morocco; Netherlands; New Zealand; Norway; Oman; Palestine; Poland; Portugal; Qatar; Romania; Russian Federation; Saudi Arabia; Serbia; Slovak Republic; Slovenia; Somalia; South Africa; Spain; Sudan; Sweden; Switzerland; Syria; Tunisia; Ukraine; United Arab Emirates; United Kingdom; United States; Yemen
Gender:
Unspecified
Nationality:
Unspecified
Degree:
Bachelor's degree / higher diploma
About This Company
Norconsulting, founded in 2001, as a global recruitment consultancy, specialising in the Engineering, Telecom, Health, IT, Oil & Gas and Pharma sectors.We opened our first office in MADRID and since then we’ve kept on growing. In 2003 we expanded into European markets, initially recruiting from our UK offices.
Date Posted: 2014/05/02 06:29:52
Ref. JB3046578
Similar Jobs
Recommended Courses
Invite Your
Friends to Bayt.com
Find Jobs
About Bayt.com
Bayt.com is the leading job site in the Gulf and Middle East, connecting job seekers with employers looking to hire.
Every day, thousands of new job vacancies are listed on the award-winning platform from the region's top employers.
Company
Quick Links
Follow
© 2000-2014 Bayt.com, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
-
Reproduction of material from any Bayt.com pages without written permission is strictly prohibited.