Cluster E-Commerce And Social Media
Manager (Uae) with Radisson Blu Hotel, Dubai Deira Creek | 10879055
Jobseekers
|
Jobseekers
Cluster E-Commerce And Social Media
Manager (Uae)
Middle East > United Arab Emirates
Full job details
Recruiter
Radisson Blu Hotel, Dubai Deira Creek
Posted
02/05/2014 10:32:15
Ref
Location
Middle East > United Arab Emirates
Job Type
Sales & Marketing, Marketing Manager
Sector
Hotel
Job Level
Management
A great opportunity for an experienced, resulted oriented and energetic professional to manage all aspects of social media and online marketing of 9 Radisson Blu Hotels in United Arab Emirates - and to establish a successful career with the fastest growing hotel company, The Carlson Rezidor Hotel Group.
You will be based at the Radisson Blu Hotel, Dubai Deira Creek and will report directly to the Director of Marketing of the Hotel for all hotel related activities; while work closely with the Middle East Regional Office Team for all matters related to cluster responsibilities.
Main Scope:
Oversee, direct and manage all online marketing and social media aspects of all 9 hotels in UAE and ensure that all work is in line with the hotel’s guidelines, business plan, The Calrson Rezidor Hotel Group corporate guidelines and service concepts. You will work alongside Sales, Revenue and Ecommerce Teams to help drive the hotels’ overall revenue and objectives through aggressive and efficient online marketing support.
The ideal candidate should have at least;
• Minimum 5years experience in Online Marketing and Social Media in a Luxury Hotel (or Hotel Company) in UAE
• Good knowledge of marketing functions to include research, planning, market positioning, internal marketing, etc.
• Good understanding of Online Media, SEM, SEO and Social Media to pursue/explore new mediums.
• Strong analytical, communication and interpersonal skills
• Commercial minded and be able to easily build professional relationships
• Customer-focussed and understands importance of service delivery excellence.
• Highly driven and self motivated
If you are efficient, organized and dynamic, the above requirements match your experience and you are open to work with a progressive Sales and Marketing team, then we are looking forward to receiving your updated CV including photo.
Share this job
Catererglobal.com is a trademark of Totaljobs Group Ltd. © 2013 Copyright and database rights Totaljobs Group Ltd.Powered by .