Guest Relations Manager with Radisson Royal Hotel Dubai | 10879050
Jobseekers
|
Jobseekers
Guest Relations Manager
Middle East > United Arab Emirates
Full job details
Recruiter
Radisson Royal Hotel Dubai
Posted
02/05/2014 10:16:32
Ref
Location
Middle East > United Arab Emirates
Job Type
Front Office, Guest Relations Manager
Sector
Hotel
Job Level
Management
We are currently seeking to recruit a Guest Relations Manager to join our team.
Responsibilities:
Responsible for the efficient management of Guest Relations and Airport Reception, including all related services to ensure profitability through proper planning, organizing, directing, implementing and control.
Liaise and coordinate with all departments of the hotel to ensure total guest satisfaction.
Be efficient and diplomatic in dealing with situations involving any aspect of Front Office where reputation or image of the hotel is represented.
Duties & Responsibilities:
PRIMARY DUTIES:
Financial
1. Assist in preparation of departmental budget, monthly operations reports and forecast.
2. Strictly adhere to the established financial guidelines and control all costs.
3. Supervise posting of charges on services rendered to ensure accuracy.
4. Ensure that hotel credit policies are adhered to at all times.
Operational
1. Ensure through effective management that all services provided at Guest Relations and Airport Reception are always available and carried out efficiently.
2. Manage guest recognition and guest contact programs.
3. Manage repeat guests and other related programs as well as updating guest profile with pertinent information and general comments.
4. Manage guest birthday program and ensure that all birthdates are registered and corresponding amenities are delivered.
5. Manage preparation and distribution of welcome cards.
6. Make arrangements with other departments to ensure proper handling of amenities to be placed in VIP rooms (i.e. flowers, special occasion cakes, etc)
7. Conduct regular inspection of rooms and liaise with the housekeeping or engineering department on deviation from standard set-ups.
8. Manage the pick-up and send-off of all guests with airport transfer arrangements by giving clear/accurate instructions to Airport Representative and closely coordinating with Guest Services Manager or Chief Concierge on vehicle assignment.
9. Be on hand to meet and escort all arriving VIPs ensuring that their needs are satisfied, their luggage are swiftly sent to their rooms, and that they are checked in a courteous and efficient manner with no delay. Give a complete introduction of the hotel and its facilities, pointing out fire evacuation routes.
10. Constantly check reservations to ensure that VIP guests and bookings with special requests (i.e. airport pick-up, entitlement for repeat visits, etc.) are handled correctly.
11. Closely coordinate with “Royal Service” section ensuring that guests’ and related requests are attended to in a most efficient manner.
12. Impose and observe the established method of coordination with all departments, particularly with Kitchen concerning amenities.
13. Responsibly use all available systems and equipment including PMS (Property Management System), internet lines, etc.
14. Supervise shift endorsement, follow up on all outstanding matters and ensure the delivery/completion of service.
15. Coordinate and ensure the maintenance of an atmosphere of tranquility in all areas of the hotel, never giving the impression that there is a problem.
16. Continuously update oneself and have a comprehensive knowledge on places and events, trends, developments and new ideas to enhancing guest experience.
17. Be aware of all fire prevention and safety regulations at all times.
18. Handle all emergencies as laid down in the hotel’s emergency policy.
19. Have a complete knowledge of hotel programs, facilities and activities; as well as the local environment such as attractions, restaurants and shopping areas within the city.
Your benefits will include
A competitive tax free starting salary and holiday entitlement as per UAE Law. As an employee you will be entitled to Radisson employee benefits.
You will find opportunities to develop and nurture your own learning and training skills with our unique Business school learning approach.
We look forward to explaining in detail the range of excellent benefits that you would expect from a global hotel organization like Radisson Royal.
Please send your Updated CV with your recent photograph.est Service
Occasional Duties
In addition to performance of the essential functions, this position may be required to perform a combination of supportive functions as deemed necessary by the superior.
The successful candidate will
Have a warm friendly Yes I can! attitude. Thrives on taking responsibility and working in an empowered environment. Innovative and outgoing Hungry for personal development Fluent in English, ideally you will have previous experience in a similar post and will have worked with Fidelio/Opera. Team player
'
Share this job
Catererglobal.com is a trademark of Totaljobs Group Ltd. © 2013 Copyright and database rights Totaljobs Group Ltd.Powered by .