Chinese Chef jobs in Hozpitality Consulting in Dubai - United Arab Emirates - Naukrigulf.com
Job Seekers Login:
|
Chinese Chef
at Hozpitality Consulting in
-
Posted: Apr 30, 2014 Exp:
10 - 15
yrs.
| Opening(s): 1
Education: Basic - Bachelor of Hotel Management(Hotel Management)
Gender: Not Mentioned
Industry Type:
/
/
/
Functional Area:
/
/
/
Your Message could not be sent.
Your message has been sent
Job Description
Share
Responsible for supervision of Chinese Kitchen. Guides various cooks in performance of their duties to the required standards.
Assist the Executive Chef with special functions/food promotions.
Expedites food order in the kitchen to facilitate efficient restaurant service.
Keeps in view the following days menu and requisition for food items needed from various stores
Assigned to conduct on the job training and improve the standard when necessary.
In charge of duty rosters and organize shift.
Maintains all office records and other inter-office correspondence.
Responsible for hygiene and safety conditions in the kitchen.
To administer and properly control the subordinate staff and check the performance and reports to department head as and when required and suggest the remedial measures.
Graduate from recognized culinary college, preference will be given to post graduate culinary education.
Professional Experience :10-15 years in the 4/5 star hotel, in the hotel kitchen as Chinese Chef
Keyword: Chinese Chef
|
Company Profile
Hozpitality Consulting
Contact Details
Website
Disclaimer: Naukrigulf.com is only a platform to bring jobseekers & employers together. Applicants are advised to research the bonafides of the prospective employer independently. We do NOT endorse any requests for money payments and strictly advice against sharing personal or bank related information.We also recommend you visit
for more information. If you suspect any fraud or malpractice, email us at
To*
From*
Subject*
Email:
Password:
Upload a latest profile photo
A CV with photo has 40% higher chances of getting noticed by employers
Upload Profile Photo
This is how your profile photo will look like.To make adjustments, you can drag around and resize the yellow dashed-square on the right panel.
When you are satisfied with your photo click the "Save Photo" button.
Browse Jobs by
Jobs By Location
Jobs By Category
Job Seekers
Recruiters
Partner Sites
Company
Information
All rights reserved © 2001-
2014 Info Edge (India) Ltd.