Real Estate Broker - Dubai
Job Seekers
|
|
what:
where:
Leicester
- £50,000-100,000 per year
Company Profile
Established in March 2013, McCone Properties is a real estate agency that operates in Dubai, United Arab Emirates. We specialize in the sale and lease of residential and commercial property in the most popular areas of the Emirate, such as Downtown Burj Khalifa, Arabian Ranches, Dubai Marina and Palm Jumeirah. McCone Properties prides itself on its professional, experienced and RERA approved team of brokers that strive to assist their clients in all their real estate related needs and concerns. As we believe it is the broker's responsibility to pass on valuable knowledge to their clients, McCone Properties focuses a large amount of its resources into attaining an extensive knowledge of the vast and ever-changing Dubai property market.
Purpose of the position
To acts as the broker for residential property transactions (including sales and leases) throughout the city of Dubai, UAE
Responsibilities & duties
¦Responsibility 1 -Building and managing a substantial property portfolio that you have acquired the right to either sell or lease (minimum of 30). This is achieved by contacting the individuals listed on our databases (via cold-calling, emailing, etc.). Requires approximately 5-7 hours per week.
¦Responsibility 2 -Uploading and updating your property listings through our CRM (Propspace). Requires approximately 3-5 hours per week.
¦Responsibility 3 - Carrying out all necessary tasks and communications with your clients that will assist you to achieve your monthly sale and lease targets (including viewings, client meetings, follow-ups, etc…). Requires 10-15 hours per week.
¦Responsibility 4 -Overseeing and assisting all contracts from the initial agreement until the final settlement. Requires 5-10 hours per week. This job was originally posted as
Summary
Location:
Company:
Contract type: Permanent
Send to a friend
Your friend's email
Your full name
Your message
Real Estate Broker - Dubai
http://www.careerjet.co.uk/jobview/26c44a96fb405ff8d3bc8804c7e13420.html?affid=7b2e27d9738a79f5
|
|
|
|
© 2014 Careerjet