[Jobs] Requirement of Teaching Faculty at DHA Karachi | DHA Today
Applications of experienced / fresh candidates (male / female) are invited for following subject of cambridge and matric streams.
English
Urdu
Pakistan Studies
Political Science
Fine Arts
PTI Male / Female
Physics
Maths & Add Maths
Social Studies
Computers
Maths & Science Teachers Junior Section (English Medium)
English, Social Studies & Science Teachers Junior Section (English Medium)
For Eligibility Qualification, Experience please
For Prescribed Application Form please
Send Prescribed Application Form by post or personally at the address given below along-with copy of CNIC and recent passport size photographs by 10-May-2014.
DHA Education Directorate
Pakistan Defence Officers Housing Authority
Street – 3, Off Kh-e-Rahat, Phase – VI, DHA, Karachi
Telephone : 35341649, 35346625
Share this:
Related posts:
Subscribe
If you enjoyed this article, subscribe to receive more just like it.
Privacy guaranteed. We never share your info.
Leave a Reply
Name ( required )
Email ( required; will not be published )
Website
Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email.
«
»
Directory
Hot Spots
Related posts:
SubscribeEnter your email address below to receive updates each time we publish new content.
Privacy guaranteed. We never share your info.
Hot Spots
Top Posts
News
About DHAToday.com
launched in 2012, is one of the top online resource for DHA Karachi & Clifton to help you get the most and accurate information in quick time. DHA Today provides content, connections, and awareness to the Defence and Clifton community.
Recent CommentsNoor Mohammad on
on Babbar on Ahmad on Muhammad Hussain on Bilawal on Saqib on Ahmad on Bee Zee on umair aslam on
on Akbar on Bee Zee on asif on faheem on
Residential Areas (Maps)
Commercial Areas (Maps)
Associations
©
2014 DHA Today. All About DHA Karachi & Clifton. All rights reserved.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.