Deputy Chief of Party in Chemonics International Inc
Welcome Guest
|
|
Email
Password
Registered Users
1,204,170
Posted Jobs
33,814
Deputy Chief of Party
Chemonics International Inc
Posted :02 May, 2014
1,034 views
Job Location: KarachiCountry: PakistanPositions: 1Job Type: Full Time
Department / Job Category: Others
Last Date: 25 May, 2014
Project Description
USAID is a development partner to the Government of Sindh and is currently supporting the Department of Education and Literacy with implementation of the Sindh Basic Education program (SBEP) in Districts Sukkur, Khairpur, Larkana, Qambar-Shahdadkot, Jacobabad, Kashmore, Dadu and selected towns of Karachi city. The overarching goal of SBEP is “Increased and Sustained Student Enrollment in Primary, Middle and Secondary Schools in targeted geographical locations in Sindh.” The Sindh Reading Program (SRP) is a five-year initiative in the same geographic areas of the parent SBEP. SRP will support the SBEP goal based on lessons learned from USAID and the Government of Sindh’s legacy of early grade teaching and learning.
Over the life of project, SRP aims to:
Improve teacher competencies for effective early grade reading and mathematics instruction;
Improve early grade reading and mathematics assessment practice;
Improve student access to supplementary reading and mathematics material;
Enhance participation of parents and caregivers in support of early grade literacy and early grade numeracy for out of school children.
About Chemonics International:
On January 6, 2014, Chemonics International and its institutional development partners School-to-School International, Health and Nutrition Development Society, Indus Resource Centre, and Souktel Inc., were awarded a contract by USAID to implement the Sindh Reading program to achieve the aims above.
Chemonics is an international development company that partners with local and international organizations to promote social and economic change around the world. From our founding in 1975, we have worked in more than 150 countries to help our clients, partners, and beneficiaries face difficult challenges, from political instability to poor education performance, to a lack of market infrastructure. We have helped them overcome those challenges by working together to find and implement innovative programs that achieve development impact.
We are entirely employee-owned, giving us both the freedom and the responsibility to pursue our mission with single-minded focus. Holding ourselves to the highest quality standards, we are also committed to living our values of caring, excellence, innovation, integrity, and opportunity to implement efficient and effective programs that build a better future for those we serve.
At Chemonics, we believe our mission of helping people live healthier, more productive, and more independent lives is driven by our commitment to service to our mission, to our beneficiaries, to our clients, and to our staff.
Position Objective:
The DCOP will be responsible for providing guidance and oversight of all SRP technical components.  She/ he will ensure the quality of an integrated technical approach that leads to SRP impact and effectiveness across the project.  This position will provide direct oversight of the project’s approach toward improving teacher competencies and professional development, assessment practice, access and material development leading to relevant learning outcomes for youth, and coordinating the establishment of a more formalized NFE system via a cadre of education practioners, partners and institutions.  The DCOP position will serve as a member of the SRP senior management team (SMT) with direct coordination responsibilities with each of the project’s technical leads and will report directly to the Chief of Party. The DCOP will also serve as a leadership representative of SRP and acting Chief of Party when the COP is not available.
The Deputy Chief of Party will adhere to and act in accordance with the Chemonics professional code of ethics, ‘Living Our Values’, and will make the principles of the code a part of SRP’s culture and operating procedures.
Qualifications
Advanced degree (PhD preferred) in applied linguistics and/or language education and acquisition (preferably with a solid background in second language education).
A teaching license and experience as a classroom teacher (particularly in early childhood education and development and/or primary education).
At least 5 years’ experience in middle and senior level technical leadership roles for large projects and activities with a particular focus on large-scale teacher professional development programs.
At least 5 years of experience in carrying out research activities related to programmatic areas of interest for SRP: language education, language acquisition, reading, teacher professional development, action research, and impact assessment at the school/classroom levels.
At least 10 years’ experience managing technical experts and consultants.
A sound understanding of the education sector in Pakistan in general and in Sindh in particular.
Access to a network of relevant stakeholders and the demonstrated ability to build networks and alliances  across the public, private, and civil sectors.
Certification in conflict/crisis sensitivity for education programming (including an understanding of the Do No Harm analytical approach to planning and implementation) or willingness to participate in training.
Demonstrated understanding of social equity considerations including gender, poverty, and disability.
Proficiency (speaking, listening, reading, writing) in Urdu, and English required with proficiency in Sindhi preferred.
Willingness to travel frequently within selected districts in northern Sindh and towns of Karachi as well as occasionally to other areas of Pakistan
Application Instructions:
Please email a CV, letter of interest, and three references with contact information to  no later than May 25, 2014. Please write “Deputy Chief of Party” in the subject line.
Chemonics is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate in its selection and employment practices on the basis of race, color,  religion, sex, national origin, political affiliation, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, disability, genetic information, age,  membership in an employee organization, or other non-merit factors. Qualified women are strongly encouraged to apply.
Hot Jobs
.....
.....
.....
.....
.....
Spotlight
Copyright 2014 BrightSpyre.com