GulfTalent.com
Recruitment Manager
Nimbus Resource Solutions
Dubai, UAE
Posted on: 1 May 2014
THE ROLE
Expand all
Recruitment Manager - AED12k-AED15k - Jebel Ali
An opportunity is now available for this fantastic Retail organization based in Jebel Ali for a Recruitment Manager and Recruitment Specialist.
These position will report in to the HR Manager and will be responsible for recruitment across the organization including senior hires through to large recruitment campaigns.
This position would suit Indian Nationals.
REQUIREMENTS
Key requirements for the position:
Work closely with HR Manager to plan recruitment initiatives
• Maintain up-do-date record of all approved Recruitment Requisitions received from hiring managers.
• Participate in the interview meeting as required and ensure to provide best candidate experience during the whole process.
• Negotiate salary and other entitlements with candidates and make offers as agreed by the hiring managers.
• Ensure that all documentation is completed at every stage of recruitment & selection as per the recruitment procedure.
• Coordinate for any logistics, travel arrangement for new hires if traveling from other country.
• Ensure consistency of candidate experience and avoidance of any communication gaps.
• Work with department managers and in consultation with HR Director, develop and maintain recruitment standards to ensure quality of talent to be acquired.
• Ensure that all approvals are secured during the whole recruitment cycle.
Benefits include annual ticket and full medical insurance for individual and family
ABOUT THE COMPANY
Nimbus Resource Solutions is a specialist recruitment company based in Dubai placing contract and permanent resources across Europe, Middle East and Africa. We work with clients across the Satellite and Information Technology sectors.
We build long-term partnerships with our clients and our candidates. Our ability to source the best talent has a significant impact on business performance, as well as enhancing individual careers.
Send
Candidates who applied for this job also applied for:
|
|