Dubai Logistics Leader, ME Job
Search by Keyword
Share this Job
Please enable JavaScript to subscribe.
Email
Please wait...
Logistics Leader, ME Job
GE
Date: May 1, 2014
Location: Dubai, United Arab Emirates
Job Number: 1959129
Business: GE Healthcare
Business Segment: Healthcare Global Supply Chain
About Us: What do you envision for your future? At GE Healthcare, our vision involves looking at Healthcare in a completely new way. Focusing on earlier, pre-symptomatic disease detection and prevention, instead of late diagnosis. Helping clinicians access more information and intervene sooner with targeted treatments so their patients can lead longer, fuller lives.We believe we can help make that happen – and we'd like you to be a part of our mission. As a global leader, GE can bring together the best in science, technology, business and human resources to redefine the frontiers of healthcare.Something remarkable happens when you bring together people who are driven to make a difference – they do.---Your Life. Your career. Your purpose. Re-imagined----
Posted Position Title: Logistics Leader, ME
Career Level: Experienced
Function: Logistics
Function Segment: Logistics
Location: United Arab Emirates
U.S. State, China or Canada Provinces:
City: Dubai
Postal Code:
Relocation Assistance: No
Role Summary/Purpose: The Logistics Leader is responsible for the management of warehousing, consolidation and transportation.
This includes initiating improvements in logistics operation, and facilitates a strategic outlook that will better serve all stakeholders.
Essential Responsibilities: - 	Responsible for On Time Shipment (Inbound & Outbound) / SCOT for transportation- 	Overcome road blocks to ensure shipment is made in line with internal and external customers requirements- 	Drive warehousing optimization/Lean projects- 	Establish and maintain focus on safety, driving 0 Lost Time Accident initiative- 	Establish and maintain ISO/GAC approved procedures for all operations- 	Develop, coach and lead consolidation team, setting measurable goals and objectives to evaluate success
Qualifications/Requirements: 1.	Bachelor’s Degree or 5 years of work experience in logistics, material management, warehousing, or supply chain management2.	3 yeas of experience working in logistics, materials management, warehousing and distribution, or supply chain management.3.	Proficient in Microsoft Office, i.e. Excel, Power Point, and Word4.	Good Knowledge of ERP/ WMS/ TMS
Additional Eligibility Qualifications:
Desired Characteristics: 1.	Bachelor’s Degree in Logistics, Materials or Supply Chain Management.
2.	Minimum of 7 years of operational logistics, warehousing and distribution, or supply chain management.
3.	Lean Expertise, including Lean Six Sigma process methodology.
4.	Solid communication and analytical skills, including experience with communicating with others from different counties and cultures.
5.	Ability to energize, develop and build rapport at all levels within the organization.
6.	Proven ability to execute, multi-task, and deliver on commitments.
7.	Experience working in a compliant supply chain.
Job Segments: Logistics, Lean Six Sigma, Supply Chain Manager, Supply, ERP, Operations, Management, Technology
Find similar jobs:
,
,
,
,
We are an equal opportunity employer, offering a great work environment, challenging career opportunities, professional training and competitive compensation.