Sale Officer Job, Karachi, Tiger Security Services - ROZEE.PK
|
Sale Officer
Tiger Security Services,
Karachi
|    |    |
Your application has been submitted successfully. Employer may contact you on .
Not a Member?
Upload your CV to apply for this job.
Step 1/2: Upload Your CV
CV Uploading...
Already a Member:   Login below
Find people you may know at Tiger Security Services
Job Detail
More Jobs From:
Industry:
Functional Area:
Total Position:
15
Job Type:
Part Time
Job Location:
,
Gender:
Doesn't Matter
Age:
18 - 50 Year
Minimum Education:
Intermediate/A-Level
Career Level:
Student (Undergraduate/Graduate)
Salary Range:
PKR. 5,000 - 15,000/Month
Apply By:
Jun 2, 2014
Job Posting Date:
May 2, 2014
Jobs from Similar Employers
Job Description:
We are security services providing company working since 1991. We warmly welcome every motivated individual who have strong communication skills, convincing power and huge family and friend circle. Must have a passion to work, learn and grow in the field of sales and business development.Responsibilities 1.You will act as a Freewill marketer and buzz agent among your circle of influence. 2. You need to create buzz (awareness + need + Sales Order) in your family & friend circle, area & building, and professional network about our services and brand. 3. Salary is purely COMMISSIONED based i.e. 500 Rs/- per product sale. Why Work with Us?1. Not a 9-5 job2. Work on commission 3. Freedom to work from anywhere at any time (No Permanent office work)4. The more you create buzz the more you will earn 5. Open offer for the post of Assistant Manager, starting salary at 25000 Rs/- Month only if you work with consistency, passion and honesty and bring at least 25 customers.
Sales Skills, ,
ROZEE.PK
Would you like to receive free alerts for similar jobs?
Email:
Job Seekers
Send FeedbackWe would like to hear from you.
Copyright ©2014 ROZEE.PK - Jobs in Pakistan
- All Rights Reserved. - A Division of Naseeb Networks, Inc.
Reproduction of material from any ROZEE.PK pages without permission is strictly prohibited.
|
|
|
|