Senior Electrical Engineer Job in Cairo - Archirodon Construction (Overseas) Co. S.A. - Bayt.com
OK
Cancel
Loading...
Loading...
Jobs
Jobs
Salaries
People Companies Specialties
- All -
- All -Algeria (12)Bahrain (115)Dubai (1556)Egypt (497)Iraq (81)Jordan (391)Kuwait (740)Lebanon (250)Libya (16)Morocco (12)Oman (96)Pakistan (34)Qatar (1061)Saudi Arabia (2775)Sri Lanka (64)Tunisia (6)UAE (3584)Yemen (3)
Loading...
Menu - []
›
› Job Description
Senior Electrical Engineer
- ,
Date Posted: 2014/05/01 16:01:10
Ref. JB3046372
Job Description
- Electrical Estimation during tender stage.
- Design Electrical systems.
- Monitor and control expenses related to the electrical works and ensure organizational forecasts and budgets will meet these expenses.
- Evaluating subcontractor offers against the specifications scope of work.
- Review and evaluate technical submittals and shop drawings prior to submission to consultants and clients according to required project specifications.
- Quantity take off and review contracts monthly invoices.
- Prepare the Pr and PO for electrical materials as per the drawings and specifications.
Skills
- Minimum 10 years of experience.
- Very good oral and written communication, motivated, problem solving, social, diplomatic.
- Quality / result driven on time.
- Conversant of CAD 2D and 3D / REVIT.
- Strong knowledge with ASTM
Education
Bachelor of Electrical Engineering
Job Details
Job Location:
Cairo, Egypt
Company Industry:
Construction; Construction/Civil Engineering
Company Type:
Employer (Private Sector)
Job Role:
Engineering
Joining Date:
Unspecified
Employment Status:
Full time
Employment Type:
Employee
Monthly Salary Range:
Unspecified
Manages Others:
Yes
Number of Vacancies:
1
Preferred Candidate
Career Level:
Mid Career
Years of Experience:
Min: 10 Max: 20
Residence Location:
Egypt
Gender:
Male
Nationality:
Unspecified
Degree:
Bachelor's degree / higher diploma
About This Company
Archirodon, one of the leading international construction groups, with world wide diversified activities, offers a full range of services in engineering and construction projects. The firm's evolution for over a 50 year span is reflected in its continuing record of achievements performing major civil, industrial and electromechanical projects worldwide. Archirodon's people and resources accomplish any project undertaking from concept to completion. Archirodon's excellent performance record reflects the experience of motivated staff using modern technology and the highest quality standards.
Our mission in Archirodon is to maintain a prominent position as a respected international construction company by executing major civil, mechanical and electrical projects world-wide in the most reputable manner.
Our activities : *Marine & heavy civil construction *Dredging & reclamation *Roads and bridges *Railroads *Water and sewerage *Industrial facilities : Projects for oil / Power & desalination industries / Jetties / Seawater Intakes / Onshore & Offshore Pipelines / Dams Buildings / Electrical, Mechanical & Instrumentation Works / Geotechnical and foundation engineering.
you can visit our website; www.archirodon.net
Date Posted: 2014/05/01 16:01:10
Ref. JB3046372
Similar Jobs
Recommended Courses
Invite Your
Friends to Bayt.com
Find Jobs
About Bayt.com
Bayt.com is the leading job site in the Gulf and Middle East, connecting job seekers with employers looking to hire.
Every day, thousands of new job vacancies are listed on the award-winning platform from the region's top employers.
Company
Quick Links
Follow
© 2000-2014 Bayt.com, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
-
Reproduction of material from any Bayt.com pages without written permission is strictly prohibited.