Planning Engineer - AICI Job in Cairo - Archirodon Construction (Overseas) Co. S.A. - Bayt.com
OK
Cancel
Loading...
Loading...
Jobs
Jobs
Salaries
People Companies Specialties
- All -
- All -Algeria (12)Bahrain (115)Dubai (1556)Egypt (497)Iraq (81)Jordan (391)Kuwait (740)Lebanon (250)Libya (16)Morocco (12)Oman (96)Pakistan (34)Qatar (1061)Saudi Arabia (2775)Sri Lanka (64)Tunisia (6)UAE (3584)Yemen (3)
Loading...
Menu - []
›
› Job Description
Planning Engineer - AICI
- ,
Date Posted: 2014/05/01 15:41:25
Ref. JB3046345
Job Description
Planning Engineer with 3 to 5 years of experience is required for our regional office located in Nasr City.
Main tasks include:
- Participate in preparation of contract baseline schedule and/or revised schedules in coordination with the Lead Planner under the advice and guidance of the Regional Planning Manager and the project team.
- Prepare the progress update monitoring sheets for the various project phases and disciplines to allow performing periodic project schedule updates.
Skills
- . in Engineering (Preferably Civil, Construction or Architecture).
- Using the last updated software of Primavera (P6).
- Candidates who are resident of Nasr City or nearby area are preferable.
Education
Bachelor of Engineering
Job Details
Job Location:
Cairo, Egypt
Company Industry:
Construction/Civil Engineering; Construction
Company Type:
Employer (Private Sector)
Job Role:
Management
Joining Date:
Unspecified
Employment Status:
Full time
Employment Type:
Employee
Monthly Salary Range:
$500 - $1,000
Manages Others:
Unspecified
Number of Vacancies:
1
Preferred Candidate
Career Level:
Mid Career
Years of Experience:
Min: 3 Max: 5
Residence Location:
Egypt
Gender:
Unspecified
Nationality:
Unspecified
Degree:
Bachelor's degree / higher diploma
About This Company
Archirodon, one of the leading international construction groups, with world wide diversified activities, offers a full range of services in engineering and construction projects. The firm's evolution for over a 50 year span is reflected in its continuing record of achievements performing major civil, industrial and electromechanical projects worldwide. Archirodon's people and resources accomplish any project undertaking from concept to completion. Archirodon's excellent performance record reflects the experience of motivated staff using modern technology and the highest quality standards.
Our mission in Archirodon is to maintain a prominent position as a respected international construction company by executing major civil, mechanical and electrical projects world-wide in the most reputable manner.
Our activities : *Marine & heavy civil construction *Dredging & reclamation *Roads and bridges *Railroads *Water and sewerage *Industrial facilities : Projects for oil / Power & desalination industries / Jetties / Seawater Intakes / Onshore & Offshore Pipelines / Dams Buildings / Electrical, Mechanical & Instrumentation Works / Geotechnical and foundation engineering.
you can visit our website; www.archirodon.net
Date Posted: 2014/05/01 15:41:25
Ref. JB3046345
Recommended Courses
Invite Your
Friends to Bayt.com
Find Jobs
About Bayt.com
Bayt.com is the leading job site in the Gulf and Middle East, connecting job seekers with employers looking to hire.
Every day, thousands of new job vacancies are listed on the award-winning platform from the region's top employers.
Company
Quick Links
Follow
© 2000-2014 Bayt.com, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
-
Reproduction of material from any Bayt.com pages without written permission is strictly prohibited.