Corporate Manager - Dubai - Financial Services in Middle East - Jobs | businesslife.co
Register now to advertise with
>
>
>
View
[33637] - Corporate Manager - Dubai - AP Executive
Our client, a leading legal and corporate services provider with offices in the UAE requires a corporate manager to be based in its Dubai office. The successful applicant will be responsible for the management and administration of a portfolio of companies and attending to the incorporation and management of new entities in several jurisdictions.  The position involves liaising with attorneys and service professionals throughout a global network of offices as well as leading an administrative team responsible for the day-to-day management and administration of a portfolio of companies.  The ideal candidate will have a legal background with a relevant qualification (STEP, ICSA). A broad financial offshore knowledge with 5 to 10 years relevant experience in the corporate service industry as well as team management capabilities. This is a hands-on job for a dynamic manager seeking an opportunity to develop and expand an already successful corporate services business.For further information please contact Anicet Tanghe via email anicet.tanghe@ap-executive.com or phone +41 22 807 2021
Features & RequirementsFurther InformationLocation: Middle EastProfession: Financial ServicesSalary: Negotiable
Contact Details
Email: Related Downloads
Applying for: Job position
Simply fill in your details below and we will forward your enquiry to AP Executive. We do not retain a
copy of your correspondence or attached file(s) - they are passed directly to the advertiser.
Fields marked with a * are mandatory.
First name *
Last name *
Email address*
Phone number
Covering letter *
Upload CV
Browse...
.pdf, .doc, .docx only
Copyright © 2010-2013, Chameleon Group Ltd
| Powered by
Want to know when we publish new content?
All you need to do is sign up for our newsletter and indicate your preferences below. You'll receive a daily summary email for each
type of article when new items are published.
Please be advised that the volume of Business News articles which we publish is fairly high and you should expect to receive an email
most days if you opt in for them.
You can update your preferences at any time by registering for a businesslife.co account and visiting the 'Your Profile' page.
Email Address:
Business News:
Features:
It's easy to stay current with businesslife.co.
Just sign up for our email updates!