Field Application Scientist HID (Forensics) Middle East with Thermo Fisher | 1401506338
Jobseekers
|
Employers
Field Application Scientist HID (Forensics) Middle East
Employer
Thermo Fisher
Posted
Thursday, May 1, 2014
Closes
Thursday, May 29, 2014
Location
Dubai,
United Arab Emirates
Job Role
,
Contract Type
Hours
Salary
not specified
(this will open in a new window)
Further information
Thermo Fisher Scientific, formerly Life Technologies, currently has a vacancy for a
Field Applications Scientist to work within the HID (Forensics) team
to provide technical support and training to a growing number of customers in the Middle East. This is an exciting opportunity for an ambitious and dynamic individual to join a fast paced global Life Sciences organization, at what is an exciting time in the growth of Thermo Fisher in the Middle East.
Field Application Scientist, HID (Forensics) Middle East
Home office based – preferred location is Dubai
Arabic and English language skills are required
Please submit applications in English
Responsibilities:
Ensure complete customer satisfaction by coordinating on-site technical support on automation, such as lab setup consultancy, training, troubleshooting, and remote follow up in the territory of EMEA (Europe, Middle East, Africa).
Contribute to presales activities by running the most fit to purpose demonstrations.
Responsible for closing open customer complaint and Impact service by joint problem solving and technical coaching, including activities for third-party companies
Complete responsibility for Applied Markets (APM) HID automation portfolio - in supporting adequate implementation of Life Technologies’ automation solutions at customer site as for the achievement of APM direct products revenue plan
Responsible for providing, in a timely and professional manner, all technical activities to contribute to the success of the business working closely with his/her corresponding Key Account Manager
Play Major role by preparing & delivering /performing Technical Sales Tasks to support the strategic of presales operations (demonstrations, evaluations, dual visits, seminars/lectures/workshops) of whole solution offer fitting to the customer / market needs
Play Major Role in coordinating and driving to completion all automation projects under his/her responsibility by delivering all type of Post Sales Support at customer site, Company Demo Lab or remotely for optimal consultancy service, testing and validation service, implementation and training, troubleshoot and follow up. Preparation & Delivery of Customer Trainings & User Meetings
Responsible for maintaining up to date technical expertise as develop a profound domain knowledge by establishing contacts to internal resources, third-party companies involved in the implementations, generate Customers Reference Sites, and become strong internal Voice of Customer. Provide feedback on technical problems and their respective solutions. Share expertise & knowledge amongst the team
*LI-SM1
Minimum Qualifications (must have)
Required Job Qualification
PhD or comparable education in appropriate science subject with relevant experience. High degree of technical competence & confidence and ability to interface with the corresponding community of the markets to the highest level.
Excellent communication & presentation skills.
Willingness to travel internationally. Extensive travel across the Middle East and further afield is expected (Up to 75%).
Fluent English language skills – oral and written plus additional knowledge of a second European language
Work may sometimes be performed on evenings and weekends.
Work is either performed in the field and the environment varies from driving conditions to visits on customer sites, in laboratories working with low hazard chemicals, automated instrumentation and computer equipment
Apply Now
(this will open in a new window)
Thermo Fisher
Share this job
Options
More jobs like this
Standard site |
© 2008 - 2014 Reed Business Information. Powered by Madgex .
Cookies on the New Scientist Jobs website
Our website uses cookies, which are small text files that are widely used in order to make websites work more effectively. To continue using our website and consent to the use of cookies, click away from this box or click 'Close'.