Oracle Manufacturing - Application Support Analyst Job in Dubai, United Arab Emirates
Email:
Password:
Keep me logged in
Powered by
You can checkout a maximum of 150 jobs.
Create a free virtual CV and let recruiters find you
Automatically have your profile matched to suitable Oil & Gas positions
Link to your profile using it as a free online CV
Store all your employment documents to your profile for easy sending
Always receive feedback on positions applied for
Advertise Oil and Gas jobs for free
Suitable candidates automatically matched to your position
View candidate profiles for free
No more waiting for candidates to respond to job advertisements
Only ever pay when you match a candidate to a position
No more cold calling and sorting through out dated CVs
Oracle Manufacturing - Application Support AnalystAdd to Jobs BasketYou can apply for up to 10 jobs at once by adding them to your basket.Application LimitCandidates can apply for up to 150 jobs in 28 days.
> Status: LiveJob DetailsLocation:
> Working Locations: OfficePosted: 01/05/2014 15:00:00Expires: 29/05/2014 15:00:00Job Description
Oracle Manufacturing - Application Support AnalystLeap29 represent an international oil and gas service company that is currently looking for experienced professionals with Oracle Manufacturing and
e-Business Suite application for an exciting new opening in Dubai, UAE. This is a very exciting opportunity to join highly successful company who are committed to performance and delivery. This particular role will require the selected applicant to be responsible for providing functional application support for sourcing rules, internal requisition, purchasing, order and inventory management and overall e-business suite modules and discrete manufacturing. To be suitable for this particular position you will need to have the following background/skills:*Minimum Bachelor Degree*Min 3 years of relevant experience *Solid experience with Oracle e-Business Suite *Minimum one year experience with Oracle Manufacturing - Discrete Manufacturing*Experience in providing functional supportIn return you will be rewarded with a highly competitive salary package and an excellent opportunity to work with global leading service provider within Oil and Gas Industry.If you want to take your career to the next level in a highly desirable location then this is the move for you. If you feel you have the relevant skills and experience then please apply by following the relevant links provided.
Similar Jobs to Oracle Manufacturing - Application Support AnalystLiveNetwork Security Engineer >
> Job DescriptionMontash have been engaged by a Global Organisation to source and secure a Network Security Engineer to work in a complex and fast faced environment.
Responsibilities
Response to invitations to tender of internal to the Group customers
Communication and declination in the field of standards, methods and practices
Management, planning and monitoring of technical internal projects
Proposals for changes to improve the technical performance of the network infrastructure or security
Audit plans and analysis of existing infrastructure
Skills and Requirements
Must be fluent in English and French (Dutch and Flemish would be an advantage)
Ideally someone who has been involved in a data centre move and understands the business requirements from an IT perspective.
Must have good communication skills and be able to cope under pressure
There will be travel required between Paris and Brussels and vice versa
Technical skills required: Firewall, Checkpoint FW-1 / Juniper ISG, Proxy: Bluecoat ProxySG, Loadbalancer: F5 BigIP / Alteon, VPN SSL: Juniper Secure Access / Cisco Any Connect
This is an urgent requirement for a Network Security Engineer to join a Global Organisation, please submit your CV for a confidential conversation.Type:
Short Term Contract / SiteSalary: NegotiableMontash have been engaged by a Global Organisation to source and secure a Network Security Engineer to work in a complex and fast faced environment.
Responsibilities
Response to ...Posted: Tue 06 May at 8:00       Expires: Tue 03 Jun at 8:00LiveNetwork Security Engineer >
> Job DescriptionMontash have been engaged by a Global Organisation to source and secure a Network Security Engineer to work in a complex and fast faced environment.
Responsibilities
Response to invitations to tender of internal to the Group customers
Communication and declination in the field of standards, methods and practices
Management, planning and monitoring of technical internal projects
Proposals for changes to improve the technical performance of the network infrastructure or security
Audit plans and analysis of existing infrastructure
Skills and Requirements
Must be fluent in English and French (Dutch and Flemish would be an advantage)
Ideally someone who has been involved in a data centre move and understands the business requirements from an IT perspective.
Must have good communication skills and be able to cope under pressure
There will be travel required between Paris and Brussels and vice versa
Technical skills required: Firewall, Checkpoint FW-1 / Juniper ISG, Proxy: Bluecoat ProxySG, Loadbalancer: F5 BigIP / Alteon, VPN SSL: Juniper Secure Access / Cisco Any Connect
This is an urgent requirement for a Network Security Engineer to join a Global Organisation, please submit your CV for a confidential conversation.Type:
Short Term Contract / SiteSalary: NegotiableMontash have been engaged by a Global Organisation to source and secure a Network Security Engineer to work in a complex and fast faced environment.
Responsibilities
Response to ...Posted: Tue 06 May at 8:00       Expires: Tue 03 Jun at 8:00LiveData Specialist - Seismic >
> Job DescriptionOur client is a global energy provider operating in over 30 countries worldwide. With over 30,000 employees the company is committed to contributing to social, economic and environmental improvements in all of the communities in which they operate
They are currently recruiting for the position of Data Specialist - Seismic, based in Aberdeen
Responsibilities will include: Accountable for loading, quality control, cataloguing, data base creation, retrieval and maintenance of physical and/or electronic data. Work with primary raw data received from internal operations groups, contractors or other external third parties. Receive and index data related to seismic survey operations including survey headers, seismic field and processed tape inventory, seismic navigation tapes and database, ancillary data (observers, logs, seismic survey reports), seismic data ownership and release requests. Complete initial quality control on the data. Load data into master and project data bases using proper data/project management procedures. Load seismic data items to the CDA industry repository, set appropriate entitlements for partner access and maintain. Manage and maintain the seismic data stores, data bases and catalogues primarily eSearch and SNAP. Work with the Data Analyst and Data Manager to meet the data needs of the business. Provide back-office support for seismic data and workflows from receipt to disposal. Promote data responsibility and awareness through issuance of standards and best practices for managing seismic data. Work closely with the Geophysical Operations group to ensure that data from ongoing operations are indexed and archived. Track and manage data supplied to and from partners and vendors, ensuring data is transmitted/received in appropriate formats. Ensure data is received and/or converted to the appropriate format for long term archive. Coordinate approvals and data delivery associated with seismic data release requests. Ensure compliance with UK Government regulations for managing geophysical data.
Experience/Qualifications Essential: BSc. in Geosciences, Computer Science or equivalent work experience.
Significant related experience. Experience of indexing seismic records in eSearch or equivalent records management system. Understanding of data products from seismic acquisition and processing. Awareness of seismic data ownership rights (proprietary, speculative, trade, courtesy). Full understanding of seismic data life cycle and the associated operator regulatory obligations to DECC. Understanding of seismic data format specifications (SEG-Y, SEG-D, UKOOA). Awareness of coordinate reference systems used in the UK. Knowledge of Upstream workflows and data types
Preferred Experience with UK license obligations and loading of geophysical data to CDA will be an advantage. Experience of data manipulation in Microsoft Excel, Access or Oracle
Contract position
If you feel that you are well suited to the above opportunity and would like to find out more then please contact Orion Group for more information or apply by forwarding your current CV quoting reference 895963
Orion Group currently supplies over 4,500 personnel in roles including Oil & Gas, Renewables, Power & Utilities, Construction, Mining, Rail, Aerospace, IT & Telecoms, Office and Commercial. With 40 offices worldwide, Orion Group operates internationally and in October 2013, were named the UK's number one for Oil & Gas recruitment
Type:
Short Term Contract / OfficeSalary: negOur client is a global energy provider operating in over 30 countries worldwide. With over 30,000 employees the company is committed to contributing to social, economic and environmental improvements in all of the communities in which they operate
They are currently recruiting for the position of Data Specialist - Seismic, based in AberdeenPosted: Tue 06 May at 1:00       Expires: Tue 03 Jun at 1:00LiveTechnical Architect >
> Key Requirements.Job DescriptionTechnical Architect - Microsoft based
An exciting opportunity for a hands on Microsoft based Technical Architect to join a large company going through a substantial growth period. The technical architect will have extensive experience in web-forms using a variation of C#, .Net on top of that they will also be using XML and SQL.
The Technical Architect will be designing architecture whilst also getting their hands dirty making full use of their skillsets, a strong communicator the Technical Architect will be exposed to all levels of Stakeholder management.
Being that it is a Microsoft based Technical Architect, a track record of n-tier and MS solutions is expected alongside any relevant qualifications, the Technical Architect must have had previous involvement aof full product lifecycle projects. Any examples of UML designs will be a strong advantage.
Experience of SAAS and Sharepoint are a desire, but the Technical Architect must have experience in leading technical teams with strong experience in SQL servers and coding.
The Technical Architect will have a hunger and drive to match that of the companies ambitious growth plans, with a dependence on travel the Technical Architect must be willing to dedicate time to projects.
Excellent salary Circa £60k and benefits based in the South East of EnglandType:
Long Term Contract / OfficeSalary: Not statedTechnical Architect - Microsoft based
An exciting opportunity for a hands on Microsoft based Technical Architect to join a large company going through a substantial growth period....Posted: Fri 02 May at 19:00       Expires: Fri 30 May at 19:00LiveSecurity Standards Analyst >
> Job DescriptionResponsibilities:
- Responsible for creation and maintenance of Technical Security Standards both ensuring that the existing standards are applicable and identifying when new standards and needing to be developed
- Production of detailed technical security standards relevant to specific technologies
- Management of the security documentation lifecycle
- Production and maintenance of security processes as defined in the target operating model (TOM)
- Delivery and the preparation of documentation outlining key business requirements for IT security
- Implement pro-active and collaborative measures to ensure that the appropriate controls for new technologies are evaluated, developed and documented in an effective way
- Liaising with product owners to ensure the security standards are appropriate with our Clients environment.
Skills and Experience:
- 6+ years relevant experience
- Previous engineering technical experience in one or more core technical areas
- Experience in working in a complex matrix organisation
- Experience of secure build standards
- Change management and business engagement Skills
- Educated to degree level
Type:
Long Term Contract / OfficeSalary: £50000 - £60000 per annum + packageIT Security Standards AnalystPosted: Fri 02 May at 17:00       Expires: Fri 30 May at 17:00
Featured Recruiters
GOWell is an high-tech company that develops, manufactures and commercializes wireline logging tools with R&D groups based in Houston (USA) and Xi'an and Beijing (China) committed to finding innovative and highly reliable business solutions.
We strive to get closer to our clients and accordingly our growing footprint includes sales offices located in Houston, Dubai, Calgary, Venezuela and Baku.
For more information, visit our website:
Cenergy is a dynamic company that supplies expert workforce solutions to the oil and gas industry. We provide specialized energy personnel, safety solutions, inspection solutions, logistics and vendor management support.
We provide logistics assistance by meeting our clients' planning, dispatching and tracking needs for marine, air, and ground transportation.
Visit our website: .
Orion Group are one of the world's leading engineering recruitment agencies specialising in contract and permanent manpower for the majority of the world's largest energy specialists.
The group have 34 offices located internationally from Calgary and Houston to offices in the Middle East and Asia Pacific.
Visit Orion Group at .
© 2009-2014 oilandgaspeople.com
|