Exova - Environmental administrator -Dubai ,
Dubai
Check your inbox to know about employers who showed interest in your profileSee the names of companies who view your resume, Consider your resume and Contacted with you.Seeker Services Learning Center About XpressResume+Put Your Career in Gear with Monster Career Services. We have got: to help you knock out the competition by showcasing your most marketable skills and strengths with a strategically written resume. to let you determine your personality, career & areas of improvement.
Career Advice Stand out from the job searching crowd with a unique combination of skills, experience, attributes and career advice from Monster. Monster helps you formulate better career decisions by offering numerous career tips for a successful job interview, resume creation, salary and much more.In addition, we have recently introduced interesting and informative sections like
and
to help you stay in step with job trends and accelerate your self-learning.
Job Summary
Company Name
Exova
Locations
Dubai
Experience
3 - 8 years
Keywords / Skills
data entry , coordination
Education
Bachelor's Degree, Master's Degree
Function
• Finance & Accounts • Admin/Secretarial
Role
• Accountant • Finance Assistant • Administration Executive • Secretarial
Industry
• Chemicals/Petrochemicals • Construction • FMCG • Machinery/ Equipment Mfg. • Oil/ Gas/ Petroleum • Pharmaceutical • Plastic/ Rubber • Power/Energy • Real Estate • Retailing • Telecom • Agriculture/ Dairy Based • Aviation/Aerospace • Cement • Ceramics & Sanitary Ware • Electrical/Switchgear • Engineering, Procurement, Construction • Environmental Service • Facility management • Import / Export • Iron/ Steel • Market Research • Office Equipment/Automation • Printing/ Packaging • Shipping/ Marine Services • Wood
Posted On
17th Mar 2014
Share this job
Rate this job
Environmental administrator -Dubai
Exova
Share this job
Apply
Job Description
Prepare invoices for Env Dept across the whole
region
Raise PO's for Env Dept
Competent in SIMS and CRM
Assist with report writing/data entry for Env
monitorng projects ie Barakah reporting
Prepare and compile finance info
ie overtime, expenses etc
Update and maintain Env records
on  server
Key Skill(s)
About Company Exova is one of the most respected testing services companies in the world and operates from over 130 facilities in 25 countries worldwide, providing technical and engineering services to the aerospace, energy, oil and gas, civil engineering, transportation, fire, pharmaceutical, environmental, food and consumer products industries. Exova’s services include quality control, product accreditation, and specification compliance mission critical to its customers.
Apply Without Registration
For Jobs Seekers
Jobs By Functions
Jobs By Location
About Our Site
© 2012 Monster - All Rights Reserved - U.S. Patent No. 5,832,497 - NYSE:
Toll Free No.: 8000177030, Toll No.: +91 40 6611 6993 / +91 40 3057 6993, Email ID: