Primary - Female Elementary Teachers for Various Grades - Dubai - August 2014 - Not Specified United Arab Emirates
Over 63170 Jobs in 68 countries!
- All Countries -
Algeria
Angola
Argentina
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahrain
Belgium
Botswana
Brazil
Brunei Darussalam
Canada
Chile
China
Czech Republic
Denmark
Ecuador
Egypt
Europe
France
Germany
Ghana
Global
Greece
Hong Kong
Hungary
India
Indonesia
Ireland
Italy
Jamaica
Japan
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Libya
Luxembourg
Macau
Malaysia
Mexico
Moldova
Morocco
Netherlands
New Zealand
Nigeria
Norway
Oman
Poland
Portugal
Qatar
Russian Federation
Saudi Arabia
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Slovakia
South Africa
South Korea
Spain
Sweden
Switzerland
Thailand
Turkey
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
United States
Uruguay
Vietnam
- All Job Sectors -
Accounting & Auditing
Administrative & Support Services
Advertising, Marketing & Public Relations
Aerospace/ Aviation
Agriculture, Forestry & Fishing
Architectural Services
Arts, Entertainment & Media
Banking
Biotechnology & Pharmaceutical
Community, Social Services & Non-profit
Construction, Trades & Mining
Consulting Services
Customer Service & Call Center
Design
Education, Training & Library
Employment & Recruitment Agency
Engineering
Finance & Economics
Financial Services
Geosciences
Government & Policy
Health & Social Care, Practitioner & Technician
Hospitality & Tourism
Human Resources
Industry
Information Technology
Installation, Maintenance & Repair
Insurance
Law Enforcement & Security
Legal
Manufacturing & Production
Other
Personal Care
Property
Restaurant & Food Service
Retail & Wholesale
Sales
Science & Research
Sports & Recreation
Telecommunications
Voluntary Services
Warehousing & Distribution
Job Details - Primary - Female Elementary Teachers for Various Grades - Dubai - August 2014
Primary - Female Elementary Teachers for Various Grades - Dubai - August 2014
Donderdag 1 mei 2014
Description
A Selection of Primary/Elementary Teachers from Grades 1 to 4 Needed for a Private School in Dubai:
Start Date: August 2014
Location: Jumeirah, Dubai
Salary: GBP17000 / US$26000 PER ANNUM TAX FREE
Contract: Single applicants / Two Years
Curriculum: US
Teachers looking for a solid grounding in international teaching in a local setting where english is not the first language will benefit hugely from considering the potential that this local fee paying school has to offer.
Teachanywhere has been appointed to select a wide range of elementary teachers for homeroom positions from Grade 1 to Grade 4.
The school not only enjoys an excellent location in Jumeirah not far from the beach but a well resourced, attractive and green campus including a grassy football pitch (not too common in Dubai), sports halls and swimming pools. The school accommodates about 1500 students; segregation by gender is strict reflecting stricter recruitment criteria. Although lower classes are mixed, female teachers are only allowed to teach them. The school is subject to local ministry regulations.
Teachers will need to demonstrate attributes of creativity, patience and flexibility. The US curriculum used is a little more rigid than the UK system with a greater reliance on text books and frequent testing. Teachers need to be mindful of cultural sensitivities and be able to deliver differentiated work on an academic and english language basis. This is not a typical western expatriate school; all students come from local families.
Requirements:
Teachers with one years experience are preferred and they should have a single marital status to reflect the accommodation offering and have an excellent command of the English language. Primary teachers ideally should have Bachelors in Primary Education although those with a PGCE (depending on first degree) will also be considered.
Package:
Tax Free Salary with End of Service Gratuity
Free shared furnished accommodation with good local amenties
Local Medical Insurance
Annual Flights
Vibrant Dubai based social life!
The school offers opportunities for new and less experienced teachers looking for a foot hold on the experience ladder. Contact your local Teachanywhere recruiter today.Important
Teachanywhere's mission is to match teachers with jobs and schools with teachers but unfortunately we cannot help everyone.
Our clients are overseas primary (elementary) and secondary (high school) international schools and organisations that have
very specific requirements with which we must comply.
Please only apply to this job if you meet the following two requirements:
1. You are completely fluent in English and have teaching experience and/or teacher training from one of the countries from which we recruit:
Australia
Canada
Ireland
New Zealand
South Africa
United Kingdom
United States
If you meet the criteria above we can consider you legally able to work for the purposes of this job application.
AND
2. You meet our teacher training requirements, which are:
You are a certified/qualified teacher with teacher training and qualifications that enable you to teach in state schools in
one of the countries listed above. Normally you will have teacher training such as a bachelor's of education, higher diploma in education,
qualified teacher status or full state teacher certification
If you do not meet these criteria it is very unlikely we can help you as we do not normally recruit untrained teachers,
or work with candidates from other regions of the world. If there is some doubt, rather than registering here we ask that you send your CV
to teacher@teachanywhere.com and we will respond if we have a matching vacancy.
Skills
Elementary/Primary/All Subjects,
Job Reference:11529
Available Jobs:30
Position Type:Contract
Sector:Education, Training & Library
Start Date:maandag 25 augustus 2014
Location:Not Specified, United Arab Emirates
Contact:Teachanywhere, United Kingdom
Find other jobs:
|
|
Other DOVA Portals
-
-
-
-
-
-
-