Civil Material Engineer Job in Doha - Kawader Manpower - Bayt.com
OK
Cancel
Loading...
Loading...
Jobs
Jobs
Salaries
People Companies Specialties
- All -
- All -Algeria (12)Bahrain (115)Dubai (1556)Egypt (497)Iraq (81)Jordan (391)Kuwait (740)Lebanon (250)Libya (16)Morocco (12)Oman (96)Pakistan (34)Qatar (1061)Saudi Arabia (2775)Sri Lanka (64)Tunisia (6)UAE (3584)Yemen (3)
Loading...
Menu - []
›
› Job Description
Civil Material Engineer
- ,
Date Posted: 2014/05/01 13:13:58
Ref. JB3046330
Job Description
Our client dealing with Civil Construction is currently looking Civil Material Engineer.
*Experience of working and managing within a changing environment.
*Good commercial awareness including programming and delivery to budgets/timescales.
*Detailed knowledge of construction principles and standards.
*Good communication skills, both written and verbal
*Good negotiating and interpersonal skills.
*Strong organizational skills.
*Commercial awareness, for pricing and analyzing data
*Scheduling material and equipment purchases and delivery.
*Compiling, checking and preparing reports
*Prepare the Materials Monthly Report and submitting to the .
*Submitting the Daily request and Summary to the .
Skills
*Experience 5 to 7 years with international contracting companies.
*Gulf experience is an advantage.
*Holder of a four year
Bs’c degree, or higher.
Education
Bachelor Degree in Civil Engineer
Job Details
Job Location:
Doha, Qatar
Company Industry:
Construction/Civil Engineering
Company Type:
Employer (Private Sector)
Job Role:
Engineering
Joining Date:
Unspecified
Employment Status:
Full time
Employment Type:
Employee
Monthly Salary Range:
Unspecified
Manages Others:
Unspecified
Number of Vacancies:
1
Preferred Candidate
Career Level:
Entry Level
Years of Experience:
Unspecified
Residence Location:
Unspecified
Gender:
Male
Nationality:
Unspecified
Degree:
Bachelor's degree / higher diploma
About This Company
Kawader Manpower was established in Qatar in 2008 and is one of the fastest growing recruitment agencies with the purpose of catering the ever growing staffing needs by continuously implementing the latest technology trends in Qatar and the Gulf market.We are dedicated to provide your company with the most effective and efficient service by understanding your recruitment needs and matching them with the most competent candidates’ profiles.Our consultants specialize in the following fields: Administration, PA & Secretarial, Human resources, Sales & Marketing, Finance & Accounting, Hospitality, Legal, Oil& Gas, Construction & Engineering, MEP & Building services, Architecture & Interior design.
Date Posted: 2014/05/01 13:13:58
Ref. JB3046330
Similar Jobs
Confidential Company - ,
Recommended Courses
Invite Your
Friends to Bayt.com
Find Jobs
About Bayt.com
Bayt.com is the leading job site in the Gulf and Middle East, connecting job seekers with employers looking to hire.
Every day, thousands of new job vacancies are listed on the award-winning platform from the region's top employers.
Company
Quick Links
Follow
© 2000-2014 Bayt.com, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
-
Reproduction of material from any Bayt.com pages without written permission is strictly prohibited.