2D Character Animator - Flash Job in Dubai - Infamous Studios - Bayt.com
OK
Cancel
Loading...
Loading...
Jobs
Jobs
Salaries
People Companies Specialties
- All -
- All -Algeria (12)Bahrain (115)Dubai (1556)Egypt (497)Iraq (81)Jordan (391)Kuwait (740)Lebanon (250)Libya (16)Morocco (12)Oman (96)Pakistan (34)Qatar (1061)Saudi Arabia (2775)Sri Lanka (64)Tunisia (6)UAE (3584)Yemen (3)
Loading...
Menu - []
›
› Job Description
2D Character Animator - Flash
- ,
Date Posted: 2014/05/01 13:08:01
Ref. JB3046329
Job Description
We are a Dubai based 2D animation Studio actively seeking several highly creative and talented 2D Character animation artists to join our expanding team..
The artist will be working closely with a team of animators and storyboard artists and contributing in brainstorming ideas to better the oberall project.
We work for clients such as Microsoft, Johnson & Johnson, RTA, Etisalat, du, PayPal, Western Union, Emirates NBD, ENOC and many more
The ideal candidate will have some background in storyboarding and concept art.
Job Description
nfamous Web Design LLC is currently looking to add an experienced digital Storyboard Artist to our busy production team. We're working on multiple high profile projects, so this is a great opportunity. Infamous offers health benefits and room to move up the ranks. If you are an awesome storyboarder and want to jump onto the busiest team in Dubai contact us.
Experienced digital Storyboard Artist for busy animation production studio.
• Must have proven storyboard skill. Preferably on broadcast series.
• Must have strong understanding of digital storyboard software.
• Must have the ability to produce solid boards. Take direction and complete revisions in a timely manner.
• Must have good creative vision and the ability to convey that vision through your storyboard.
• Must be flexible, willing to learn and be a motivated and motivating team player.
• Able to work within a production schedule.
• Must have good interpersonal skills.
• Must be a UAE resident, preferably Arabic speaking
This position is an excellent opportunity for highly organized and motivated digital Storyboard Artist who enjoys being part of an exciting, fast paced animation studio.
Skills
REQUIRED
Excellent skills in Adobe Flash 2D Character Animation
Free Hand
Concept art
Storyboard skills
Preferred
Experience in Explainer Videos
Arabic Speaking
Experience in Adobe Aftereffects
This job is posted in the following Specialties:
Education
Degree in Animation or Arts
Job Details
Job Location:
Dubai, United Arab Emirates
Company Industry:
Arts/Entertainment/and Media; Advertising
Company Type:
Employer (Private Sector)
Job Role:
Art/Design/Creative
Joining Date:
2014-05-15
Employment Status:
Full time
Employment Type:
Employee
Monthly Salary Range:
Unspecified
Manages Others:
No
Number of Vacancies:
3
Preferred Candidate
Career Level:
Mid Career
Years of Experience:
Min: 3
Residence Location:
Dubai,United Arab Emirates
Gender:
Unspecified
Nationality:
Unspecified
Degree:
Bachelor's degree / higher diploma
About This Company
Passionate about what we doDue to websites such as YouTube and Vimeo, the Internet has undergone a video frenzy. Over 4 billion videos are watched on YouTube every day. By far, it has become the preferred media on the Web.We help our customers capitalize on the video phenomenon by producing engaging animated videos usually around two minutes or less in length that you use anywhere—on their Website, on YouTube or at trade shows—to help convert prospects into customers. We are a team of highly experienced animation storytellers who have created scores of videos for brands like du, PayPal, the Abu Dhabi Government, OSN and Emirates NBD—and we’re expanding our team.
Date Posted: 2014/05/01 13:08:01
Ref. JB3046329
Similar Jobs
Recommended Courses
Invite Your
Friends to Bayt.com
Find Jobs
About Bayt.com
Bayt.com is the leading job site in the Gulf and Middle East, connecting job seekers with employers looking to hire.
Every day, thousands of new job vacancies are listed on the award-winning platform from the region's top employers.
Company
Quick Links
Follow
© 2000-2014 Bayt.com, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
-
Reproduction of material from any Bayt.com pages without written permission is strictly prohibited.