Admin Officer Jobs in Pakistan, Talent hunters Pvt Ltd - Ref. 106077
Toggle navigation
Admin Officer Jobs in Pakistan
Admin Officer Job in Talent hunters Pvt Ltd, Pakistan
Category
Job Type
Shift Timings
Requires Traveling
No
Career Level
Entry Level
Number Of Vacancies
2
Required Qualification
bachalors
Required Experience
2 Years
Salary Per Month
15,000 - 20,000 PKR
Posted on
29/04/2014
Last Date
24/05/2014
Company
Location
,
Job Description
1.	Works with other units to coordinate and plan fund-raising, grants, marketing, communications, and outreach activities.2.	Independently carries out a portfolio of responsibilities under the department’s purview, such as managing committees, securing approvals, and providing communications.3.	Provide expert guidance and leadership to more junior staff.4.	Perform other related duties as required, e. g., reviews of adequacy of departmental space requirements and technology requirements.5.	Implement and monitor support services, including procurement of supplies and services; transport, travel and traffic, communications, engineering and information technology support; and provision of local utilities and service requirements.6.	And others on management information and general administration issues and practices.7.	Produce major/complex reports for management, as and when required.8.	Provide advice to senior management Works with management to create short- and long-term business plans, including operational, organization, and financial aspects.
Job Specification
9.	Oversees legal, safety, fiscal, and other compliance requirements.10.	Oversees facilities, technology, and materials utilized in the department, coordinating with appropriate services.11.	Works with management and others to develop and implement operating policies and procedures.12.	Manages operating budget and performs analysis and reporting to support decision-making.13.	Manages the ongoing financial, operational, and staffing activities of the department.
×
Warning!
Do not make any payment to any company, a genuine employer will never ask you to pay in any case. ()
Jobs by Category
Jobs by Type
Jobs by Shift
Jobs in Pakistan
Jobs in Middle East
Other Tools
Copyright © 2014
All Rights Reserved -
- A Project of
×
Members Logon