alJazeera Jobs - Project Manager - Design
Jobs in Qatar, Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, Oman, Bahrain, Dubai, Abu Dhabi by alJazeera Jobs
Select Language
English
Francais
Deutsch
عربي
Español
Português
Русский
Nederlands
Türkçe
اردو
Contact alJazeera Jobs Bahrain: (+973) 16199-113
Serving Arabian Gulf Job Seekers since 2007, alJazeera Jobs
is the established, trusted and leading provider of Jobs in
, , , ,
and .
Subscribe to our custom developed Candidate
Management Service to proactively place your details in Arabic
and English into the HR systems of the leading employers in
the Gulf. Jump to the head of the queue and get hired, sign-up
.
JOB SEARCH
I'm looking for...
In location
Select Country
Saudi Arabia
UAE
Kuwait
Qatar
Bahrain
Oman
other
ACCOUNT MANAGEMENT:
|
Project Manager - Design
01 May 2014 10:34 AM - Oman
.
Position Title: Project Manager - DesignReports To: Vice PresidentLocation: Dubai for 3 months then transferring to Oman permanently Hill International (Middle East) is a US based Project Management and Claims Consultancy firm with offices throughout the World. With over 4,000 employees in 100 offices worldwide, Hill provides program management, project management, construction management and construction claims and consulting services. Engineering News-Record magazine recently ranked Hill as the 8th largest construction management firm in the World.Hill International is seeking to employ a Project Manager- Design, with heavy construction experience, for one of its on-going projects.Qualifications * A degree Architecture or related Design* Post Graduate education such as a MSC or PHD is highly desired* Must have on site Project experience from initial design through to handover and completion.* Adequate work experience may be accepted in lieu of a degree.* 15 or more years' of working on Multi- Million Dollar projects within the Construction field. * Ability to think ahead, identify new opportunities and create new and innovative approaches to work related issues * Strong Management and communication.* Demonstrates a determination, desire to succeed and a wish to progress and develop within a commercial role.* Excellent working knowledge of Word, Excel and strong user skill level within MS Office or Primavera* Excellent numerical and communication skills RESPONSIBILITIES:* Communicate with the Client's representatives continuously regarding Project Progress and design on areasof concerns.* Participate in the planning and formulation of design alternatives and solutions for the construction project; provides conceptual estimates, feasibility studies, and cost estimates, and may coordinate the production of basic design plans and construction documents. * Develop and/or administer project budgets and fiscal controls, contracts, and quality control provisions; perform project cost estimating and value engineering, as appropriate. * Oversee all aspects of the day-to-day management of the construction project; monitor and coordinate work performed by architectural, engineering, and construction departments. * Review and interpret proposed designs, architectural drawings, and building specifications for appropriateness to required function and/or institutional standard, and initiates revisions where appropriate; advise consultants and clients as to how best to achieve required results. * Ensure that project operations are in compliance with design specifications and with client requirements. * Establish performance and delivery criteria, ensuring that client requirements are being met; prepare project specifications, and coordinates procurement, as appropriate. * Authorize the issuance of contracts, purchase orders, and change orders, and approves contractor invoices for payment. * Direct work sequencing to expedite project delivery and to minimize disruption of ongoing operations. * Inspects, approves, and accepts completed projects for the institution, ensuring conformance with institutional standards, building and life safety codes, and architectural/engineering specifications. * Represent the institution in business with customers, consultants, contractors, and other public and/or private agencies and organizations. * Researches and prepares various reports pertaining to operations, equipment, policies, procedures, and/or other issues, as appropriate.Person Specification, Skills, and Knowledge Job Knowledge - Possesses the technical/professional knowledge required to successfully perform job duties Interpersonal Skills - Adheres to Hill's Standard of ConductReliable, trustworthy and persistence Proficient in English, speaking, writing and listeningInitiative and creativity - Ability to work with minimal supervision and takes ownership of work and makes suggestions for improvement Possesses a flexible approach to workLeadership - Demonstrates the ability to lead and direct others in accomplishing work Ability to analyze and solve problemsPlanning and Organizing - Posseses the capability to Skills in organizing, prioritizing, and scheduling workflowJob Knowledge - Keen attention to detailHigh Quality of Work - Responsible attitudeHigh Productivity - Self-motivated and able to work as part of a teamJudgment - decisions are based on logical assumptions; reflect factual information and availabl (more...)
JS
Advertisement
|
|
|
|
|
All rights reserved - AlJazeeraJobs ® is a registered trade mark and unauthorised usage is strictly prohibited.
|
, , , , ,