District Sales Representative Job
Job Seekers
|
|
what:
where:
Ecolab
-
Karachi, Sindh
External Job Title District Sales Representative AutoReqId 36956BR Functional Area Sales & Service Sub-Function Sales City Karachi State/Province Not Applicable Country PK Employment Status - global req Full Time Job Description
Job Overview
Ensures order and revenue growth of Company products and services to assigned customer and prospect accounts by analyzing and meeting customer needs; developing and implementing sales plans; selling products and providing customer support in an assigned geographic territory
Candidate must be currently based in Pakistan.
Main Responsibilities
Achieves annual sales targets by working with the District Manager and senior district sales personnel to establish selling strategy and tactics. Obtains orders and establishes new accounts; plans and organizes daily work; calls on existing and potential sales customers. Analyzes customer needs, requirements, and strategic plans recommending solutions with Company programs. Keeps management informed through regular activity reports and communications.
Meets or exceeds the required minimum daily sales calls as set by the assigned group. May be accompanied by district management personnel.
Calls on customer facilities and observes and implements practical application of products. Services assigned accounts. Recommends changes in chemical dosages, flow rates, or equipment. Reports changes or problems to District Manager and then customer.
Begins to work with existing customers to seek new applications for existing products. With assistance from senior sales personnel and the District Manager, develops and executes account sales plans.
Upon attaining the required level of technical competency and sales skills, assumes both sales and service responsibilities within an assigned territory. Applies the Six Service Standards striving to improve their quality and document value provided to the customer. Under direct supervision, plans and carries out sales and service calls.
Maintains close contact with district management regarding account activity, customer needs, prices, competitor activity, and Nalco product acceptability.
Develops and maintains a sales pyramid and other required reports or documentation.
Demonstrates safe driving techniques and maintains company car and equipment in a neat and professional manner.
Supports and is committed to Nalco's Quality Improvement Process and the guiding principles of Responsible Care®, and its six Codes of Management Practice.
Qualifications
BA/BS in a science or technical specialty
Experience of selling watertreatment in Pakistan at Refineries or Fertilizer plants
Demonstrated ability and enthusiasm for selling
About Ecolab Every day, we make the world cleaner, safer and healthier – protecting people and vital resources. Ecolab is the global leader in water, hygiene and energy technologies and services. Around the world businesses in foodservice, food processing, hospitality, healthcare, industrial, and oil and gas markets choose Ecolab products and services to keep their environment clean and safe, operate efficiently and achieve sustainability goals. Our global workforce of over 44,000 employees is consistently delivering comprehensive solutions that meet the unique needs of our customers. MON_EU No Post LI_NLC J2W:LIEU CVL No Post JL No Post Business Unit - Posting Inventory Nalco MEA
Summary
Location:
Company:
Contract type: Permanent
Send to a friend
Your friend's email
Your full name
Your message
District Sales Representative Job
http://www.careerjet.co.uk/jobview/168dd620d71299e8306a8b631628f4e6.html?affid=7b2e27d9738a79f5
|
|
|
|
© 2014 Careerjet