GulfTalent.com
Learning & Development Manager – 5 Months Contract
Charterhouse
Dubai, UAE
Posted on: 1 May 2014
THE ROLE
Expand all
Charterhouse is working with one of the world’s largest professional services organizations. Our client is looking to hire a temporary Learning & Development Manager.
Your main responsibility will be the effective implementation of corporate L & D plans.
You will support the talent management process, scouting high potential talent and creating and facilitating new development programmes to meet organizational needs.
You will ensure that the delivery of learning and development is to a professional standard and map learning programs to individual development plans.
You will also assist with counseling and coaching programmes and control the budget management of regional L & D budgets.
REQUIREMENTS
The successful candidate should have:
•Extensive experience within the delivery of various learning and development programmes.
•You should be an experienced coach/mentor and have proven experience of developing and designing training programmes.
•You should also have a good understanding of e–learning practices alongside excellent English communication skills.
•It would be a distinct advantage if you are a Certified MBTI Assessor.
ABOUT THE COMPANY
During the last ten years, Charterhouse has been operating across Dubai, Abu Dhabi and the GCC Markets. In many ways, we were the recruiter who established and set the standards within the regional recruitment industry benchmarking and innovating the service levels associated to Search and Selection.
Charterhouse understands the dynamics attached to talent acquisition, relationship management and the required service levels within the regional industry. Our heritage is now our main strength as we continue to work within our core markets to deliver key account management and strong contingency recruitment practices to our clients and candidates.
Send
Candidates who applied for this job also applied for:
|
|