Dubai EID, GGO Finance Intern Job
Search by Keyword
Share this Job
Please enable JavaScript to subscribe.
Email
Please wait...
EID, GGO Finance Intern Job
GE
Date: May 1, 2014
Location: Dubai, United Arab Emirates
Job Number: 1958544
Business: GE Global Growth Organization
Business Segment: Global Growth Organization - MENAT
About Us: GE (NYSE: GE) works on things that matter. The best people and the best technologies taking on the toughest challenges. Finding solutions in energy, health and home, transportation and finance. Building, powering, moving and curing the world. Not just imagining. Doing. GE works. For more information, visit the company's website at www.ge.com
Posted Position Title: EID, GGO Finance Intern
Career Level: CI
Function: Finance
Function Segment: Leadership Programs
Location: United Arab Emirates
U.S. State, China or Canada Provinces:
City: Dubai
Postal Code:
Relocation Assistance: No
Role Summary/Purpose:
Essential Responsibilities: The GE Internship Program is an investment in young talents where GE trains students who meet the required criteria to perform their internship program in a corporate function. Program duration is 3 months; the program will develop the general skills of the intern with on the job knowledge and experience.
Qualifications/Requirements: -During the program GE will provide assignments, projects & tasks that is related to his major where he/she can develop his/her Leadership Capabilities, communication skills and introduce him to the work environment.-Student in Finance degree or similar-GPA above 3.0-Fluent in English and Arabic (essential)-High achiever
Additional Eligibility Qualifications:
Desired Characteristics: -Good leadership skills.
-Excellent communication skills.
-Good Interpersonal skills.
Job Segments: Intern, Financial, Entry Level, Finance
Find similar jobs:
,
,
,
,
We are an equal opportunity employer, offering a great work environment, challenging career opportunities, professional training and competitive compensation.