Private Funds Associate, 1-3PQE, Dubai
Private Funds Associate, 1-3PQE, Dubai
Location:  --Dubai
This global Funds team is ranked very highly by legal directories in the key markets where they operate and the Dubai Funds team, is widely recognised as one of the leading practices in the Middle East. The team has particular expertise in private equity funds, and has been at the forefront of advising on numerous innovative fund structures for infrastructure funds, fund of funds, secondaries, debt funds, private equity real estate funds, hedge funds and listed funds. The team advises fund managers and investors, including advising on a wide range of emerging market funds.
The firms Dubai office is looking for a junior to mid-level Associate with strong private funds experience to join the thriving and highly regarded team. A main focus of the role will be on fund formation, which will involve advice on fund structuring, preparing fund documentation, negotiating fund documentation with investors and co-ordinating fund closings.  In addition, the role is likely to involve research on local fund regulations, advice to investors considering fund investments, participation in client pitches and other business development activities.
The ideal candidate will be UK or US qualified with 1-3PQE. You will have excellent academics and relevant funds experience gained within a respected London City or US law firm. Recent experience in fund formation and acting for investors in funds is also desirable.
Experience living and working in the Middle East, fluency in Arabic and knowledge of GCC laws and regulations would be significant advantages, but are not a pre-requisite.
For further details, candidates fulfilling the above criteria are invited to send their CV in complete confidence to
Please check the job details, then fill in your details below and click "Submit now".* Indicates a required field.
Your Details
First Name *
Last Name *
Email *
Phone Number(s)Work: Home/Mobile/Cell:
Address
Please attach your CV/Résumé *
Existing CV
Please state whether you are currently eligible to work (work permit/visa/citizenship) in the country to which you are applying: *
Yes
No