General Maintenance Technician with Raffles Dubai | 10878550
Jobseekers
|
Jobseekers
General Maintenance Technician
Middle East > United Arab Emirates
Full job details
Recruiter
Raffles Dubai
Posted
01/05/2014 10:33:12
Ref
RDB00370
Location
Middle East > United Arab Emirates
Job Type
Engineering, Maintenance Engineer
Sector
Hotel
Job Level
Non-Management
General Maintenance Technician
Primary Location
:
United Arab Emirates-Dubai-Raffles Dubai
Employee Status
:
Regular
Raffles Hotels & Resorts is a collection of award-winning luxury hotels located in vibrant destinations around the world. Unique with its own distinct personality, each Raffles hotel distinguishes itself with the highest standards of product and service.
We offer excellent career development and growth opportunities for our colleagues who have the talent, dedication, drive and passion to be part of a leading global luxury hospitality brand.
Not only close to Dubai’s best-loved landmarks, Raffles Dubai is one of them! This stunning landmark hotel in a distinctive pyramid shape,
promises the exceptional standards of service inherent of the Raffles name enhanced by Arabian hospitality values.
The essence of the experience lies in its 252 opulent rooms and suites, the largest in the city, seven exquisite Food & Beverage outlets and the indulging Raffles Spa. A unique, one-hectare 'Raffles Botanical Garden', depicting the four 'Elements of Life' (Earth, Wind, Fire and Water) also promises to enchant all visitors
.
If you are looking for a dynamic environment for growth, please join us as :
General Maintenance Technician
· Reports to the Duty Engineer/ Shift Leader regarding daily work progress and work order completion.
· Carry out assignments on the ‘Preventive Maintenance Programme’
· Perform general maintenance to guestrooms and public areas.
· Assist Electrician, Carpenter, Plumber, Mason and Painter in all phases of repair work.
· Carries out all other tasks assigned to him by his supervisor.
· Assist other engineering personnel as instructed by supervisor in regards to preventive maintenance.
· Consistently offers professional, engaging and friendly service
· Must have the ability to multi-task.
· Ensure that all jobs undertaken are finished with a high quality and with the desired finish that is required
· Ensure that all materials required to perform the job are available before commencing work
· Follows all safety rules and regulations in job, departmental procedures and instructions.
· To observe cleanliness at the place of work and on the job after completion of work.
· To ensure cleanliness of appearance and uniform, particularly when working in guest areas.
Qualifications:
•  Luxury Hotels – Hospitals experience preferred.•  Good all round practical trade skills inclusive fabrication, installation and maintenance.•  Secondary School
Technical College or equal.•  Trade Certificates, City & Guild or equal.•  Preferable apprentice time service candidate.•  Age 25 , Smart, Tidy and Alert.•  Good Basic English
Job Level
:
Colleague
Schedule
:
Full-time
Shift
:
Rotating / Shift Work
Travel
:
No
Closing Date
:
Ongoing
Job Number:
RDB00370
Share this job
Catererglobal.com is a trademark of Totaljobs Group Ltd. © 2013 Copyright and database rights Totaljobs Group Ltd.Powered by .