Manager Quality and Compliance −
Dubai −
StepStone
Standort
Dubai
Anstellungsart
Feste Anstellung
Arbeitszeit
Vollzeit
Online seit
08.04.14
08-04-14
Loading...
Jobsuche
Was
(Jobtitel, Firmenname oder ID)
Wo
(Ort oder 5-stellige PLZ)
Suchen
weitere Jobs in
-
,
Manager Quality and Compliance
Manager Quality and ComplianceJob Reference: 140002UB
Job Purpose
As Manager Quality and Compliance, you will define and implement a quality management and compliance framework for dnata at a global business segment level which adheres to industry best practise and ensures regulatory compliance. This role is expected to convey the one dnata philosophy to ensure that dnata provides service standards in accordance with the expectations (and SLAs) of its airline customers and does so in accordance with optimal and consistent operating standards across each location / country that dnata operates.
Qualifications & Experience
Degree or Honours (12+3 or equivalent)
10+ years Senior Management experience with an international airline or ground handling organisation
Previous experience in a senior leadership role in quality & compliance
Passion for service excellence, results and change management.
Strong interpersonal and influencing skills
Excellent knowledge of all aspects of airport handling operations, as well as strong business acumen to oversee all aspects of each company's business.
An expert on quality management and systems
Salary & Benefits:
We offer an attractive tax-free salary, paid in Dirhams, the local currency of the UAE. Besides generous travel benefits normally associated with an airline, this managerial role also has excellent leave, health care packages, accommodation and more.
To Apply:
Please submit your application before 5th May 2014 23:59 GMT + 3 hours
About dnata
At dnata, our style of delighting customers is unique. That's why we attract the best people in the industry - people who can apply imagination to their work. We are growing quickly - and we are looking for people to join our global family of 20,000 employees. As the fourth largest combined air services provider, our services on the ground keep the world in the air. You'll find dnata in 38 countries offering customers our expertise in ground handling, cargo, travel, and flight catering.
We believe in the power of our people - and we're always on the look-out for potential stars to help us deliver the promises our customers make. Be a part of our success story
Bitte beziehen Sie sich bei Ihrer Bewerbung auf StepStone
Jobs per E-Mail
Schließen
Kostenlos passende Jobs per E-Mail Starten Sie Ihren Job Agenten
Ihre Suchkriterien:
Region/Land:
Asien
Berufsfeld:
Qualitätsmanagement
Sie möchten passende Jobs per E-Mail erhalten? Führen Sie eine Jobsuche aus und wählen Sie Ihre gewünschten Kriterien wie Berufsfeld oder Arbeitsort.
Geben Sie Ihre E-Mail-Adresse ein*
Bitte geben Sie eine gültige E-Mail-Adresse ein
Suche übernehmen ¹
* Sollten Sie noch nicht im Besitz eines StepStone Accounts sein, so wird dieser automatisch erstellt. Es gelten unsere
und . Sie können jederzeit der Zusendung von E-Mails zu ähnlichen StepStone Leistungen widersprechen und diese unter „Nutzerdaten“ in Ihrem Account deaktivieren, ohne dass Stepstone dafür Kosten geltend macht.
Vielen Dank für Ihre Registrierung für den kostenlosen Job Agent.
Ihre Suche wurde gespeichert und ein Job Agent erfolgreich erstellt.
Sie erhalten nun eine Bestätigungsmail an diese E-Mail Adresse:
Ihr Job Agent wird erst nach erfolgter Bestätigung aktiviert.
Sie können Ihren Job Agenten ganz einfach in unserem Kandidatenbereich bearbeiten. Die Login Daten werden Ihnen per E-Mail zugeschickt.
Über StepStone International
Jobsuche
Was
(Jobtitel, Firmenname oder ID)
Wo
(Ort oder 5-stellige PLZ)
Suchen
Über StepStone
Wählen Sie ein Land
Copyright © StepStone GmbH 1996 - 2014