Legal Jobs in Karachi and Top Legal Career Opportunities in Karachi | PakAds
Search jobs:
Job title, keywords or company name
City, Country (Optional)Bahrain, Kuwait, Oman, Pakistan, Qatar, Saudi Arabia, and UAE
Legal Jobs in Karachi
1 to 10 of 40 vacancies
Sort by:
| Relevance
Related Jobs:
, , ,
Thomson Reuters -
Karachi
decisions faster. We deliver this must-have insight to the financial and risk, legal, tax and accounting, intellectual property and science and media markets...
4 days ago
Acumen -
Karachi
aspects of businesses Familiarity and knowledge of investment related legal aspects A result-oriented, open and entrepreneurial work attitude Demonstrated...
30+ days ago
Emirates Airline (طيران الامارات) -
Karachi
employer-employee relationship and conducive to ongoing change. Identify legal requirements and government reporting regulations affecting Human Resources...
9 days ago
Al-Muqeet Recruitment -
Karachi
affairs - Ensure implementation & observation of labor laws and completion of legal formalities include maintaining of different books, report and return...
30+ days ago
Karachi
Master degree is preferred. At least five years of experience in the legal field mainly in attending hearings, preparing oppositions and counter oppositions...
8 days ago
Karachi
of preparing, initiating and handling a variety of legal proceedings including those related to corporate... and for engaging tem in legal proceedings. An...
1 day ago
Shaheen Research Group -
Karachi
Economics Finance/Accounting Computer Science/Information Technology Engineering Legal (Business/Corporate Law) Humanities Social Sciences Psychology Education...
21 days ago
United Nations Pakistan -
Karachi
of asylum seekers and refugees Assists in assessing welfare and providing legal assistance to the persons of concern to UNHCR; Follow-up protection issues with...
20 days ago
Administration -
Karachi
such as: MIS Release Order, MIS Supplies Computer Record. Coordinates with legal department on renewal of office & housing lease works. Handles petty cash for...
2 days ago
AIMVIZ -
Karachi
and benefits policies to establish competitive programs and ensure compliance with legal requirements. Training and Development: Analyze training needs for all...
11 days ago
Get email alerts for Legal Jobs in Karachi
Your alert has been setup.
You have already setup newsletter.
You can cancel email alerts at any time. We will not share your email address with anyone.
1
Share Options
Search jobs:
Job title, keywords or company name
City, State (Optional)
About PakAds
Jobs in Pakistan
Jobs in Middle East
For Users
Copyright PakAds.net © 2013
Powered:
by