Kitchen Steward with Raffles Dubai | 10878540
Jobseekers
|
Jobseekers
Kitchen Steward
Middle East > United Arab Emirates
Full job details
Recruiter
Raffles Dubai
Posted
01/05/2014 10:32:45
Ref
RDB00730
Location
Middle East > United Arab Emirates
Job Type
Food & Beverage, Food & Beverage Steward
Sector
Hotel
Job Level
Non-Management
Kitchen Steward
Primary Location
:
United Arab Emirates-Dubai-Raffles Dubai
Employee Status
:
Regular
Raffles Hotels & Resorts is a collection of award-winning luxury hotels located in vibrant destinations around the world. Unique with its own distinct personality, each Raffles hotel distinguishes itself with the highest standards of product and service.
We offer excellent career development and growth opportunities for our colleagues who have the talent, dedication, drive and passion to be part of a leading global luxury hospitality brand.
Not only close to Dubai’s best-loved landmarks, Raffles Dubai is one of them! This stunning landmark hotel in a distinctive pyramid shape,
promises the exceptional standards of service inherent of the Raffles name enhanced by Arabian hospitality values.
The essence of the experience lies in its 252 opulent rooms and suites, the largest in the city, seven exquisite Food & Beverage outlets and the indulging Raffles Spa. A unique, one-hectare 'Raffles Botanical Garden', depicting the four 'Elements of Life' (Earth, Wind, Fire and Water) also promises to enchant all visitors.
If you are looking for a dynamic environment for growth, please join us as :
STEWARD
DUTIES & RESPONSIBILITIES
To report for duty punctually wearing the correct uniform and name badges at all times
Perform duties as assigned by the Stewarding Supervisor, Asst. Chief Steward and the chief Steward
Perform general cleaning duties as assigned by the Stewarding Supervisor in accordance established standards of performance and schedules.
Ensure the safe, correct and economic use of Stewarding equipment that includes|:
Dishwashing Machine
Glass washing Machine
Pot Washing Machine
Floor Cleaning and Maintenance machines
Silver Burnishing Machine
Transportation Vehicles
Clean, wash, polish dishes and other operating equipment in any Food and beverage outlet according to the established hygiene and sanitation standards.
Clean, wash pots, pans and other kitchen utensils in accordance with the established hygiene and sanitation standards.
Count, sort and prepare operating equipment for Banquet functions.
Ensure that all operating and kitchen equipment/utensils are maintained to high standard with minimum breakage.
Ensure that all machineries and equipments are clean and sanitized according to the established hygiene and sanitation standard.
Carry out other duties and responsibilities as assigned.
Clean all service areas and back of the house areas as necessary or as directed by Stewarding Supervisor.
Keep all kitchen areas clean, neat, tidy and well organize at all times.
Remove food waste and garbage at periodic intervals or as necessary in accordance with the established sanitation standard.
Ensure that high standard of personal hygiene and grooming are strictly observed and followed.
To ensure that prescribed uniform are worn well pressed and in good state of repair, and ensure that name badges are worn at all times.
QUALIFICATIONS & REQUIREMENTS:
Reading, writing and oral proficiency in the English language
Job Level
:
Colleague
Schedule
:
Full-time
Shift
:
Rotating / Shift Work
Travel
:
No
Closing Date
:
Ongoing
Job Number:
RDB00730
Share this job
Catererglobal.com is a trademark of Totaljobs Group Ltd. © 2013 Copyright and database rights Totaljobs Group Ltd.Powered by .