Sous Chef with Radisson Blu Hotel Dubai Media City | 10878493
Jobseekers
|
Jobseekers
Sous Chef
Middle East > United Arab Emirates
Full job details
Recruiter
Radisson Blu Hotel Dubai Media City
Posted
01/05/2014 09:25:55
Ref
Location
Middle East > United Arab Emirates
Job Type
Chefs, Sous Chef
Sector
Hotel
Job Level
Non-Management
Radisson Blu Hotel, Dubai Media City, requires a professional, responsible, pro-active service oriented individuals who believe in keeping promises and delivering the same with an attitude of Yes I Can! and Z-factor for the position of Sous Chef  for our Kitchen Department.
Overview of role
To assist the Executive Chef in the supervision of kitchen production and ensures that the function provides the highest food quality consistent with cost control and profitability margins; hence maximize guest satisfaction and food profitability. All work is carried out in line with the hotel’s guidelines, the departmental business plan, and Radisson Blu corporate guidelines, and service concepts.
Duties and Responsibilities
• To assist the executive Sous Chef and participate in production to ensure Food Operations provide
the highest food quality
• Ensures the highest food quality appropriate to the market by assisting the Executive Chef in all
areas of kitchen operations
• Adheres to Radisson Blu standards of food quality, preparation, recipes, and presentation
• Ensures proper staffing and adequate supplies for all stations
• Supervises the proper set-up of each item on menus and insures their readiness
• Oversees the seasonings, portions, and appearance of food service in the operation
• Stores unused food properly to minimize waste and maximize quality
• Assists in budgetary and payroll expense control as required
• Works closely with Chefs to ensure correct preparation and delivery times are kept and food quality
is maintained
• Assures proper safety, hygiene, and sanitation practices are followed
• Assists Executive Sous Chef in checking and ordering fresh products and dry storage items
required by kitchen
• Encourages increased communication between kitchen production and service staff
• Ensures readiness and makes priorities in case of last minute changes to reservations
Person Specifications
• Education: High school diploma or GED; 4 years experience in the culinary, food and beverage, or
related professional area.
:  2-year degree from an accredited university in Culinary Arts, Hotel and Restaurant
Management, or related major; 2 years experience in the culinary, food and beverage,
or related professional area.
• Languages: Good Knowledge of English and any foreign language will be an added advantage
• Experience required: Minimum 3 years experience in a similar role in a 4 or 5 star hotel with
: HACCP knowledge/training is a must.
: Extensive knowledge on Traditional and Modern Culinary Trends is required
• Other qualification : A goal orientated team player with a Yes, I Can! Attitude.
: Self confidence, challenger and influential attitude.
: Committed to delivering a high level of customer service
: Excellent grooming standards
: Excellent planning and organising skills
: Approaches food in a creative way
'
Share this job
Catererglobal.com is a trademark of Totaljobs Group Ltd. © 2013 Copyright and database rights Totaljobs Group Ltd.Powered by .