Manager, Business Finance
Job Seekers
|
|
what:
where:
Standard Chartered Bank
-
Dubai
Job Description
The purpose of this role is to coordinate and deliver all central activities in Retail Clients Finance team that align with Regional and Global business needs and requirements. The key stakeholders will be senior management within Retail Clients.
Responsibility is to implement the Retail Clients strategy at a country level and contribute to the delivery of a professional, effective, responsive and joined-up finance service to the country. To serve as a business partner to the operating team to drive business initiatives, growth, business strategy and profitability.
Key Roles & Responsibilities
Key accountabilities include:
1) Providing insights for improved business decision making through regular and accurate financial analysis and reporting of business performance. 2) Drives profitable growth by providing analyses of results while advising the leadership team on risks and opportunities, as well as recommending actions 3) Ensure timely and accurate management and month end reporting and commentary 4) Optimize on Chennai FSSC utilization to improve productivity and reduce Cost 5) Coordinate between Retail Clients/Products team and other matrix stakeholders, e.g. Wealth Management, Private Banking, Support functions, to ensure alignment in forecast, budget and other major deliverables. 6) Play a lead role in all forecast, budget loading in line with group guidelines 7) Provide business support by coordinating all forecast, budget, performance reviews supported by well-articulated assumptions/variance analysis 8) Work with all direct support functions to deliver a robust cost budget, forecast 9) Support Head of SBA in deep-dives, performance analysis, country/regional/group reviews 10) Support Head of SBA in delivering 5-year strategy, ICAAP, Stress testing activities 11) Implementing effective financial control processes and framework in accordance with the requirement of Financial Control Policy. 12) Track and ensure that the headcounts are as per plan 13) Represent finance in projects such as system development and implementation, product launches, business development / due diligence etc. 14) Provide business commentaries on performance 15) Cost management and provide recommendations for cost saves 16) Work closely with Credit to follow and understand Month on Month any variance in PIP and IIP by product and by Vintage to make recommendation on potential drivers that might affect the LI line. Monitor delinquency, loss ratios, recovery rates and the potential impact on the loan impairment. 17) Support Head of SBA in formulation and execution of Retail Clients related communications to stakeholders including auditors, business partners, CEO, Regional Heads and other Senior Managers within the bank.
Qualifications & Skills
1) Sufficient relevant experience in a finance or accounting environment (banking experience a positive) 2) Relevant qualifications (degree or ACCA qualification) 3) Strong attention to detail 4) High level of numerical fluency 5) Ability to work under pressure while maintaining accuracy 6) Good stakeholder management 7) Comfortable with ambiguity and conflicting priorities/deadlines
Diversity & Inclusion
Standard Chartered is committed to diversity and inclusion. We believe that a work environment which embraces diversity will enable us to get the best out of the broadest spectrum of people to sustain strong business performance and competitive advantage. By building an inclusive culture, each employee can develop a sense of belonging, and have the opportunity to maximise their personal potential.
Summary
Location:
Company:
Contract type: Permanent
Send to a friend
Your friend's email
Your full name
Your message
Manager, Business Finance
http://www.careerjet.co.uk/jobview/568cbcd84e42f5864336754e9e14741e.html?affid=1b8a26c5ef5aa9b4c653af3f2c55b768
|
|
|
|
© 2014 Careerjet