Teppanyaki - Chef De Partie with Radisson Royal Hotel Dubai | 10878492
Jobseekers
|
Jobseekers
Teppanyaki - Chef De Partie
Middle East > United Arab Emirates
Full job details
Recruiter
Radisson Royal Hotel Dubai
Posted
01/05/2014 09:24:17
Ref
Location
Middle East > United Arab Emirates
Job Type
Chefs, Chef de Partie
Sector
Hotel
Job Level
Non-Management
As Chef de Partie, you serve as an integral component of the outlet function by supporting the Kitchen Team.
Chef de Partie will perform the following tasks to the highest standards:
1. Reports to the Outlet Chef.
2. Ensures the efficient operation of such food production in his/her areas he is put in charge of by the Outlet Chef.
3. Constantly analyzes cost and quality of food Production knows to manage within his set budget and adheres to time management accordingly.
4. Ensure safe, quality food products and complete guest satisfaction.
5. Responsible to maintain all standards set by the Outlet Chef establishes the manner and means to train personnel in his/her area of responsibility according to standard operating procedures.
6. Maintains the highest food quality and controls for all food products served in all areas, according to the needs and desire of the company.
7. Works within his monthly-set food cost budget, adjust food requisitions and controls Waste. He is instrumental in assuring the highest health, sanitation and safety. Standards necessary in food handling and overall galley cleanliness.
8. Establish a plan, time management agreement, to assure. Safe and constant food production according to daily needs of our guest’s and. Company expectations.
9. Guarantees that menus, recipes, methods, pictures and specifications given by. The Sous Chef/Outlet Chef is followed exactly.
10. Checks his/her kitchen buffets, action stations, and food displays for creativity, Quality, cleanliness and food safety, he assures timely set up, schedules well trained Cooks in all areas in proper uniform.
11. Checks and delegates all special food Functions, along with the Outlet Chef
12. Shares the overall responsibility of proper storing procedures, food orders, food Cost, equipment, sanitation & hygiene with the Demi Chef de Partie & Chief Steward & the entire stewarding team.
13. Constantly thrive to upgrade the food quality and presentation.
14. Prepare all food requisitions and make the proper adjustments to information given.
15. Control food waste and make sure unused food is returned to the storeroom on a Daily basis for credit.
Job Requirements:
1. Must have extensive experience and flair in the art of Teppanyaki.
2. Must display strong public relations skills and be at ease interacting with the guest.
3. Must be able and willing to train our junior chefs.
4. Must be able and willing to assist in other areas of the hot kitchen when not required for Teppanyaki duties.
5. Must have a strong understanding of the English language and be able to communicate with the customer.
6. Must have previous experience working on Teppanyaki tables in reputable establishments
7. Must be willing to work in a highest floor in the building
8. Minimum 3 years experience on the same or similar position in a luxury brand hotel chain
9. Good team player
10. Enthusiastic, courteous, helpful to colleagues & hotel guests
11. Can work well under pressure in a fast paced environment
12. Enjoy working with a multi-cultural team and hotel guests
13. Strong leadership ability
14. Good English communication skills
15. Candidate has the YES I CAN attitude!
Dynamic and highly motivated with leadership qualities
Communicate with all levels of hierarchy with ease
Your benefits will include
A competitive tax free starting salary and expatriates benefits as per UAE Law. You will be entitled to Radisson employee benefits.
You will find opportunities to develop and nurture your own learning and training skills with our unique ‘Business School’ learning approach.
We look forward to explaining in detail the range of excellent benefits that you would expect from a global hotel organization like Radisson Royal.
Please send your Updated CV with your recent photograph.
'
Share this job
Catererglobal.com is a trademark of Totaljobs Group Ltd. © 2013 Copyright and database rights Totaljobs Group Ltd.Powered by .