Bus Boy / Bus Girl - SOCIAL by Heinz Beck with Waldorf Astoria Dubai Palm Jumeirah
| 10878485
Jobseekers
|
Jobseekers
Bus Boy / Bus Girl - SOCIAL by Heinz Beck
Recruiter
Waldorf Astoria Dubai Palm Jumeirah
Posted
01 May 2014
Closes
29 May 2014
Ref
OPE01W2S
Location
Work Locations: Waldorf Astoria The Palm Palm Jumeirah Road Crecent East   Dubai Aa01
Job Type
,
Sector
Job Level
Further information
A Bus Boy / Bus Girl with Waldorf Astoria Hotels & Resorts is responsible to set and clears restaurant tables; stocks all service stations and assist food servers with table service to ensure total guest satisfaction.What will it be like to work for this Hilton Worldwide Brand?In exceptional destinations around the globe, Waldorf Astoria Hotels & Resorts reflect the culture and history of their extraordinary locations, as well as fresh, modern expressions of Waldorf Astoria's rich legacy. Waldorf Astoria provides guests the exceptional environment and the personalized attention of true Waldorf service that creates a singular experience.If you understand the value personalized attention and know how to treat even the most extraordinarily different experiences with the same rich level of customer service, you may be just the person we are looking for to work as a Team Member with Waldorf Astoria Hotels & Resorts. Because it’s with Waldorf Astoria Hotels & Resorts where we promise our Guests a single rich, experience at every extraordinary place they visit.What will I be doing? As a Busboy, you are responsible for performing the following tasks to the highest standards:
Quickly clear dirty table settings and prepare table for resetting. Promptly and consistently reset all service ware as prescribed.
Maintain stock and cleanliness of stations for all meal periods with necessary equipment including silverware, linen and condiments. Wipe down booths and chairs, move tables and chairs, and clean floors as necessary.
Serve guests with beverages, breads and butter to begin their dining experience and replenish as necessary. Assist server with food & beverage service to ensure guest satisfaction.
Transport all dirty tableware from dining room to dishwashing area for proper cleaning. Perform any general cleaning tasks using standard hotel cleaning products as assigned by supervisor to adhere to health standards.
Perform all assigned side work to include replenishing condiments and restocking side stations. Perform other duties as requested, such as cleaning unexpected spills, handling special guest requests, greeting and seating guests and ensuring guest satisfaction.
Attend required meetings. To report on duty punctually according to the duty roster and be mindful of personal appearance and grooming.
Must abide by all the rules and regulations of the hotel and of the outlet itself. Must maintain a high standard of service and strive to improve at all times.
Must co-ordinate and co-operate with waiter/waitress and manager at all times to ensure the smooth running of the outlet.
Waldorf Astoria Dubai Palm Jumeirah
In exceptional destinations around the globe, Waldorf Astoria™ Hotels & Resorts reflect the culture and history of their extraordinary locations, as well as the rich legacy of Waldorf Astoria
Share this job
Options
More jobs like this
Catererglobal.com is a trademark of Totaljobs Group Ltd. © 2013 Copyright and database rights Totaljobs Group Ltd.Powered by .