GulfTalent.com
Sales Manager – Exhibitions & Sponsorship
Charterhouse
Dubai, UAE
Posted on: 1 May 2014
THE ROLE
Expand all
Charterhouse is working with a premier B2B exhibitions company who have offices across the globe and are known for their market leading trade shows in a variety of industries. Our client is looking to hire a Sales Manager to join their exhibitions and sponsorship team.
As part of this role, you will acquire new business through conventional methods including face-to-face meetings selling exhibition space and sponsorship opportunities to industry related corporates. You will be engaged in developing business as well as networking. You will also be involved in internal communication with the events management and marketing teams.
REQUIREMENTS
Qualifications:
•The successful candidate should be Western educated and hold a Degree.
•Fresh graduates having a 2:1 or above Degree from a renowned Western university will also be considered for this role.
•You should ideally have a minimum of one years experience in a sales or a new business role in any industry. It is essential you are motivated, goal orientated and have exceptional influencing and customer service skills.
•An experience of working to targets and a formal sales training will be advantageous.
This is an excellent opportunity to join a recognized, leading and expanding events company in the UAE.
ABOUT THE COMPANY
During the last ten years, Charterhouse has been operating across Dubai, Abu Dhabi and the GCC Markets. In many ways, we were the recruiter who established and set the standards within the regional recruitment industry benchmarking and innovating the service levels associated to Search and Selection.
Charterhouse understands the dynamics attached to talent acquisition, relationship management and the required service levels within the regional industry. Our heritage is now our main strength as we continue to work within our core markets to deliver key account management and strong contingency recruitment practices to our clients and candidates.
Send
Candidates who applied for this job also applied for:
|
|