GulfTalent.com
Technical Service Manager
Kansai Paint Middle East
Dubai, UAE
Posted on: 1 May 2014
THE ROLE
Expand all
We are looking for a Technical Services Manager to support our UAE team in managing delivery of technical services, product development and customer service.
Job brief:
1. Review BOQ and advice Sales on recommended products and paint quantities
2.Prepare and maintain Technical Data Sheet and Method Statement of all the products
3.Handle customer complaints
5.Evaluate application control parameters of the developed products using all application equipment
6.Coordinate the approval process for the paint systems with major customers
7.Experience in field technical services for new product trial runs and the trouble shooting at the site.
8.Monitor the paint application process at customer site
REQUIREMENTS
1. 8-10 years of experience in technical services of Decorative, Protective & Industrial coatings (coil coatings)
2. Experience with product development within paining industry
3.Advanced knowledge of paint application methods in the Industry and testing procedures
4.The NACE accreditation is an added advantage
ABOUT THE COMPANY
Established in 1918 by Katsujiro Iwai, Kansai Paint Co., Ltd. has grown into Japan’s largest and most progressive manufacturer of Decorative, Automotive, Industrial, Protective and Marine Coatings. Today, the company enjoys a well-established position as one of the world’s top ten paint manufacturers.
Our mission is to contribute to society by providing eco-friendly and value-added coating materials and services tailored to customer specifications. Some of our paints and coatings products are known to instill the surfaces they coat with special functionality. These features, driven by
strong investment in research and innovation, are strongly acclaimed by our customers and have been earning Kansai Paint a reputation for exceptional reliability in a wide range of fields. In order to realize new innovations in coating materials, our management philosophy encourages employees to undertake new challenges and remain continuously engaged with our customers, so that collective wisdom and knowledge can enable the creation of new technologies, products and solutions.
With nearly 10,000 employees worldwide, and 41 operations across Asia, America, Europe and Africa, the various products provided by Kansai Paint and its Group companies are highly valued around the world. Our customers are based in Japan, Europe, the United States, Africa and Asian countries such as China, India and the Middle East, playing important roles in the protection and beautification of all types of products and merchandise.
Send
|
|