Internship - July - December 2014 with Rotana – Rose Rayhaan by Rotana, Dubai | 10878431
Jobseekers
|
Jobseekers
Internship - July - December 2014
Dubai, UAE
Full job details
Recruiter
Rotana – Rose Rayhaan by Rotana, Dubai
Posted
01/05/2014 06:52:19
Ref
JB3030093
Location
Dubai, UAE
Job Type
Graduate
Sector
Hotel
Job Level
Non-Management
Internship - July - December 2014 Rose Rayhaan by Rotana
We are currently seeking for passionate and dynamic Interns who pride themselves on their ability to deliver extraordinary levels of customer service and provide creative solutions to our guests.Rotana is committed to nurturing careers. Since its foundation it has offered the opportunity to many students of numerous schools and universities to accomplish their industrial training in one of our properties. The duration of your internship will be minimum 3 months and can last up to 6 months. Our training programmes are comprehensive and support the vision of the company,
whilst also being specifically tailored to the development needs of the individual trainee. We are offering internship opportunities within all our operational and administrative departments and divisions and you will benefit out of the following:• Complete a successful training period and gain exposure in a professional work environment• Contribute towards continuous improvement in customer service standards• Attend the ‘Hotel Life Program’ and ‘I’m Rotana’ and other programmes relevant to the position and as required• Complete Project Assignments and meet regularly on a monthly basis with the Learning & Development Department
Skills
Education,
Qualifications & ExperiencesYou should currently be studying in a Hotel Management School or University and have a strong passion for the Hospitality Sector. You must also have fluency in both written and spoken English and an immaculate personal presentation. Knowledge & CompetenciesThe ideal candidate will be results oriented,
self motivated and with a positive attitude. You have the ability to think laterally and have strong social skills and a presence,
enabling you to interact and deal with colleagues and guests effectively. You are easily approachable,
while possessing following additional competencies: Understanding the JobTaking ResponsibilityRecognizing DifferencesCustomer FocusAdaptabilityTeamwork
Catererglobal.com is a trademark of Totaljobs Group Ltd. © 2013 Copyright and database rights Totaljobs Group Ltd.Powered by .