alJazeera Jobs - Executive Chef - PF Changs - UAE
Jobs in Qatar, Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, Oman, Bahrain, Dubai, Abu Dhabi by alJazeera Jobs
Select Language
English
Francais
Deutsch
عربي
Español
Português
Русский
Nederlands
Türkçe
اردو
Contact alJazeera Jobs Bahrain: (+973) 16199-113
Serving Arabian Gulf Job Seekers since 2007, alJazeera Jobs
is the established, trusted and leading provider of Jobs in
, , , ,
and .
Subscribe to our custom developed Candidate
Management Service to proactively place your details in Arabic
and English into the HR systems of the leading employers in
the Gulf. Jump to the head of the queue and get hired, sign-up
.
JOB SEARCH
I'm looking for...
In location
Select Country
Saudi Arabia
UAE
Kuwait
Qatar
Bahrain
Oman
other
ACCOUNT MANAGEMENT:
|
Executive Chef - PF Changs - UAE
01 May 2014 02:39 AM - UAE
Executive Chef - PF Changs - UAEApply now Job no: 686134Location: Dubai The Beach P.F. Chang's P.F. Chang's, an American restaurant chain serving American-Chinese cuisine, is committed to providing you with an exceptional dining experience every time you walk through our doors. Each dish on the menu is prepared using the freshest and highest quality ingredients and the dining experience is stylish, upbeat and comfortable. Joining PF Changs means becoming part of, and adding value to, a team that is committed to doing everything possible to providing an optimal dining experience for our guests. The Role: The Executive Chef is responsible for maximising the productivity of the kitchen staff, as well as managing the Sous Chef and Chef de Partie. You will also be responsible for ensuring all culinary standards in all sections comply with company policies and procedures.Qualifications & Requirements: You will have/be:·   At least 5 years' experience in a high-volume, fast-paced restaurant ·   People management skills·   New concept opening experience·   Training and development skills·   SOP implementation experience·   Excellent co (more...)
ASY
Advertisement
|
|
|
|
|
All rights reserved - AlJazeeraJobs ® is a registered trade mark and unauthorised usage is strictly prohibited.
|
, , , , ,