alJazeera Jobs - Sales Associate-Pottery Barn
Jobs in Qatar, Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, Oman, Bahrain, Dubai, Abu Dhabi by alJazeera Jobs
Select Language
English
Francais
Deutsch
عربي
Español
Português
Русский
Nederlands
Türkçe
اردو
Contact alJazeera Jobs Bahrain: (+973) 16199-113
Serving Arabian Gulf Job Seekers since 2007, alJazeera Jobs
is the established, trusted and leading provider of Jobs in
, , , ,
and .
Subscribe to our custom developed Candidate
Management Service to proactively place your details in Arabic
and English into the HR systems of the leading employers in
the Gulf. Jump to the head of the queue and get hired, sign-up
.
JOB SEARCH
I'm looking for...
In location
Select Country
Saudi Arabia
UAE
Kuwait
Qatar
Bahrain
Oman
other
ACCOUNT MANAGEMENT:
|
Sales Associate-Pottery Barn
01 May 2014 02:39 AM - UAE
Sales Associate-Pottery BarnApply now Job no: 693282Location: Dubai The Dubai Mall Pottery Barn Known for its casual, comfortable and stylish home furnishings, Pottery Barn draws inspiration from time-honored designs from around the world to create seasonal collections unique to its stores. Through our world-class service and product offering we strive to deliver exceptional comfort, quality and value to our customers every day. Our product range includes indoor and outdoor furniture, bedding, bath, rugs, window treatments, tabletop, decorative accessories and lighting. The Role: As a Sales Associate you will work as an individual and as part of a team to provide customers with a complete service and an enjoyable shopping experience in order to maximise sales. You will also ensure that the brand is represented at the required standards, you have up-to-date product knowledge and that stock loss risks are minimised.You will have/be:• A passion for customer service• Basic IT skills• Able to carry out manual dutie (more...)
ASY
Advertisement
|
|
|
|
|
All rights reserved - AlJazeeraJobs ® is a registered trade mark and unauthorised usage is strictly prohibited.
|
, , , , ,