Stakeholder and Communications Specialist - Doha, Qatar Job in Doha - CH2M - Bayt.com
OK
Cancel
Loading...
Loading...
Jobs
Jobs
Salaries
People Companies Specialties
- All -
- All -Algeria (12)Bahrain (115)Dubai (1556)Egypt (497)Iraq (81)Jordan (391)Kuwait (740)Lebanon (250)Libya (16)Morocco (12)Oman (96)Pakistan (34)Qatar (1061)Saudi Arabia (2775)Sri Lanka (64)Tunisia (6)UAE (3584)Yemen (3)
Loading...
Menu - []
›
› Job Description
Stakeholder and Communications Specialist - Doha, Qatar
- ,
Gold Career Provider
This employer achieved a Gold Career Provider status based on their record of hiring on Bayt.com.
Date Posted: 2014/05/01 02:02:18
Ref. JB3046129
Job Description
Why CH2M HILL
For decades, CH2M HILL has been a global leader in engineering, consulting, design, program management, construction and operations, working on the most challenging and impactful projects around the world. Through these challenging projects, we develop our people — who transform complex and creative ideas into reality, every day. Join us and together we can work to build a sustainable world. We support you to reach your greatest career goals through continued professional development, a positive work life balance and undeniably cool engineering projects. Join employee-owned CH2M HILL and discover why our diverse team has been consistently ranked as one of the leading employers and repeatedly recognized as a best place to work in the U.S.
Description and Desired Qualifications
CH2M HILL Stakeholder and Communications Specialist - Doha, Qatar
Qatar will be hosting the 2022 FIFA World Cup™ and become the first Middle East nation in history to stage this event. The associated construction programme will be part of a major country regeneration programme including the development of required infrastructure, competition and noncompetitive venues.
CH2M HILL is the programme management (PMC) responsible for the construction management of competition venues, training sites, associated common domain precincts and the coordination of the regeneration programme integration works, acting on behalf of the client Supreme Committee for Delivery & Legacy.
Responsibilities
Lead successful community relations and stakeholder programs
Resolution of non-technical risk issues to achieve economic, social and environmental bottom line goals for CH2M Hill and Client in regions where they operate or intend to operate
Solve complex business development problems for resource development projects and companies
Disseminate information and communicate ideas to both internal and external audiences through diverse medium (e.g., regional newsletters, presentations, talking points, speeches, letters, fact sheets, brochures, press releases, etc.) on both a routine and ad hoc basis
Manage overall branding program and reputational programs. Manage the regional community affairs programs (e.g., internal and external special event management, community awareness activities, charitable event program management and oversight, volunteer coordination, development and management of regional budgets in support of community relations)
Act as principle contact for media relations, field requests and spokesperson.
Manage key vendor relationships and deliverables (e.g., ad agency)
Negotiations with government entities and communities
Knowledge/Skills/Abilities
Applied knowledge of media production, communications and dissemination techniques and methods
Excellent written and verbal communication as well as presentation skills, Arabic and English would be advantageous
Applied knowledge of business and management principles involved in strategy planning, resource allocation, leadership techniques
Proven ability, on own initiative, work independently to achieve accomplishments
Ability to drive performance in others to accomplish goals Proven ability to effectively collaborate with internal team, cross-functional team, and external parties
Highly proficient in the following software programs: (Word, /Excel/PowerPoint) Ability to stay focused, efficient, and effective in managing multiple priorities
Strong interpersonal skills and good judgment
Ability to communicate effectively with all levels of employees and outside contacts
Ability to provide after hour and flexible support a must
Basic Qualifications
Qualifications/Experience
Bachelor's degree in marketing, communications, journalism, public relations, media relations or relevant field
5+ years Public Relations/Communications experience within a corporate environment
Ability to perform a high level of communication in both Arabic and Engli
Skills
Job Details
Job Location:
Doha, Qatar
Company Industry:
Advertising
Company Type:
Employer (Private Sector)
Job Role:
Other
Joining Date:
Unspecified
Employment Status:
Full time
Employment Type:
Unspecified
Monthly Salary Range:
Unspecified
Manages Others:
No
Number of Vacancies:
1
Preferred Candidate
Career Level:
Mid Career
Years of Experience:
Unspecified
Residence Location:
Unspecified
Gender:
Unspecified
Nationality:
Unspecified
Degree:
Unspecified
About This Company
For decades, CH2M HILL has been a global leader in global leader in engineering, consulting, design, program management, construction and operations, working on the most challenging and impactful projects around the world.
Through these challenging projects, we develop our people — who transform complex and creative ideas into reality, every day.
Join us and together we can work to build a sustainable world.
We support you to reach your greatest career goals through continued professional development, a positive work life balance and undeniably cool engineering projects.
Join employee-owned CH2M HILL and discover why our diverse team has been consistently ranked as one of the leading employers and repeatedly recognized by FORTUNE magazine as one of the “100 Best Companies to Work For”.At CH2M HILL, the greatest challenges provide the biggest rewards. Each day, your drive and creative ideas will be providing solutions that help build a better tomorrow. Whether it is the pride that comes with accomplishment, personal growth or making a difference in the world, you will discover true success in a career that brings out the best in you at CH2M HILL. Ready? Let’s get to work.Developing People through Challenging ProjectsCH2M HILL is an Equal Opportunity Employer.
Date Posted: 2014/05/01 02:02:18
Ref. JB3046129
Similar Jobs
Recommended Courses
Invite Your
Friends to Bayt.com
Find Jobs
About Bayt.com
Bayt.com is the leading job site in the Gulf and Middle East, connecting job seekers with employers looking to hire.
Every day, thousands of new job vacancies are listed on the award-winning platform from the region's top employers.
Company
Quick Links
Follow
© 2000-2014 Bayt.com, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
-
Reproduction of material from any Bayt.com pages without written permission is strictly prohibited.