Pharmacy Systems Trainer Job in Abu Dhabi - Penta Consulting - Bayt.com
OK
Cancel
Loading...
Loading...
Jobs
Jobs
Salaries
People Companies Specialties
- All -
- All -Algeria (12)Bahrain (115)Dubai (1556)Egypt (497)Iraq (81)Jordan (391)Kuwait (740)Lebanon (250)Libya (16)Morocco (12)Oman (96)Pakistan (34)Qatar (1061)Saudi Arabia (2775)Sri Lanka (64)Tunisia (6)UAE (3584)Yemen (3)
Loading...
Menu - []
›
› Job Description
Pharmacy Systems Trainer
- ,
Date Posted: 2014/04/30 18:00:23
Ref. JB3045945
Job Description
One of the worlds leading System Integrators is looking for a Pharmacy System Trainer to work in Abu Dhabi on a 7 month extendable contract. You will be responsible for development, and delivery of training materials and training environments for the Epic Willow Inpatient/Ambulatory application, and will be expected to demonstrate mastery of Epic software, mastery of Carefusion products, mastery of adult learning principles, and knowledge of best practices for developing and delivering instructor-led courses. You will need to be Certified in Epic Willow Inpatient/Ambulatory, have proven ability to produce training curriculum for Epic Willow Inpatient/Ambulatory, also prior experience designing and delivering Pyxis and Pharmogistics training. You will need 7+ years training delivery experience in a healthcare context, information systems, or certification as a technical trainer. As well as experience developing applied technology training curriculum in a health care, clinic or hospital environment. Please APPLY NOW with your current CV. This is an URGENT requirement. The client will conduct INTERVIEWS IMMEDIATELY for suitable candidates. All relevant applications will receive my INSTANT ATTENTION. For further information contact Simon Boxall on +44 208 254 7462 or simonboxall@pentaconsulting.com
Penta Consulting is a global staffing solutions business providing innovative and flexible recruitment strategies for clients and the very best permanent, interim and contract career opportunities for candidates across IT & Telecoms. Ranked 8 in the 2013 Sunday Times Top 100 Companies to Work For awards, Penta holds a Queen's Award for Enterprise among other high profile business and quality awards. Visit www.pentaconsulting.com for more information. Penta Consulting is acting as an Employment Business in relation to this vacancy.
Skills
Epic Certified
Pharmacy Systems Trainer
7 years exp in training
Job Details
Job Location:
Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates
Company Industry:
Information Technology
Company Type:
Employer (Private Sector)
Job Role:
Technology/IT
Joining Date:
Unspecified
Employment Status:
Full time
Employment Type:
Contractor
Monthly Salary Range:
Unspecified
Manages Others:
No
Number of Vacancies:
1
Preferred Candidate
Career Level:
Management
Years of Experience:
Unspecified
Residence Location:
Unspecified
Gender:
Unspecified
Nationality:
Unspecified
Degree:
Unspecified
About This Company
Multi-award winning Penta Consulting is one of the most successful ICT recruitment companies operating in over 85 countries across the world. Established eleven years ago Penta is a leading international technical staffing company, so whether you are looking for a contract or permanent position, or you are a senior executive our highly trained recruiters will work with you to find the opportunity you are looking for.
We are a professional and innovative organisation that operates to the very highest standards and our ambition to be the best in our field has won us a number of high profile business and industry awards. Our strategy of remaining focused on our core ICT business has resulted in unrivalled expertise and competency in this arena. We offer an exceptional personal service and a high level of contractor care.
In 2011 we have won Best International Recruitment Firm and were shortlisted for Best IT Recruitment Firm in the 2011 Recruiter Awards for Excellence.
We have been listed by the Sunday Times as the 14th Best Small Companies to Work For and we have a three star outstanding status from Best Companies.
Date Posted: 2014/04/30 18:00:23
Ref. JB3045945
Recommended Courses
Invite Your
Friends to Bayt.com
Find Jobs
About Bayt.com
Bayt.com is the leading job site in the Gulf and Middle East, connecting job seekers with employers looking to hire.
Every day, thousands of new job vacancies are listed on the award-winning platform from the region's top employers.
Company
Quick Links
Follow
© 2000-2014 Bayt.com, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
-
Reproduction of material from any Bayt.com pages without written permission is strictly prohibited.