Vice President International Airport Operations Commercial
with dnata | 1401390259
Jobseekers
|
Recruiters
Vice President International Airport Operations Commercial
Recruiter
dnata
Posted
27 April 2014
Closes
25 May 2014
Ref
140002TX
Location
Located in Dynamic Dubai
Sector
, ,
Contract Type
Hours
Salary
Attractive Tax Free Salary
(this will open in a new window)
Further information
Job Purpose
•As Vice President International Airport Operations Commercial, you will be responsible for creating, directing and overseeing the execution of the sales strategy for dnata’s global passenger & cargo handling business.  This includes creating a strategy to maximise synergies between the Dubai & International Handling divisions, as well as synergising with Travel divisions.
•You will create and maintain a global contract calendar for Passenger and Cargo handling businesses and support Commercial VP’s and CEO’s/heads of handling and/or Catering to devise commercial negotiation strategies. This includes the provision of reliable and accurate contract information, financial analysis with respect to providing a single view of the customer (airline) to all stakeholders.
•You will work closely with the Heads of Commercial and CEO’s to ensure customer engagement and negotiations are geared to fulfil dnata’s profit aspirations, revenue growth and market share achievement.
Qualifications & Experience
•Graduate level education
•12+ years' experience in a large multi-national organisation heading the sales or commercial function
•Extensive experience at Director level of all aspects of commercial negotiations in a service industry preferably in airline, passenger, and cargo handling
•The Ideal candidate would also have operational experience in managing a major Handling operation and have commercial acumen and experience
•As this is a senior management position, you must have the ability to lead a critical function and have strong influence and negotiation skills
To Apply:
Please submit your application before 5th May 2014 23:59 GMT + 3 hours
Salary & Benefits:
We offer an attractive tax-free salary, paid in Dirhams, the local currency of the UAE. Besides generous travel benefits normally associated with an airline, this managerial role also has excellent leave, health care packages, accommodation and more.
About dnata
At dnata, our style of delighting customers is unique. That's why we attract the best people in the industry - people who can apply imagination to their work. We are growing quickly - and we are looking for people to join our global family of 20,000 employees. As the fourth largest combined air services provider, our services on the ground keep the world in the air. You'll find dnata in 38 countries offering customers our expertise in ground handling, cargo, travel, and flight catering.
We believe in the power of our people - and we're always on the look-out for potential stars to help us deliver the promises our customers make. Be a part of our success story
(this will open in a new window)
dnata
We are growing quickly – and we are looking for people to join our global family of 20,000 employees. As the fourth largest combined air services provider, our services on the ground keep the world in the air.
Share this job
Options
More jobs like this
Standard site |
© 2008 - 2014 Reed Business Information. Powered by Madgex .
Cookies on the Flightglobal Jobs website
Our website uses cookies, which are small text files that are widely used in order to make websites work more effectively. To continue using our website and consent to the use of cookies, click away from this box or click 'Close'.