Divisional Senior Vice President - Catering
Job Seekers
|
|
what:
where:
dnata
-
Dubai
Job Purpose
As Divisional Senior Vice President - Catering and a dnata executive team member, you will play a pivotal role in taking the catering division forward. You will be responsible for the overall achievement of strategic development and business results, identifying and executing opportunities to further develop dnata's international catering operations, defining and delivering the long term business strategy for dnata and fulfilling dnata's mission to be the world's most admired air services company.
Qualifications & Experience
This position requires graduate level education {(Degree or Honours (12+3 or equivalent)} and desirably a business qualification, plus extensive business experience at CEO level of managing a customer service business in a multi-country environment. Preferably, this would include experience of the catering industry
15 years of experience at a senior management level (including five years at CEO or Board level) in a large catering organisation or a similar customer service industry and a proven track record of managing overall business profitability and delivering profit improvement.
Ideally, the job holder will have excellent knowledge of all aspects of airline catering operations, as well as strong business acumen to lead and oversee all aspects of each company's business. Must have a good understanding of all business disciplines including people management, finance, marketing, sales and IT.
Salary & Benefits: We offer an attractive tax-free salary, paid in Dirhams, the local currency of the UAE. Besides generous travel benefits normally associated with an airline,this managerial role also has excellent leave, health care packages, accommodation and more.
To Apply: Please submit your application before 7th May 2014 23:59 GMT + 3 hours
About dnata
At dnata, our style of delighting customers is unique. That's why we attract the best people in the industry - people who can apply imagination to their work. We are growing quickly - and we are looking for people to join our global family of 20,000 employees. As the fourth largest combined air services provider, our services on the ground keep the world in the air. You'll find dnata in 38 countries offering customers our expertise in ground handling, cargo, travel, and flight catering.
We believe in the power of our people - and we're always on the look-out for potential stars to help us deliver the promises our customers make. Be a part of our success story
(this will open in a new window)
Summary
Location:
Company:
Contract type: Permanent
Send to a friend
Your friend's email
Your full name
Your message
Divisional Senior Vice President - Catering
http://www.careerjet.co.uk/jobview/d0eb80bedae83c9f23d4ce2c25e645af.html?affid=1b8a26c5ef5aa9b4c653af3f2c55b768
|
|
|
|
© 2014 Careerjet