Divisional Vice President - Mergers & Acquisitions
Job Seekers
|
|
what:
where:
dnata
-
Dubai
Job Purpose
As the Divisional Vice President - Mergers & Acquisitions, working closely with the President dnata and Associated Companies and business segment heads you will be responsible for executing the Mergers & Acquisition programme for dnata at a global level, covering Passenger & Cargo Handling and Catering and any other opportunistic business streams division to ensure that dnata continues to grow its position in the industry and achieve its Vision, Mission and Values.
Qualifications & Experience
This position requires graduate level education {(Degree or Honours (12+3 or equivalent)} and desirably an Accounting qualification.
Along with commercial astuteness and good Financial and Business in-depth knowledge, you will have 12 years or more experience of working in a multi-cultural expatriate environment, including leading at least 10 mid-size (US$100-500m) M&A; transaction deals on either Buy or Sell side, preferably on the Buy side with either an investment bank, accountancy firm or legal firm.
You must have experience in Corporate Stakeholder Management, proven expertise in quantitative analysis, large and small deal experience and managing contracts with third party data providers.
You must also have a good track record of successfully winning acquisition and partnership deals, and of closing investment opportunities and business proposals.
Salary & Benefits: We offer an attractive tax-free salary, paid in Dirhams, the local currency of the UAE. Besides generous travel benefits normally associated with an airline,this managerial role also has excellent leave, health care packages, accommodation and more.
To Apply: Please submit your application before 6th May 2014 23:59 GMT + 3 hours
About dnata
At dnata, our style of delighting customers is unique. That's why we attract the best people in the industry - people who can apply imagination to their work. We are growing quickly - and we are looking for people to join our global family of 20,000 employees. As the fourth largest combined air services provider, our services on the ground keep the world in the air. You'll find dnata in 38 countries offering customers our expertise in ground handling, cargo, travel, and flight catering.
We believe in the power of our people - and we're always on the look-out for potential stars to help us deliver the promises our customers make. Be a part of our success story
(this will open in a new window)
Summary
Location:
Company:
Contract type: Permanent
Send to a friend
Your friend's email
Your full name
Your message
Divisional Vice President - Mergers & Acquisitions
http://www.careerjet.co.uk/jobview/ad45d665293e8320a22b28b075595d66.html?affid=1b8a26c5ef5aa9b4c653af3f2c55b768
|
|
|
|
© 2014 Careerjet