Recovery Officer - PSPPL job - Standard Chartered Bank - Karachi | Indeed.com.pk
What:
Where:
job title, keywords or company
city or province
Recovery Officer - PSPPL
Standard Chartered Bank
-
Karachi
Collect Payments from written off & delinquent accounts in accordance with the policies and strategies of the unit.
Maintain information about the product and systems in the portfolio and be able to handle queries about conditions of loan servicing, repayments and penalties.
Maintain a complete updated list of daily and monthly targets.
Update all activities in CACS/CACS on a daily basis. This would include,
Activity Code (Call, Visit, Contact, Promise, No Contact)
Classification Codes (Non Workable, Un-worked, Work in Progress, Litigation)
Customers Financial Situation
Reasons for non payment
Willingness to pay
Ability to pay
Updated contact information
Maintain a detailed daily field visit sheet for record purposes.
Key Roles & Responsibilities
Provide feedback to line managers and senior managers about performance as well as market conditions and any developments that may change the market trends or customer behavior.
Maintain an updated personal calendar of leaves, training sessions and meetings.
Maintain strict adherence to SCBPL policies and procedures at all times.
Quality assurance / System updation
Qualifications & Skills
Minimum Bachelors Degree
How To Apply
You can search and view current opportunities across our organisation and apply immediately by visiting www.standardchartered.com and selecting Careers. To help speed up your application, please note the following:
- You will need to log in (or register if you are visiting our careers site for the first time) before you can apply for a specific role
- Some roles may require you to undertake an online talent assessment in addition to completing the application form (to facilitate this process it is preferable that you provide us with an email address as part of your contact information)
- We will ask you about your education, career history and skills and experience, it may be helpful to have this information at hand when completing your application
It usually takes 15 - 20 minutes to complete the application form; you can save your application at any time and return to complete it at your convenience.
Closing Dates
The closing date for applications is 08/07/2014. Please note all closing dates are given in Hong Kong time (GMT + 8 hours). We aim to respond to successful applicants within four weeks and will keep a record or your application in our database so that we can contact you when suitable vacancies arise in future.
Diversity & Inclusion
Standard Chartered is committed to diversity and inclusion. We believe that a work environment which embraces diversity will enable us to get the best out of the broadest spectrum of people to sustain strong business performance and competitive advantage. By building an inclusive culture, each employee can develop a sense of belonging, and have the opportunity to maximise their personal potential.
Standard Chartered Bank
- 5 days ago
-
save job
-
»
About this company
318 reviews
Standard Chartered PLC is listed on both the London Stock Exchange and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange and is consistently ranked in the top 25...
For jobs in the United States, please visit
-
-
-
©2014 Indeed -