Job - Relationship Manager, Priority Banking - Dubai - 12852279 | TweetMyJobs
Follow Us
LanguageEnglish
Español
Relationship Manager, Priority Banking - Dubai Job Listing at Standard Chartered in Dubai
(Job ID 429603-437)
Standard Chartered
Location: Dubai
Application deadline: None
Type: Full time
Career Level: Not specified
Salary Range: Not specified
Number of Jobs: 1
Relocation Available: No
for Standard Chartered
Email this job:
Description
Job Description 4. JOB PURPOSE • Acquiring, growing and deepening Priority Banking customer relationships through effective relationship management, • Focus on the analysis and satisfaction of Priority Customers' financial as well as investment needs and objectives. • Provide the face of the Bank to the high net worth customers of the Bank. • Products involved are: IS/BA/FX, NTB A/c, Liability products and any new launches. . Key Roles & Responsibilities 5. KEY RESPONSIBILITIES Acquisition & Sales Management : • Generate new business to achieve defined targets in terms of no. of customers, volumes and revenue. • Achieve the Targets set in terms of product mix, active/ passive ratio, liability targets, no. of transactions. • Induction of all (NTB) new customers brought in by the Branches & Direct Sales team. • Achieve "best in class" productivity in order to maximize the efficacy of the sales process. • Achieve the budgeted cross sell targets, consistency and penetration. • Aggressive Sales call plans to acquire large prospective customers through referrals. • Ensure coverage of customer base in accordance with the approved contact plans. • Update & maintain all Sales MIS (Calls, Prospects, Attritions, Business Done, etc.) • Maintain and update customer information on C Manager. Accurate and timely generation of reports. • Activation of dormant accounts. • Constantly updated product and process knowledge by successfully attending Tests/ Quizzes/ Certifications. Customer Relationship Building : • Build and deepen relationships with existing Priority Customers to achieve increase in share of wallet and revenues. • Effectively meeting customer expectations and handling/ reduction of customer complaints. • Provide professional customer service to achieve a high percentage of customer satisfaction and retention. • Manage the portfolio to de-risk against attrition and achieve stability of book. • Have complete knowledge of the customer base in terms of the profile, demographics & psychographics and assets in the Bank and in other places. • Serve as the one-point contact to the High Net Worth customers of the Bank. Compliance & Risk : • Ensure KYC/AML updates, proper zero error documentation. • Updating the C - Manager, adhering to the Contact Management Plan. • Ensure full awareness of all policies and procedures issued in relation to money laundering prevention and KYC. • Ensure compliance with the above policies on an ongoing basis and reported any suspicious transaction immediately to the supervising officer. • Ensure full awareness of all policies relating to operational risk, sales processes, anti-misselling, etc and comply with the same. • Read, understand and comply with all provisions of the Group Code of Conduct. 6. KEY RELATIONSHIPS
CONTACTS PURPOSE
Internal : • Product Manager - Priority Banking • Customer Service Manager - WM • Unit Heads - Treasury • Branch Managers • Marketing Manager - WM • Country Money Laundering Prevention Officer • Launch and implementation of product campaigns • Product services to the customers • Implementation of sales strategies. • Coordinate marketing and research activities
External : • Existing and Prospective Customers • Acquisition and retention of business. Qualifications & Skills • A University Graduate (Preferable) • Min 3+ years of relevant experience in relationship management. • Should be able to speak fluent English and Arabic. • Should have good knowledge of SCB Consumer Banking Products. • Should have basic PC skills (word processing and spreadsheet). • Should have a good knowledge of local banking regulations including KYC requirements. • Should comply with Group "Code of Conduct". How To Apply Everything that matters to you in your career and in life, matters to us. Join us as a Relationship Manager and we'll support you to get where you want to go, and to be more of the person you aspire to be. You can search and view current opportunities across our organisation and apply immediately by registering or logging in to our careers website www.standardchartered.com/bemore. To help speed up your application, please note the following: - You will need to log in (or register if you are visiting our careers site for the first time) before you can apply for a specific role - Some roles may require you to undertake an online talent assessment in addition to completing the application form (to facilitate this process it is preferable that you provide us with an email address as part of your contact information) - We will ask you about your education, career history and skills and experience, it may be helpful to have this information at hand when completing your application It usually takes 15 - 20 minutes to complete the application form; you can save your application at any time and return to complete it at your convenience. Closing Dates The closing date for applications is 13/05/2014. Please note all closing dates are given in Hong Kong time (GMT + 8 hours). We aim to respond to successful applicants within four weeks and will keep a record or your application in our database so that we can contact you when suitable vacancies arise in future. Diversity & Inclusion Standard Chartered is committed to diversity and inclusion. We believe that a work environment which embraces diversity will enable us to get the best out of the broadest spectrum of people to sustain strong business performance and competitive advantage. By building an inclusive culture, each employee can develop a sense of belonging, and have the opportunity to maximise their personal potential.
Get alerts for jobs like this:
Please complete at least one of the following fields
Any Industry
Accounting/Auditing
Administrative/Clerical
Advertising
Aerospace & Defense
Agriculture/Forestry
Apparel/Textiles
Architecture
Arts
Automotive
Banking
Biotechnology
Business Development/Sales
Computers & Information Technology
Construction
Consulting
Consumer Goods
Customer Service
Design
Distribution
Education
Electronics
Energy/Utilities
Engineering
Entertainment
Environmental/Green
Equipment
Events
Fashion
Film
Finance
Food & Beverage
Government
Healthcare
Hospitality
Hotel
Human resources
Import-Export
Insurance
Internet
Law/Legal Services
Management
Manufacturing
Marketing
Media
Medical
Military
Mining
Museum
Music
Nonprofit
Other
Pharmaceutical
Printing/Publishing
Public relations
Radio
Real Estate/Property Management
Recreation
Restaurant
Retail
Science/Research
Security
Skilled Labor/Trades
Social Services
Software Development
Sports
Staffing/Employment
Storage
Technology
Telecommunications
Television
Transportation
Travel/tourism
Veterinary
Wholesale
Zoo
Email
Mobile
Twitter
Get jobs like this tweeted to you:
View similar jobs:
Standard Chartered - Sharjah, United Arab Emirates
Standard Chartered - Dubai, United Arab Emirates
Standard Chartered - Dubai, United Arab Emirates
Locate this job:
|    |    |    |    |    |    |    |  TweetMyJobs® is a service provided by © 2014 CareerArc Group LLC. All rights reserved. Patent Pending.