Maintenance job at Orion International - C-17 and F-16 Maintenance
Orion International is currently seeking F-16 and C-17 maintenance Professionals in all areas of Maintenance for positions in Dubai/ Abu Dhabi, UAE.
5-Level, 7-Level and 9 level O-Level, I-Level and Depot Level technicians in the following:
Avionics, Powerplants, Crew Chief, APG, Structures
Loading, please wait...
JOB SEEKERS
Search aviation jobs!
Get online today.
It's FREE.
Maintain and apply for aviation jobs.
Popular Jobs
Company Information
Company / Job Detail Information as selected:
Position Maintenance / C-17 and F-16 Maintenance
Position Type:
Permanent
Company:
Orion International
Fax Number:
()
Address:
CaryNorth Carolina27518USA
Web Address:
Company Info:
For over two decades, Orion International has been the premiere Military Veteran recruitment partner to companies worldwide. With strong roots in the Aerospace Industry, Orion’s Aviation Recruitment Team is well versed in identifying Aviation Professionals, Technicians, Engineers, and Support Staff.
Supported Manufacturers:
More Jobs:
Job Information
Job Title:
C-17 and F-16 Maintenance
Location:
South Carolina International
Salary Range:
80000-110000
Job Desc:
Orion International is currently seeking F-16 and C-17 maintenance Professionals in all areas of Maintenance for positions in Dubai/ Abu Dhabi, UAE.
5-Level, 7-Level and 9 level O-Level, I-Level and Depot Level technicians in the following:
Avionics, Powerplants, Crew Chief, APG, Structures, Cor/ Paint, Electrical, Environmental, Hydraulics, Pnedraulics, Machinist, Tool Room, Life Support, Phase Maintenance, Tool Room, Wash Rack
Requirements:
- Must have worked on the F-16 within the past 3-4 Years
- US Citizen
- Ability to get a passport
- Able to conduct a face to face interview in either of the following locations in May: Miami, FL; Las Vegas, NV; Phoenix, AZ; Columbia SC
- Boots on the Ground in Aug/ Sep- Documented Training that lists the F-16 platform (I.E. DD214, Military Training records, 623 Training Jacket, CFETP, etc
Travel:
Relocation:
Yes
Job Ident #:
Benefits:
Excellent benefits package including flights, healthcare, housing, and repatriation.
Thank you for your interest...
Company:
Job Title:
There are two ways to apply for this job:
Apply as a Guest
Email Address:
*Invalid Email
OR
Login and Apply
Login:
Password:
Please note by applying to this job you are agreeing to the Terms and Conditions for the JSfirm website.
Thank you for your interest...
Company:
Orion International
Job Title:
C-17 and F-16 Maintenance
There are two ways to apply for this job:
Apply as a Guest
OR
Login and Apply
Login:
Password:
Please note by applying to this job you are agreeing to the Terms and Conditions for the JSfirm website.
EMPLOYERS
receive great response!
1000's of aviation resumes available.
update jobs, view applicants, search
aviation jobs.
to aviation employers.
send a message. JSfirm will call!
Resumes
JSfirm, LLC
Fort Worth, TX
All rights reserved. ©2001-2014 JSfirm