Staff for New Chain Restaurant in Dubai at Salad Works in Dubai | GNcareers.com
FIND YOUR DREAM JOB
Accounting
Architecture & Design
Arts & Entertainment
Auto Industry
Aviation
Banking & Finance
Beauty, Health & Fitness
Biotechnology & Science
Customer Service
Domestic
Driving
Engineering & Construction
Government & Emiratisation
HR
Hospitality
IT
Insurance
Legal
Logistics
Managerial
Manufacturing & Production
Marketing & PR
Media
Medical
Miscellaneous
Oil & Gas
Purchasing & Procurement
Real Estate & Property Services
Retail & Wholesale
Sales & Business Development
Secretarial
Teaching
Technical & Skilled
Travel
This site requires javascript to be enabled.
[New User? ]
»
Staff for New Chain Restaurant in Dubai
Salad Works
Location:
Dubai
Date: 30-04-2014
Payrate: 2,000 To 6,000 Monthly (AED)
Salary Details:
Sales Commision
Over Time
Job Type: Contract
Job Status: Full Time
Categories:
Customer Service
Hospitality
Retail & Wholesale
Sales & Business Development
Salad Works
Please see Job Details for Apply instructions
Saved!
Job Details
WE LOOKING FOR FEMALES ONLY.
We looking for staff to work in a new chain restaurant which will be opening in Dubai. The restaurant is number one healthy meal in the world and has over 300 stores in USA.
The job will be easy and challenging and the candidate will have a training and understand the work method.
This is our first store, however by end of the year we will have more branches.
Below is the JOB DESCRIPTION:
Completing hot and cold food preparation assignment accurately, neatly, and in a timely fashion
Following recipes accurately and maintaining food preparation processes such as marinating, seasoning, and grilling meats; chopping herbs; dicing, cutting, and slicing vegetables
Preparing food throughout the day as needed, anticipating and reacting to customer volume
Maintaining appropriate portion control and consistently monitoring food levels on the line
Maintaining proper food handling, safety, and sanitation standards while preparing food
Providing a friendly, quality customer experience.
Working toward understanding and articulating Food With Integrity
Requirements
Must be Female
Speaks and Write English flaunt
Computer Knowledge is plus point.
Has experience in restaurant. food service stores and kitchens.
Have the ability to develop positive working relationships with all restaurant personnel and work as part of a team by helping others as needed or requested
Have the ability to speak clearly and listen attentively to guests and other employees
Have the ability to maintain a professional appearance at all times and display a positive and enthusiastic approach to all assignments
Be able to exhibit a cheerful and helpful attitude, and provide exceptional customer service
Be able to adapt to changing customer volume levels with a sense of urgency
Have the ability to demonstrate a complete understanding of the menu
Be able to follow instructions for recipes and sanitation guidelines
Have the ability to be cross-trained in all areas of the kitchen and line
Have the ability to communicate in the primary language(s) of the work location
Have a high school diploma
Please see Job Details for Apply instructions
View Similar Jobs:
View More Jobs in Dubai:
FEATURED JOBS
Company
Career Centre
This Site
© Copyright 2014 Al Nisr Publishing LLC - powered by Gulf News
|
|
|
|