GulfTalent.com
Channel Sales Executive
Triage International
Abu Dhabi, UAE
Posted on: 30 Apr 2014
THE ROLE
Expand all
Accountabilities:
1.	Generates sales to achieve maximum profitability against annual sales targets
2.	Identify and exploit new sales opportunities with existing and potential customers
3.	Monitor customer accounts within the allocated sales area to ensure that sales potential is fully exploited.
4.	Establish and maintain effective communication links with other department or customer to identify all sales opportunities
5.	Maintain accurate records of all sales activity and prepare regular forecasts to enable effective forward planning
6.	Monitor feedback from customer to measure their satisfaction level with company products and services
7.	Maintain an awareness of sales and other developments amongst competitors and pass any relevant information to immediate superior
8.	Maintain all required records of sales and other relevant information to enable performance be measured and monitored
9.	Maintain a solid relationship with key customers, suppliers (raw and finish goods) and other relevant bodies to ensure that the company’s maximum sales potential is realized
10.	Ensuring the satisfaction of customers by monitoring service level agreements (SLA’s), customer complaints, inquiries and any other related customer issues
11.	Bring consultative approach to sales by using knowledge of product trends and opportunities to develop manufacturing strategies tailored to client’s needs
REQUIREMENTS
Competencies & Skills:
•	Solid sales experience
•	Impressive record of achieving targets
•	Thorough knowledge of company products
•	Thorough knowledge and experience of marketing and sales
•	Ability to influence peers, clients and supplier
•	Strong analytical skills and keen attention to detail
•	Excellent communication skills – presentation, reporting, etc.
•	Excellent sales and interpersonal skills
•	Result/task oriented person
•	Good planning and organizing skills
Professional experience Required
-	Minimum 5 years relevant sales experience preferably in plastic or pipes and fittings environment or industry exposures
-	Minimum 2-3 years in supervisory/managerial role.
ABOUT THE COMPANY
Triage International was born from a very selective group of individuals from the Talent Management & Executive Search industry looking for one common goal, to be the best in what we do. Triage International is set up to cover all areas of Technology, Engineering, Manufacturing, Insurance, Finance, Shipping, and Retail related Industries.
In a business where quality attracts quality and results can be all that matter, Triage International becomes your partner of choice and your external ambassador, striving to give you a personalised solution in tune with your goals and ambitions.
Send
Candidates who applied for this job also applied for:
|
|