SOCIAL MEDIA MANAGER Job in Jeddah - Bayt.com
OK
Cancel
Loading...
Loading...
Jobs
Jobs
Salaries
People Companies Specialties
- All -
- All -Algeria (12)Bahrain (115)Dubai (1556)Egypt (497)Iraq (81)Jordan (391)Kuwait (740)Lebanon (250)Libya (16)Morocco (12)Oman (96)Pakistan (34)Qatar (1061)Saudi Arabia (2775)Sri Lanka (64)Tunisia (6)UAE (3584)Yemen (3)
Loading...
Menu - []
›
› Job Description
SOCIAL MEDIA MANAGER
Confidential Company - ,
Date Posted: 2014/04/30 16:11:25
Ref. JB3045930
Job Description
Job Specification
The Social Media Manager will create, implement and develop Social Media Strategies, developing brand awareness, generating inbound traffic and encouraging product adoption. This role coordinates with the internal Marketing and PR teams to support their respective missions, ensuring consistency in voice and cultivating a social media referral network.
Responsibilities
• Creating and Implementing the social media strategy, coordinating with stakeholders across the Company to ensure its effectiveness and encouraging adoption of relevant social media techniques into the corporate culture and into all of the company’s products and services
• Manage social media campaigns and day-to-day activites. Duties include online advocacy, writing editorial, community-outreach efforts, promotions, etc.
• Manage presence in social networking sites including Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, Instagram, Foursquare, Pinterest and other similar online networks
• Become an advocate in social media spaces, engaging in dialogues and answering questions where appropriate
• Monitor effective benchmarks for measuring the impact of social media programs, and analyze, review, and report on effectiveness of campaigns in an effort to maximize results
• Regularly feedback insights gained from social media monitoring into the Marketing and Editorial teams, to help them evolve their strategies in a timely fashion
• Monitor trends in social media tools, trends and applications
Skills
• Strong project management and organizational skills
• In-depth knowledge and understanding of social media platforms and their respective participants (Facebook, Instagram, Youtube, Twitter, Flickr etc.) and how they can be deployed in different scenarios
• Strong knowledge of WordPress, and other CMS programs
• Strong knowledge of Hotsuite
• Knowledge of Google Adwords and AdSense
• Ability to effectively communicate information and ideas in written and verbal format, and build and maintain relationships
• Team player, with the confidence to take the lead and guide other departments when necessary
• Good technical understanding and can pick up new tools quickly
• Have a good knowledge of principles of SEO
• Public relations, Marketing, Sales
• Minimum 2 years of Community Management experience
• Knowledge of Photoshop
• Base: Jeddah or Dubai
• Excellent English and Arabic (written and spoken) it is mandatory.
Job Details
Job Location:
Jeddah , Saudi Arabia
Company Industry:
Healthcare, other; Arts/Entertainment/and Media; Internet/E-commerce
Company Type:
Employer (Private Sector)
Job Role:
Marketing/PR
Joining Date:
Unspecified
Employment Status:
Unspecified
Employment Type:
Unspecified
Monthly Salary Range:
Unspecified
Manages Others:
No
Number of Vacancies:
1
Preferred Candidate
Career Level:
Mid Career
Years of Experience:
Min: 2
Residence Location:
Dubai,United Arab Emirates ;
Jeddah ,Saudi Arabia
Gender:
Unspecified
Degree:
Certification / diploma
Date Posted: 2014/04/30 16:11:25
Ref. JB3045930
Similar Jobs
Recommended Courses
Invite Your
Friends to Bayt.com
Find Jobs
About Bayt.com
Bayt.com is the leading job site in the Gulf and Middle East, connecting job seekers with employers looking to hire.
Every day, thousands of new job vacancies are listed on the award-winning platform from the region's top employers.
Company
Quick Links
Follow
© 2000-2014 Bayt.com, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
-
Reproduction of material from any Bayt.com pages without written permission is strictly prohibited.