One Third of Micro Business Owners Rely on Second Jobs
May
6, 2014
Trending:
One Third of Microbusiness Owners Rely on Second Jobs
Apr 29, 2014
by
In
0
Shares
|
0
Shares
If you own a microbusiness, defined as a business employing five or fewer people, you occupy a very important part of the economy. Yet chances are, at least early on, you aren’t able to make a full time living at it. If not, you’re not alone.
Nearly one third (33 percent), of microbusiness owners depend upon another job as their main source of income, a recent . This is especially the case early on, the survey suggests.
The reason for dependence on outside employment obviously has to do with the levels of revenue many of these businesses bring in, especially during the early years of their operation.
For example, the majority of microbusinesses (62 percent) bring in $100,000 or less, the survey indicates. In the first year of operation, almost half (48 percent) brought in $10,000 or less. No wonder owners need a second job in the early days to keep the electricity on and pay the rent.
But while these microbusinesses may be quite small and their revenues quite modest, the survey also suggests their owners make up a majority of U.S. entrepreneurs, making them an important force in the economy.
In fact, as a group, they make up approximately 81 percent of all U.S. business owners. Over time, the percentage of these businesses with revenues adequate to become the main source of their owners’ incomes increases.
For example, only 26 percent of microsbusiness owners depend on outside jobs for their main income after operating their business for more than 11 years. Only 19 percent depend on outside employment after operating their businesses more than 20 years.
The survey also does not separately track the number of microbusinesses that grew to larger small businesses over time, so these are likely being left out of the equation.
Finally, the poll numbers suggest microbusiness owners who rely on their businesses for the majority of their income worry more about the cost of taxes, complying with regulations and even hiring the right employees.
The survey was conducted by interviewing 868 U.S. microbusiness owners over 18 years of age between Feb. 18 and March 2, 2014.
Photo via Shutterstock
2014-04-29
Sponsored Content
Shawn Hessinger is the Editor for Small Business Trends. He is a journalist and social media networker with more than a decade of experience in the traditional newspaper business before moving to the digital world. He was the former community manager of BizSugar and the former community editor at AllAnalytics, a site dedicated to professionals in the business intelligence and analytics community.
Editor's Picks
2 Reactions
I perfectly understand why someone running a microbiz would need to facilitate their income with a second job. It’s hard enough managing when it’s a business of one, but when you’re employing a few other people, well a second job is likely to be on the cards.
Although a third have to do this, it’s encouraging to see that two-thirds are able to avoid a second job altogether.
More important to note might be how many more job seekers would be competing in the market if not for the amazing population of microbusiness owners. Micros create the most net jobs – non-employers included as they create their own.
StartUP!
Leave a Reply
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Name *
Email *
Website
Comment
You may use these HTML tags and attributes:
<a href="" title=""> <abbr title=""> <acronym title=""> <b> <blockquote cite=""> <cite> <code> <del datetime=""> <em> <i> <q cite=""> <strike> <strong>
Notify me of followup comments via e-mail
Daily Tips
What's Happening
Small Business News Releases
May 6, 2014
May 5, 2014
We get our news releases from PRNewswire and would love to see you take advantage of its wide distribution network of 1000+ sites, including Small Business Trends, plus the Associated Press. To prove it we'll give you 15% off.
Subscribe
Submit
About Small Business Trends
Founded in 2003, Small Business Trends is an award-winning online publication for small business owners, entrepreneurs and the people who interact with them. It is one of the most popular independent small business publications on the web.
Together with hundreds of expert contributors, Small Business Trends brings you the news, advice and resources you need. "Small business success... delivered daily."
Contact
About
Our Other Sites
© Copyright 2003 - 2014, Small Business Trends LLC. All rights reserved.
"Small Business Trends" is a registered trademark.
Close
Submit