Book Keeping & Accounting Apprentice job - Language Direct Translations - London E10 | Indeed.co.uk
What:
Where:
job title, keywords or company
city or postcode
Book Keeping & Accounting Apprentice
Language Direct Translations
-
London E10
This job posting is no longer available on National Apprenticeship Service.
Find similar jobs:
-
Few examples of tasks which the apprentice will be involved in would include:
 Creating and updating various entries under Chart of Accounts
 Keeping information up to date on our Computerized Accounting Systems including Quick Books
 Making and receiving payments via internet banking. We have UK and overseas bank accounts and hence the candidate will be working across different currencies.
 Invoicing customers
 Maintain PAYE records based on hours worked payroll summary, Bonuses, Commissions
 Pay / reclaim from the PAYE due to be paid to HMRC
 Making payments to HMRC for National insurance, Tax , VAT etc on time
 Preliminary preparation and liaise with Chartered Accountants with regards to preparing Company accounts
(e.g. VAT, Taxation , Annual Returns , Gift Aid etc)
 Prepare periodic management reports for directors e.g Expenditure, Profit , Income , Dividends
 Reconcile bank accounts
 Liaise with external accounts payable for chasing payments, Chartered Accountants
Language Direct Unlimited Ltd has a subdivision by the name Teknik Brothers,
www.InternationalSourcingServices.com , where we supply plastics bags to the UK market and also
carry out international sourcing of Engineering goods for overseas customers. We currently have customers
in Seychelles, Dubai, Saudi Arabia etc.
Here the Accounting apprentice will help us with but not necessarily limited to the following:
 Analyze and qualify incoming enquiries
 Research suitable suppliers within United Kingdom, but occasionally in the USA and send enquiries
 Communicating with existing suppliers and sourcing new suppliers as needed
 Create spread sheets so as to compare , analyze and select best suppliers
 Prepare and forward quotations to overseas customer, in collaboration with the Sales Department
The apprentice will also be involved with accounting matters of a charity run by the Directors and other
professionals. Hasu Trust sponsor and help needy students, hospitals and schools.
The apprentice will gain valuable experience from other business ventures carried out by the Company /
Directors.
The candidate will have an opportunity to work on QuickBooks, Sugar CRM , Zoho CRM.
Work with Directors and liaising with our Chartered Accountants over all matters, and in the process benefit
from our vast collective knowledge and experience.
The apprentice will be involved with day to day running as well as in developing our business and activities.
Key Details
Vacancy Title
Book Keeping & Accounting Apprentice
Employer
Language Direct Translations
Employer Description
We are a translation services provider www.LanguageDirect.org
Language Direct provides Interpreting and Translation Services in over 189 languages to an extensive list of Government Bodies, Councils, Businesses , professional organisations and individuals.
Language Direct provide certified official translations of all documents such as Marriage Certificates, Birth Certificates, Passports, Naturalization Certificates, Degree Certificates etc. in over 189 languages in various subjects such as community, Legal,Financial,Technical,Medical.
Language Direct Unlimited Limited has a subdivision by the name Teknik Brothers, www.InternationalSourcingServices.com , where we sell plastics bags to the UK market and also carry out
international sourcing for overseas customers.
We currently have customers in Seychelles, Dubai, Saudi Arabia etc. Company
Web Site
http://www.LanguageDirect.org
Vacancy Location
90 Matlock Road
London
London
E10 6DJ
Working Week
40.00 hours a week Monday to Friday
Number of Vacancies
1
Vacancy Reference Number
VAC000422993
Key Dates
Closing Date For Applications
24/05/2014
Interview Begin From
28/05/2014
Possible Start Date
02/06/2014
Training
Training to be Provided
As an Accountancy Apprentice with Kaplan, you will complete the AAT qualification, of which we deliver Level 2 (Certificate) Level 3 (Diploma) Level 4 (Diploma). The completion of the AAT qualification will be completed at a Kaplan Training centre or via the Live Online learning platform.
Apprenticeships will include the NVQ, Technical Certificate, Functional Skills (if required) and Employment Rights and Responsibilities
Learning Provider
Kaplan
Learning Provider Description
Kaplan is a leading global provider of diverse education and training. Course offerings include professional Accountancy Qualifications, Vocational courses and a full range of Apprenticeships in Accountancy, Business & Administration, Customer Service Team Leading and Management.
Accountancy (AAT Apprenticeship)
Kaplan offers two flexible ways to carry out an Accountancy Apprenticeship, which can be fully or partly funded via the apprenticeship scheme:
1. Classroom - Study AAT in the Classroom at one of Kaplan’s 27 centrally located training centres across the UK. With evening, day release and weekend courses there’s a wide range of times to suit any schedule.
2. Live Online – The NEW way to study AAT. The only 100% live classroom experience. Live Online delivers the classroom experience direct to you, wherever you’re most comfortable learning.
Kaplan offer Apprenticeships, Advanced Apprenticeships and Higher Apprenticeships for Accountancy across all of England.
Business & Administration, Customer Service Team Leading and Management Apprenticeships
Kaplan delivers these work based learning programmes across all of England. Our dedicated assessors ensure that the programmes are designed to suit the learning needs of the individual, in line with the development needs of the organisation, making it a relevant and worthwhile learning experience. On successful completion, progression to a more advanced level or other qualifications is also available.
Kaplan offer Apprenticeships and Advanced Apprenticeships for Business & Administration, Customer Service, Team Leading and Management across all of England.
Benefits of completing Apprenticeships with Kaplan
Access to Apprenticeship funding to enable you to train for FREE*
Expert tutors and assessors dedicated to ensuring your success
Excellent pass rates and achievement rates
Dedicated support teams to help at every stage of your studies
For more information regarding the Apprenticeships we offer, visit our website www.kaplanapprenticeships.co.uk
Contact Details
Contact our expert team on 0845 873 6315 / steponup@kaplan.co.uk
Vacancy Type
Higher Apprenticeship
Apprenticeship Framework
Accounting (FSP)
This Learning Provider has achieved a sector success rate of 81% for this type of apprenticeship training.
link" >
This success rate relates to the formal Overall measure that learning provider organisations are measured against. The success rate calculates the proportion of Apprenticeship frameworks that are successfully completed against the number that are enrolled upon.
This success rate relates to the formal Overall measure that learning provider organisations are measured against. The success rate calculates the proportion of Apprenticeship frameworks that are successfully completed against the number that are enrolled upon.
Expected Duration
Minimum 12 months
link" >
This gives you an indication of the amount of time your training will last.
This gives you an indication of the amount of time your training will last.
Skills Required
Word , Excel, ability and willingness to learn various apps and data bases we use. Experience of Quick Books preferred. Organised and able to multitask
Qualifications Required
5 GCSE's A - C & Completed AAT Level 2 or equivalent
Personal Qualities
Outgoing and well spoken a must. The job involves liaising with suppliers, coworkers and customers over the phone and hence willing to be on the phone
Important Other Information
Please do not apply directly to the company
Applicants with a degree or level 4 qualification will not be eligible to apply for this apprenticeship position.
PLEASE APPLY USING THE ONLINE APPLICATION FORM ONLY
From the 1st October 2013 a National Minimum Wage (NMW) for apprentices has been introduced for young people aged 16-18 and those aged over 19 in the first year of their Apprenticeship. The new rate is per hour. The new NMW applies to time working plus time spent training as this is also part of the Apprenticeship. Anyone not covered by the age category above will be entitled to the NMW appropriate to their age.
Future Prospects
link" >
Job prospects after completing this apprenticeship.
Job prospects after completing this apprenticeship.
Possibility of taken in as a permanent member of staff
Reality Check
link" >
For example the role may involve being on your feet for long hours or working outside.
For example the role may involve being on your feet for long hours or working outside.
All applicants will be expected to:
Confirm their ability to travel to and from this place of work
Confirm their understanding of the AAT Accountancy apprenticeship scheme
Have a passion to study the AAT qualification and a good understanding of the accountancy profession
Research the company before applying for this vacancy
Understand the job role and long term career opportunities
PLEASE DO NOT APPLY IF YOU DO NOT MEET THE QUALIFICATION REQUIREMENTS.
National Apprenticeship Service
- 6 days ago
-
save job
-
»
Recommended Jobs
Dasuni Ltd -
London W7
National Apprenticeship Service - 7 days ago
Latif & Co Chartered Accountants -
Stevenage SG1
National Apprenticeship Service - 4 days ago
Tax Assist -
Stevenage SG1
National Apprenticeship Service - 6 days ago
For jobs in the United States, please visit
-
-
-
-
-
-
By using our site, you agree to our use of cookies
©2014 Indeed -