Human Resource Manager Job in Jeddah - Bayt.com
OK
Cancel
Loading...
Loading...
Jobs
Jobs
Salaries
People Companies Specialties
- All -
- All -Algeria (12)Bahrain (115)Dubai (1556)Egypt (497)Iraq (81)Jordan (391)Kuwait (740)Lebanon (250)Libya (16)Morocco (12)Oman (96)Pakistan (34)Qatar (1061)Saudi Arabia (2775)Sri Lanka (0)Tunisia (6)UAE (3584)Yemen (3)
Loading...
Menu - []
›
› Job Description
Human Resource Manager
Confidential Company - ,
Date Posted: 2014/04/30 13:52:07
Ref. JB3028891
Job Description
•Maintains the work structure by updating job requirements and job descriptions for all positions.
•Maintains organization staff by establishing a recruiting, testing, and interviewing program; counseling managers on candidate selection; conducting and analyzing exit interviews; recommending changes.
•Prepares employees for assignments by establishing and conducting orientation and training programs.
•Maintains a pay plan by conducting periodic pay surveys; scheduling and conducting job evaluations; preparing pay budgets; monitoring and scheduling individual pay actions; recommending, planning, and implementing pay structure revisions.
•Ensures planning, monitoring, and appraisal of employee work results by training managers to coach and discipline employees; scheduling management conferences with employees; hearing and resolving employee grievances; counseling employees and supervisors.
•Maintains employee benefits programs and informs employees of benefits by studying and assessing benefit needs and trends; recommending benefit programs to management; directing the processing of benefit claims; obtaining and evaluating benefit contract bids; awarding benefit contracts; designing and conducting educational programs on benefit programs.
•Ensures legal compliance by monitoring and implementing applicable human resource federal and state requirements; conducting investigations; maintaining records; representing the organization at hearings.
•Maintains management guidelines by preparing, updating, and recommending human resource policies and procedures.
•Maintains historical human resource records by designing a filing and retrieval system; keeping past and current records.
•Maintains professional and technical knowledge by attending educational workshops; reviewing professional publications; establishing personal networks; participating in professional societies.
•Completes human resource operational requirements by scheduling and assigning employees; following up on work results.
•Maintains human resource staff by recruiting, selecting, orienting, and training employees.
•Maintains human resource staff job results by counseling and disciplining employees; planning, monitoring, and appraising job results.
•Contributes to team effort by accomplishing related results as needed.
Skills
Organization Skill
Multitasking Skill.
Communication Skill.
Negotiation Skill.
Conflict Management and Problem Solving.
This job is posted in the following Specialties:
Job Details
Job Location:
Jeddah , Saudi Arabia
Company Industry:
Retail/Wholesale; Distributions and Logistics
Company Type:
Employer (Private Sector)
Job Role:
Human Resources/Personnel
Joining Date:
Unspecified
Employment Status:
Full time
Employment Type:
Contractor
Monthly Salary Range:
Unspecified
Manages Others:
Yes
Number of Vacancies:
1
Preferred Candidate
Career Level:
Management
Years of Experience:
Min: 5
Residence Location:
Unspecified
Gender:
Male
Degree:
Bachelor's degree / higher diploma
Date Posted: 2014/04/30 13:52:07
Ref. JB3028891
Similar Jobs
Recommended Courses
Invite Your
Friends to Bayt.com
Find Jobs
About Bayt.com
Bayt.com is the leading job site in the Gulf and Middle East, connecting job seekers with employers looking to hire.
Every day, thousands of new job vacancies are listed on the award-winning platform from the region's top employers.
Company
Quick Links
Follow
© 2000-2014 Bayt.com, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
-
Reproduction of material from any Bayt.com pages without written permission is strictly prohibited.