Sales & Marketing Executive Job, Lahore, Sialkot, Gujranwala, Faisalabad, Sahiwal, Sheikhupura, Karachi, Multan, Madina Biz Tech - ROZEE.PK
|
View all jobs from
Sales & Marketing Executive
,
Lahore
|    |    |
Your application has been submitted successfully. Employer may contact you on .
Not a Member?
Upload your CV to apply for this job.
Step 1/2: Upload Your CV
CV Uploading...
Already a Member:   Login below
Find people you may know at Madina Biz Tech
Job Detail
More Jobs From:
Industry:
Functional Area:
Total Position:
15
Job Type:
Full Time/Permanent (First Shift (Day))
Job Location:
,
,
,
,
,
,
,
,
Gender:
Male
Age:
18 - 35 Year
Minimum Education:
Bachelor's Degree
Career Level:
Experienced (Non-Manager)
Minimum Experience:
1 Year (Energy/Solar Solutions, UPS, Solar Inverters, L.E.D. Lights, Website hosting/designing/development, Multimedia presentations,software design/development)
Salary Range:
PKR. 10,000 - 25,000/Month
Apply By:
Jun 2, 2014
Job Posting Date:
May 2, 2014
Jobs from Similar Employers
Job Description:
Responsible to visit Customer as per the daily planQuotations / tender documents preparationParticipation in tender/ clarification against submitted tendersReceiving orders and processing themFollow up of running as well as previous contractFollow up of payments, shipment of orders and registrationMeeting with customers regarding new queries Delivery of catalogue and literature to customers, provide information required by any departmentArrange prices from suppliers, submission of orders, follow up orders with commercial department, delivery of invoices, bills to customersArrange replacement against rejected items, warranty certificate from suppliersConduct training of machine / productsCommunicate liaise and negotiate internally and externally using appropriate mode to facilitate the development of profitable business and sustainable relationships
Skills Required:
MBA/ BBA preferably majors in marketing.
FSc degree with pre-engineering
2-4 years hardcore technical sales experience
Excellent communication and negotiation skills
Ability to meet deadlines and achieve the set targets
At least 1-2 years’ experience in direct technical sales & hands on
commercial terms
Experience related to Energy/Solar Solutions, UPS, Solar Inverters, L.E.D.Lights, Website hosting/designing/development, Multimedia presentations, software design/development
Bachelors/B.Sc./BBA/MBA.
Enjoy working with others in a team atmosphere
Prefer a fast paced working environment
Enjoy maintaining/enhancing code to meet changing customer/industry needs
Have a “customer-service” orientation
Excellent communication skills, both written and verbal
Self initiative
Strong work ethics and Values
Selling Skills, , , , , , Executive Presentation Skills, , , , Identifying Sales Opportunities, , Go-to-market Strategy
ROZEE.PK
Would you like to receive free alerts for similar jobs?
Email:
Job Seekers
Send FeedbackWe would like to hear from you.
Copyright ©2014 ROZEE.PK - Jobs in Pakistan
- All Rights Reserved. - A Division of Naseeb Networks, Inc.
Reproduction of material from any ROZEE.PK pages without permission is strictly prohibited.
|
|
|
|