Client KYC / Sales Support Officer - DUBAI, United Arab Emirates - eBanking Careers
Client KYC / Sales Support Officer - Cash Management
Job Summary Posted on: 2014-04-30 Expiry Date: 2014-07-30 Functional Area: Cash Management Job Role: Client KYC / Sales Support Officer Location: DUBAI,
United Arab Emirates Nationality: N/A
Job Specification Job Code: JB004440 Job Type: Permanent Experience: 4 to 6Years Qualification: Any Graduates Offered Salary: Confidential
Job Details
Job Description
This Client KYC/Sales Support position supports the CMFI business in the Maghreb & Levant sub-region, which is part of the Middle East & Africa (MEA) region.
The position works directly with the client manager for this sub-region to complete client adoptions and reviews, ensuring strict adherence to the bank’s KYC/Compliance requirements and also discharges important sales support functions such as revenue tracking, MIS analysis, sales deal reporting, revenue-enhancing projects and global CMFI client campaigns.
Roles and Responsibilities:
KYC Risk Management including active client research, screening prospects before on-boarding, KYC related discussions and AML interviews for periodic review and new adoptions, presentation of clients to Client Screening Committee and completion of country overviews for annual reviews.
Liaise with CSO team for review of the quality of AML responses, coordinate with local compliance and other GTB / CB&S colleagues on client KYC issues as required.
Request submission of documents from clients according to periodic review timelines and follow up to ensure complete and timely delivery, fill in relevant KYC forms, keep tab of other ongoing issues such as change of name/mergers, etc.
Assist with documentation – liaise with clients for legal agreements and non-KYC documentation.
Review inactive accounts, assisting the sales team with re-pricing and rationalization.
Campaign Management – coordinate various revenue generating campaigns under global CMFI programs.
MIS Management - various aspects of sales deal management and regular MIS reporting/analysis.
Participate and organize training sessions, road-shows, workshops/seminars for clients.
Visit clients periodically for Sales Support & to keep in touch with the KYC/Compliance officers.
Assist with RFP & RFI process, liaise with Customer Service for implementation of new products and complete any other relevant risk management or sales support task as the need arises.
Desired Profile
Minimum bachelors degree education.
Fluency in English and French required; in addition, knowledge of Arabic would be an advantage.
Experience in Cash Management in a large financial institution preferred.
Good understanding of compliance, risk and documentation needs for GTB/CMFI products.
Key Skills
Communication skills
Customer oriented
Computer skills
Find us on
Menu
Head Office: UAE
Suite 403, Jumeirah Bay,Tower X2 Jumeirah Lakes Towers,Sh. Zayed Road, Dubai, UAETel : +971 4 4179600Fax : +971 4 4179610P.O.Box 31372, Dubai, UAEsales@eBankingCareers.com
Egypt:
45 Mosadek Street, Dokki,6th floor, EFG Hermes Building,Cairo, EgyptTel: +202 3 336 9661Fax: +202 3 336 9622
Bahrain:
73 Al Rossais Tower - Diplomatic AreaP.O.Box 5043, Manama, BahrainTel: +973 17 535396Fax: +973 17 536676
Powered by Copyright 2013 &COPY; eBankingCareers.com