Sales Manager - Food and Beverage with Conrad Dubai | 10878239
Jobseekers
|
Jobseekers
Sales Manager - Food and Beverage
Middle East > United Arab Emirates
Full job details
Recruiter
Conrad Dubai
Posted
30/04/2014 12:15:07
Ref
BUS013YQ
Location
Middle East > United Arab Emirates
Job Type
Sales & Marketing, Sales Manager
Sector
Hotel
Job Level
Management
Sales Manager - Food and Beverage
(
Job Number:
BUS013YQ
)
Work Locations
:
Conrad Dubai
Sheikh Zayed Road
PO Box 115143
Dubai
0
As a Sales Manager- Food and Beverage with Conrad Hotels and Resorts analyses local and international Food and Beverage market trends and competitor activity to recommend strategies that keep the hotel a leader in the marketplace through the development of future and repeat business.What will it be like to work for this Hilton Worldwide Brand?Smart luxury is at the core of everything Conrad Hotels & Resorts does. We offer our guests one-of-a-kind experiences, service that's intuitive and connections to people and places near or far. We're the destination of a new generation of global travelers for whom life, business, and pleasure seamlessly intersect. People who know that the greatest luxury is the luxury of being yourself.If you understand what it’s like to juggle life, business, and pleasure and know how to bring a sense of luxury to that type of travel experience, you may be just the person we are looking for to work as a Team Member with Conrad Hotels & Resorts. Because it’s with Conrad Hotels & Resorts where we promise our Guests the luxury of just being themselves.What will I be doing? As Sales Manager- Food and Beverage, you will analyse local and international market trends and competitor activity to recommend strategies that keep the hotel a leader in the marketplace through the development of future and repeat business. Specifically, you will be responsible for performing the following tasks to the highest standards:
To support F&B; Department to achieve revenue objectives and goals as set by the management
Conduct site inspections for external clients; attend specific networking and food and Beverage events where appropriate.
Check and implement the database to ensure there is a Conrad specific list of guests. In conjunction with marketing plays an important role in ensuring the various promotions are communicated to potential clients.
Handle group inquiries for the relevant outlets, give out general information where necessary and liaise with operations team to ensure that the bookings are handled properly.
After event ensure ensure proper follow up.
Conduct meeting with suppliers and business partners to examine various opportunities.
Build memberships for specific outlets.
Perform any reasonable request made by management.
Monthly critique and month end report.
Coordination and sending contract agreements if needed.
Conduct direct face to face calls where necessary with and without the sales team
Implement a trace system and also be responsible for informing all concerned when there are VIP guests or specific groups booked.
Block restaurant bookings in Respack
Coordinate with outlet managers Respack availability spots and ensure for correct availability meeting the business demand
Produce “lost business” and “no show” report
Coordinate Table bookings for special events.
Ensure coverage during vacation and leave periods through developing talent from within.
Coordinate with guest relations and front office to add incremental capture from in-house guests.
Increase reach of our various channels by promoting the same social or online.
What are we looking for? A Sales Manager -Food and Beverage serving Hilton Worldwide Brand hotels and vacations is always working on behalf of our Guests and working with other Team Members. To successfully fill this role, you should maintain the attitude, behaviors, skills, and values that follow:
Positive attitude and good communication skills
Commitment to delivering a high level of customer service
Excellent grooming standards
Flexibility to respond to a range of different work situations
Ability to work under pressure and under own initiative
Experience in a sales role with a proven track record to close a sale It would be advantageous in this position for you to demonstrate the following capabilities and distinctions:
Restaurant/ Hotel management Diploma/ certification College or equivalent degree.
Ability to handle large group restaurant bookings for restaurants.
Should be able to work under pressure in a customer service environment
Confident in client interaction and Selling abilities
2 year minimum experience working in a multi-cultural / 5 star hotel with group reservations experience.
Knowledge of hospitality - ideally with a background in a 5* hotel or luxury DMC is essential
Passion for sales and for achieving targets and objectives
Fluency in English both written & spoken is essential, and a second language would be advantageous
Knowledge of basic DELPHI, Microsoft Programs, Respack System is desired. What benefits will I receive?Your benefits will include a competitive starting salary and holiday entitlement. As an employee you will become a member of The Hilton Club which provides reduced hotel room rates in our hotels worldwide, plus discounts on products and services offered by Hilton Worldwide and its partners. We look forward to explaining in detail the range of excellent benefits that you would expect from a global hotel organization like Hilton Worldwide. We look forward to explaining in detail the range of excellent benefits that you would expect from a global hotel organization like Hilton Worldwide.Learn more now about Conrad Hotels & Resorts --- where you’ll enjoy the luxury of being yourself.A high-profile destinationMore than doubling the number of Conrad properties by 2014Conrad Hotels & Resorts celebrates 25 years of success in the hospitality industry
Job
:
Sales
Schedule
:
Full-time
Potential Benefits
:
Housing, Transport, Additional benefits as per company policy
Share this job
Catererglobal.com is a trademark of Totaljobs Group Ltd. © 2013 Copyright and database rights Totaljobs Group Ltd.Powered by .