GulfTalent.com
Trade Marketing Manager
Mackenzie Jones
Dubai, UAE
Posted on: 30 Apr 2014
THE ROLE
Expand all
Trade Marketing Manager
Middle East & Africa
If you've enjoyed working in a multinational organization and would like to join a diverse team in a great environment, then this is a role for you. This organization is a multinational FMCG that is a leader in their category and continues to remain at the top
This role reports to the Commercial Head of the Middle East & Africa and will adapt and build on the trade marketing strategy to secure leadership brand position across the Modern Trade channel.
You will support markets with effective tools, insights and training to implement perfect execution at the store level and category management processes that facilitate long term growth.
This role will build on the long term strategy for the Middle East and Africa region with the support of retail audit data, shopper research, business analysis and other analysis reports. Translate insights into actionable plans across the markets thus capitalizing on incremental sales opportunities that drive brand and category growth.
REQUIREMENTS
Qualifications:
•Minimum 5 years of experience in a Regional (GCC) Trade Marketing role.
•Strong planning and project management skills
•Should know the trade well in the GCC. It would acceptable if you have worked 3+ Gulf countries
•Excellent communication and presentation skills with knowledge of Arabic being a plus
ABOUT THE COMPANY
Mackenzie Jones Middle East has decades of HR, Marketing, Finance & Accounting, Sales, Secretarial & Business Support, Management Consulting and Engineering recruitment expertise. Along with a deep understanding of key market sectors and regions, we never forget to treat clients, companies and candidates as individuals who have unique needs.
So we always listen, constantly learn, occasionally challenge and frequently advise. It’s all part of a service renowned for its courtesy, consideration and dedication.
Based in Dubai since 2006, our office covers the GCC and Levant countries and with the right regional expertise, we are the leading specialists.
We’re growing rapidly because people appreciate our honesty, commitment and results.
Areas of specialties we recruit for are: Human Resources, Finance & Accounting, Marketing, Sales, Secretarial & Business Support, Executive Search, Banking & Financial Services, Management Consulting and Engineering.
Send
Candidates who applied for this job also applied for:
|
|