GulfTalent.com
Marketing Assistant
Parkhouse Bell
Dubai, UAE
Posted on: 30 Apr 2014
THE ROLE
Expand all
• Parkhouse Bell is a leading international recruitment and consultancy company, with offices in the UK, Middle East and Australia.
• We are currently looking for a Marketing Assistant to support marketing functions in our Dubai office.
• Competitive salary and benefits available.
Parkhouse Bell is an International Recruitment and Consulting firm with offices in London, Dubai, Brisbane, and Perth Scotland.
The Dubai business unit has fantastic offices in Dubai Media City and our growing team comprises of healthcare, education, and integrated services divisions. We provide a comprehensive HR service to clients including recruitment, talent management, training needs analysis, and organisational restructuring.
REQUIREMENTS
Reporting to the Marketing Manager, you will be responsible for….
1. The daily management of our social media resources- LinkedIn, Twitter & Facebook- in line with our overall content marketing and brand objectives. Experience with Hootsuite desirable.
2. Compiling monthly social media reports.
3. Blog and article writing for online and offline publication.
4. Writing and promoting press releases when required.
5. Support with email marketing campaigns e.g. regular newsletter production & E-shots, and their distribution via MailChimp. Development (and marketing) of creative content to grow our email subscriber list.
6. Support in the design and development of brochures and marketing literature. Knowledge and experience with desktop publishing software e.g. InDesign is desirable.
7. Identifying testimonials, case studies and press release material from across the group that are suitable for publishing. Maintain contact with the UK office re: testimonials from their independent, online review sites that are suitable for publishing on our website.
8. Identifying suitable publishing platforms and alternative media channels to increase brand awareness and exposure.
9. Contribute ideas toward the content and digital marketing strategy, as well as specific campaigns.
10. Support with the organization and promotion of events as required.
11. Monitor the timely delivery of client & candidate satisfaction feedback surveys and managing results appropriately. Complete survey data collection and reporting quarterly.
12. Support in market research activities and report writing: compiling, consolidating and summarizing information and data for salary surveys, market intelligence, cost of living reports etc.
You must have excellent spoken and written English, high attention to detail, able to work autonomously, and be customer focused. You must have a passion for marketing. This is an entry level position and fixed term contract. We would hope the successful candidate proves themselves to going permanent in the company.
A salary of AED6,000 - AED8,000.
Parkhouse Bell Group offers opportunities to move into different divisions and work in our other international offices.
Please apply online.
ABOUT THE COMPANY
Parkhouse Bell Human Resources Consultancy that specialises in delivering HR services to education, manufacturing, retail, oil&gas, IT, and healthcare companies.
Founded in 2006, we now operate out of London, Dubai, and Brisbane delivering series internationally.
Our core services are:
HR Consultancy
Interim Management
Recruitment
Training
We have placed candidates at all levels from the front line to the board, and source staff on a permanent, contract and temporary basis.
All our consultants are specialists in the sector and we have a true understanding of the intricacies of doing business in a challenging economic and political environment. Integral to our way of working is our understanding of the importance of client and candidate confidentiality. Our ethos is one of providing a personal service and value for money.
Parkhouse Bell's success so far has been based on honesty, openness and a willingness to listen to our clients' needs.
Send
Candidates who applied for this job also applied for:
|
|