GulfTalent.com
Sales Executive – Al Futtaim Motors
Al Futtaim Group
Dubai, UAE
Posted on: 30 Apr 2014
THE ROLE
Expand all
Sales Executive - Al Futtaim Motors - Hino Material Handling Equipment
Al-Futtaim Motors is synonymous with Toyota and Lexus, which enjoys undisputed leadership in the UAE in terms of the largest number of vehicles on the road. Besides Toyota, AF Motors also holds exclusive franchises for some of the world's top material handling products like BT - Swedish leading heavy-duty warehouse handling equipment.
Al-Futtaim Motors occupies the pre-eminent position of the largest distributor of automotive products in the United Arab Emirates, and leads the rapid development of the country's automotive business, while continuing to contribute to Hino trucks and Toyota material handling equipment worldwide growth.
To provide full back-up support to these world-class franchises, Al Futtaim Motors have an established network of showrooms and service & parts centers throughout the UAE.
We are currently looking to recruit a Sales Executive within our Material Handling Equipment division. Reporting to the Senior Sales Manager, you will be responsible for Managing and developing a customers' portfolio and long term rental business.
The responsibilities of this role will include the following:
Build up a professional relationship with the customers by providing a high level consulting service
Develop Sales by following the existing customers machines' renewal, providing AFM with new customers and pushing the long term rental activity according to the target.
Analyze Sales data and provide a high level reporting for the top management Participate to the loyalty programs by providing the marketing and after sales service department with very precise information.
REQUIREMENTS
The selected candidate will have the following qualifications, skills and experience:
* You will be a University Graduate holding sales and marketing qualification.
* Have a minimum of 3-5 years experience in sales and/or marketing within the automotive field and a good knowledge of Material Handling Equipment.
* Knowledge of rental is highly desirable
* Be analytical and numerically minded
* Show a high level of autonomy
* You will need to be comfortable in delivering professional presentation's
* Have a high level of PC Competency/Computer Knowledge
* Arabic language skills and UAE experience is an advantage
* Have the ability to think strategically and creatively
* You will preferably hold either a UAE or internationally recognized driving license.
ABOUT THE COMPANY
Established in the 1930's, the Al-Futtaim Group initially operated as a trading enterprise. Rapid development throughout the 1940's and 50's saw it establish itself regionally as an integrated commercial, industrial and services organisation, positioning itself one of the leading business houses in the lower Gulf region. Today, it operates collectively over 40 companies bearing the Al-Futtaim name, dominates many market segments in the UAE, and has expanded its sphere of operation to include Bahrain, Kuwait, Qatar, Oman and Egypt.
The Group comprises a diverse range of strategically positioned operating subsidiaries and associate companies, structured to give the Al-Futtaim Group the flexibility and versatility to keep ahead of local competition while keeping pace with the ever-evolving global business scenario. The Group’s continued investment in world-class systems technology is clear evidence of its commitment to maintain leading edge performance and service delivery.
The success of the Al-Futtaim Group can be attributed to a business approach that combines the ability to change with the traditional values of integrity, service and social responsibility that define its core business philosophy. This, linked with the Group’s belief in decentralisation, gives the heads of the operating companies a high degree of functional autonomy and authority, providing the Group with essential flexibility, and individual employees a clearly defined work culture and sense of responsibility.
Send
|
|