Managers, Engineers and Sales Executive Jobs in Pepco Group of Companies, Qatar | JI137985
Job Seeker Login:
|
If you're looking to post a job or searching resumes, go to our employer website
Managers, Engineers and Sales Executive Jobs in Qatar
Company Name
Pepco Group of Companies
Job Functional Area
, ,
Job Title
Managers, Engineers and Sales Executive
Job Location
Posted on
Apr 29, 2014
Job Description
A leading contracting company in Qatar is looking for suitable candidates for the following positions:
1- Project Manager (Civil)
2- Project Engineer (Civil)
3- Project Manager (MEP-Major Electrical)
4- Project Engineer (Electrical)
5- Project Engineer (Mechanical)
6- Sales Executive for Civil/MEP/Solar equipment / Fiber glass products.Apply Instructions for This Job
Interested candidates may forward their CVs to the
Email: Find Similar Jobs Salesperson required with Bahraini driving license & fluent English. ... materials sector in Abu Dhabi, Mussafah and Dubai.
- Experience in the tape industry is also preferred.
- A valid U.A.E. driving license is a must.
- Attractive packa ... in this role, a candidate with a technical background is needed. I Strong sales experience is crucial, technical capabilities and commercial acumen is I a must ... Company requires candidates for the following position for their Oman sector.
SALES MANAGER
The candidate must have 10 years Gulf experience in the steel trading ... experience
3- Auto Electrician cum A/C Mechanic:
- 8 years experience.
4- Automobile Denter:
- 8 years Experience.
5- Sales Executive:
- 5 years experien ...
More Jobs
, , , Find Relevant Functional Area Jobs, , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
* Your Full Name:
* Your Email Address:
* Friends' Email Addresses:
[Separate email addresses with comma, max 3 emails at a time]
Job Title:
Managers, Engineers and Sales Executive
Add Note (Optional):
Log in to save this job, and find the jobs you saved already! If you are new at Careermidway.com, please
Email Address:
Password:
Enter your email address. You will receive a notification email with details on login information.
Enter email address
Post Comments on this Job
Relevant comments on this job are highly appreciated.
Please use personal name or nickname rather keywords in the name field.
Comments filling the fields with anchor text to spam this site and search engines may be edited, have URLs removed, or deleted entirely.
Your Name:
Your Email:
Show Email:
Check this to show your email address alongwith your name/comments.
Your Comments:
Enter Code*:
International Jobs
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
© Copyright 2014 All rights reserved Careermidway.com
|
|
|
|