GulfTalent.com
Oil and Gas Headhunter – Global Energy Market
Spencer Ogden
Dubai, UAE
Posted on: 30 Apr 2014
THE ROLE
Expand all
Trainee Recruitment Consultants – Global Energy Market – Times Top 100 - Dubai - British
Company
Do you want to be at the top of your game faster than your friends and earning more money than you thought possible as a graduate? We want to hear from money motivated, driven and confident graduates!
Spencer Ogden provides your relocation package, but ideally we are looking for those already based in Dubai. Suitable for Graduates with sales experience!
20K (OTE 1st year 35K+ 2nd Year 55K 3rd Year Management and 100-150K +) + Full Training and Development
About Spencer Ogden:
Spencer Ogden stands for the best in professional, proactive global energy recruitment – and our graduates are no exception.
Named as the most ‘Outstanding Fast-Growth Business’ at the Global Business Excellence Awards in January 2013, and part of The Sunday Times Top 100 Best Small Companies to work for in Q4 last year. Last week we were proud to announce that we are the winners of the Queen’s Award for Enterprise.
Our Graduate Academy is an intensive training ground for the world’s top graduates. Thanks to the know-how of leading managers and directors, we turn them into the best recruitment professionals in the industry.
By working with us, you will soon realize why we are different. Our offices are quirky and fresh! With Astro turf flooring, running machines and punch bags! We’ve also collected the best in vintage petrol pumps and retro furniture for you to enjoy.
We have are looking for self-motivated, hard-working trainee consultants to start immediately.
Day-to-Day Duties:
•	Developing New Business Leads
•	Cold Calling to build up your client base
•	Managing your own accounts, clients and candidates
•	Sourcing candidates through existing databases, job boards and social media
•	Finding the best tax and payroll solutions + researching visa information
•	Closing out offers and ringing the bell with a new deal!
After the two-week graduate programme with our top London trainers you will be a 360 consultant from day one. Previous sales experience will prove useful because you’ll be speaking to clients internationally to pull your own jobs. Resilience and a high work ethic are necessary traits to do well here. Do you think you’re up for the challenge?
Finding candidates and scheduling interviews is all part of the fun before closing out your first deal! We host ‘deal tunes’ in the evenings where you pick your own tune and ring your deal up!
REQUIREMENTS
Who we’re looking for:
Are you money motivated and looking for fast, clear career progression? We consider our graduate programme to be the training ground for our next generation of senior leaders and London’s biggest billers; in 2014 we aim to recruit 150 new graduates globally. We look for the most ambitious people who are confident, hard-working and resilient
University Qualifications: 2:1 or above, Cs or above at A Level
Nature and length of previous experience: 3-6 months previous sales experience
Soft Skills and Personality traits: Ambitious
Money Motivated
Articulate
Confident
High Work Ethic
Competitive
Resilient
Rewards and benefits - The FUN bit!
We offer an unbeatable rewards scheme in return for your hard work.
• Incentives include annual trips to Ibiza for opening and closing parties with entrance tickets to the best clubs and beds at Blue Marlin!
•Las Vegas Business Class and Tower Suites
•Quarterly lunch clubs in the most exclusive London restaurants
•A starting salary of £20,000 per annum with regular increases
•Uncapped commission (OTE £35k 1st year, 55k 2nd year, 100k+ 3rd year)
•The chance to help tackle the global energy challenge
•Substantial responsibility from day one
•The chance to progress to senior management
•OR to join Spencer Ogden Elite for our highest billers who get flexible working hours, random duvet days and an unbelievable commission structure. Our top biller last year brought in over £1.2million of business last year alone!
ABOUT THE COMPANY
The energy industry is an ever-changing landscape - with a much publicised skills shortage. We recruit the best international talent across all energy sectors and provide industry-leading services to our clients and candidates that they won’t find elsewhere, whatever stage of the project life cycle.
In short, we’ve put our big industry experience and forward thinking where the action is.
With offices in the UK, Middle East, Asia Pac, Africa, Canada and the US, you’ll find us at the heart of industry growth, keeping pace with changing technologies and building strong, long-lasting relationships along the way.
Send
Candidates who applied for this job also applied for:
|
|