Sales Manager (IT Solution) jobs in Hire Rightt Human Resource Consultancy in Dubai - United Arab Emirates - Naukrigulf.com
Job Seekers Login:
|
Sales Manager (IT Solution)
at Hire Rightt Human Resource Consultancy in
-
Posted: Apr 30, 2014 Exp:
3 - 8
yrs.
| Salary: $4001 - $5000
| Opening(s): 2
Education: Basic - Bachelor of Technology/Engineering, Bachelor of Science, Bachelors in Computer Application(Computers), Bachelor of Business Administration(Management), PG - Master of Technology/Engineering, MBA/PG Diploma in Business Mgmt, Masters in Computer Application(Computers)
Nationality: Any Nationality
Industry Type:
Functional Area:
/
Your Message could not be sent.
Your message has been sent
Job Description
Share
Selling the products like:Data Systems, Symantec, NetApp, Vmware, IBM, Quantum, Cisco, Spectra
Services: Storage Systems, Cloud Services, Virtualization, Data Protection and recovery, Security, Data Management, Disaster recovery, Server Hardware, Information Lifecycle Management Products
Should have a good history of projects
If interested forward your CV to nikitha@hirerightt.com
Desired Candidate Profile
Should have knowledge in selling the products like: Data Systems, Symantec, NetApp, Vmware, IBM, Quantum, Cisco, Spectra
Services: Storage Systems, Cloud Services, Virtualization, Data Protection and recovery, Security, Data Management, Disaster recovery, Server Hardware, Information Lifecycle Management Products
Should have a good history of projects
Keyword:
IT sales Engineer
Sales Engineer Software Software Consultant(IT Sales)
|
Company Profile
We are a Consultancy specializing in executive search and recruitment for organisations across the Middle East.
Contact Details
Name/ Designation: Mr. Manudeep Kalra - Owner
Disclaimer: Naukrigulf.com is only a platform to bring jobseekers & employers together. Applicants are advised to research the bonafides of the prospective employer independently. We do NOT endorse any requests for money payments and strictly advice against sharing personal or bank related information.We also recommend you visit
for more information. If you suspect any fraud or malpractice, email us at
To*
From*
Subject*
Email:
Password:
Upload a latest profile photo
A CV with photo has 40% higher chances of getting noticed by employers
Upload Profile Photo
This is how your profile photo will look like.To make adjustments, you can drag around and resize the yellow dashed-square on the right panel.
When you are satisfied with your photo click the "Save Photo" button.
Browse Jobs by
Jobs By Location
Jobs By Category
Job Seekers
Recruiters
Partner Sites
Company
Information
All rights reserved © 2001-
2014 Info Edge (India) Ltd.