Cake Baker & Decorater jobs in Ayadi Human Resource consultancy LLC in Dubai - United Arab Emirates - Naukrigulf.com
Ayadi Human Resources Consultancy Jobs - Career, Jobs opening in Ayadi Human Resources Consultancy
Careers
Cake Baker & Decorater
at Ayadi Human Resource consultancy LLC in
-
Posted: Apr 30, 2014 Exp:
1 - 2
yrs.
| Opening(s): 2
Other Benefits: Per the to UAE labor law
Education: Basic - Diploma
Nationality: Indian, Filipino, Nepali, Sri Lankan
Gender: Female
Industry Type:
/
/
Functional Area:
/
/
/
Your Message could not be sent.
Your message has been sent
Job Description
Share
Customer Service, They must greet the customers and respond to their questions and requests in a courteous and helpful way.
Preparing, decorating and displaying food - They prepare food sold in the bakery and must be able to read instructions for food preparation.
Several times each hour they slice, pour, decorate and place food into containers, weigh and attach proper price labels.
Cleaning The Work Area
Experience in decorating 3D cakes (cartoon characters) using decofondant and baking cakes not less than 1 year
Desired Candidate Profile
Experience in decorating 3D cakes (cartoon characters) using decofondant and baking cakes not less than 1 year
Female Filipino, Sri Lankan, Indian, Nepalese
Keyword: cake decorators cake bakers
|
Company Profile
Ayadi is an HR Consultancy that partners with its clients to offer complete recruitment solutions and help them attract, train and retain the manpower they need, and manage the process of moving technical experts onsite as required.
We are objective, fair in selection, and work closely with our clients to determine exact human resource needs before starting the sourcing and matching process. We help mobilize human resource and technical assets on site within agreed time frames to ensure we fit
client's manpower requirements.
Contact Details
Name/ Designation: Fadi Ghannam - GM
Website
To*
From*
Subject*
Email:
Password:
Upload a latest profile photo
A CV with photo has 40% higher chances of getting noticed by employers
Upload Profile Photo
This is how your profile photo will look like.To make adjustments, you can drag around and resize the yellow dashed-square on the right panel.
When you are satisfied with your photo click the "Save Photo" button.
Content
provided by Ayadi Human Resources Consultancy, Info Edge India Limited
disclaims all warranties against infringement.
Visit
and
for more comprehensive information in this
regard.