AutoCAD Draughtsman jobs in Confidential in Dubai - United Arab Emirates - Naukrigulf.com
Job Seekers Login:
|
AutoCAD Draughtsman
at Confidential in
-
Posted: Apr 29, 2014 Exp:
2 - 8
yrs.
| Opening(s): 95
Education: Basic - Bachelor of Technology/Engineering, Bachelor of Science, Diploma, Bachelors in Computer Application(Computers)
Nationality: Any Nationality
Industry Type: Other
Functional Area:
Your Message could not be sent.
Your message has been sent
Job Description
Share
An international architectural co. is currently looking to recruit AutoCAD Draughtsman in the following areas to work within an existing team based in Dubai
1. Architectural - 28 No's
2. Structural
- 14 No's
3. RCC - 12 No's
4. MEPD - 8 No's
5. Interior - 12 No's
6. HVAC
- 5 No's
7. Electrical - 3 No's
8. Landscaping - 5 No's
9. Roads & infrastructure - 8 No's
The Role of an AutoCAD Technician:
You will be working in a team of Architects & Engineers on multi story commercial & residential projects.
You will utilise your knowledge (2D & 3D) to upgrade and create new designs, detailing and Tender, as built drawings for Multi-storey building projects.
If you are interested in this role and feel that you have the right skills then please your CV to atkinsintl@gmail.com
Desired Candidate Profile
The candidate criteria:
* Good command and knowledge of AutoCAD (there will be a test as part of the interview process)
*Ability in Autocad release 13/14 to produce drawings for our clients . Drawings should be produced to recognised BS/AS standards; They should be consistent and accurate (training will be provided)
*candidates with knowledge of Autodesk Revit , Gulf Experienced and T&PDA;’s ACID training certificate holders will be an added advantage
* Engineering/ Design background, ideally within each discipline and Drafting skills
* Excellent communication and interpersonal skills
The benefits:
* Competitive salary
* 30 days holiday
* Permanent role
* Company Medical insurance
* Company transportation
Keyword:
AutoCAD 2012/2013 BS/AS standards Autodesk Revit T&PDA;’s ACID
AUTOCAD Draughtsman 2D 3D built drawings detailed design
|
Company Profile
Confidential
Disclaimer: Naukrigulf.com is only a platform to bring jobseekers & employers together. Applicants are advised to research the bonafides of the prospective employer independently. We do NOT endorse any requests for money payments and strictly advice against sharing personal or bank related information.We also recommend you visit
for more information. If you suspect any fraud or malpractice, email us at
To*
From*
Subject*
Email:
Password:
Upload a latest profile photo
A CV with photo has 40% higher chances of getting noticed by employers
Upload Profile Photo
This is how your profile photo will look like.To make adjustments, you can drag around and resize the yellow dashed-square on the right panel.
When you are satisfied with your photo click the "Save Photo" button.
Browse Jobs by
Jobs By Location
Jobs By Category
Job Seekers
Recruiters
Partner Sites
Company
Information
All rights reserved © 2001-
2014 Info Edge (India) Ltd.