Web Application Developer Job, Karachi, Being Student Community - ROZEE.PK
|
View all jobs from
Web Application Developer
,
Karachi
|    |    |
Your application has been submitted successfully. Employer may contact you on .
Not a Member?
Upload your CV to apply for this job.
Step 1/2: Upload Your CV
CV Uploading...
Already a Member:   Login below
Find people you may know at Being Student Community
Wasiq Khan (Being Student Community)‏
has requested your help in sharing this job with your friends
Job Detail
More Jobs From:
Industry:
Functional Area:
Total Position:
1
Job Type:
Full Time/Permanent (First Shift (Day))
Job Location:
,
Gender:
Doesn't Matter
Age:
16 - 40 Year
Minimum Education:
Intermediate/A-Level
Career Level:
Experienced (Non-Manager)
Minimum Experience:
2 Years (Practical Knowledge and Hands on experience required)
Salary Range:
PKR. 15,000 - 35,000/Month
Require Travel:
Not Required
Apply By:
May 30, 2014
Job Posting Date:
May 6, 2014
Jobs from Similar Employers
Job Description:
We’re looking for a super-energetic, target oriented; focused and creative Application Develop (PHP ) to work on our “Project LMS” (A CMS Based e-Learning Management Portal) at our design office located Gulshan-e-Iqbal, Karachi.
The Ideal candidate should: · Have strong analytic skills and the ability to meet tight deadlines is essential for a fast-paced environment· Have capability to manage fairly complex and large projects, solid understanding of project deliverables and the ability to take responsibility for them.· Have knowledge of Website structure and Functionality· Have the ability to work independently on strategic design issues as well as a good team player· Ability to effective manage multiple projects/tasks of varying complexities and work well under pressure· Excellent organization and communication skills· Should Have Relevant Knowledge of the Technology of choice:Should be Able to Code and Program from the scratch or modify existing modules to meet the business requirementsFamiliar with technologies like PHP, HTML5, CSS, MySQL, jQuery, Custom CMS Development, Joomla, Wordpress, MVC Framework, Java, XML/XSL, AJAX etc.ASP NET with C#/VB
NET, and SQL2005/2008.Must have strong concepts of Object Oriented Programming and Stored Procedures. Expertise in HTML/DHTML, Java script, CSS, XML programming, AJAX, VSnet 2005. Understanding of XSLT / XML /AJAX / HTML / CSS, Understanding of DotNet framework 2.0/3.5/4.0Experience with SQL Queries is a mustWeb Optimization techniques will be a plusHands on experience with ASP DotNet Store Front will be a big plusA strong sense of clean design and codingExperience with relational databases and SQLStrong knowledge of ASP NET, C#, OOP, Win FormsStrong knowledge of Web service
Programming Languages, , , , , , , , , Tools, , , , Servers/Platforms, , , , , DatabasesInterface Protocols & Standards, , Frameworks, Processes
ROZEE.PK
Would you like to receive free alerts for similar jobs?
Email:
Job Seekers
Send FeedbackWe would like to hear from you.
Copyright ©2014 ROZEE.PK - Jobs in Pakistan
- All Rights Reserved. - A Division of Naseeb Networks, Inc.
Reproduction of material from any ROZEE.PK pages without permission is strictly prohibited.
|
|
|
|