Digital Project Lead - Dubai Based Job with HR Source | 572955
-->
or
Digital Project Lead - Dubai Based
/
/
/
Tax Free + Benefits
Shortlist
Add to shortlist
1. Summary
The Leader level Project Manager is responsible for the day-to-day task management of medium sized engagements (6-10 team members, up to £500k revenue or local country equivalent). They ensure project scope is defined, create and manage the project plan, and provide direction to all members of the team. The Project Manager is ultimately responsible for planning and coordinating activities of individual projects to ensure that the project goals are accomplished and client needs are met.
2. Responsibilities and main result areas
DELIVERY
Planning
-          Day to day management of the project team
-          Create and own plan
-          Define responsibilities and set direction and allocate with the team
-          Identify project risks and mitigation plans
-          Manage project resourcing
Communications
-          Weekly status reporting to client, including financial if T&M
-          Escalate issues to CD/CP where appropriate
-          Weekly reporting/recording for company (including resource forecast & Tempo)
Consulting
-          Develop project proposals and statements of work leveraging experience of Strategy, Tech and UE leads
-          Deliver client presentations
-          Lead and facilitate requirements workshops and interviews
-          Manage and develop process for scope changes / change requests
-          Hold client relationships for project
-          Provide/manage client satisfaction (including client acceptance)
·         Financials
-          Manage project budget – deliver to target margin
-          Seek to maximise revenue through project delivery (profit margin)
-          Track actual time and expenses incurred
Leadership
-          Manage deliverable and review process
-          Day to day leadership of a project and/or delivery area, managing multiple workstreams and levels of colleagues
-          Manages a project team, demonstrates leadership skills in addressing delivery and performance issues and undertakes tasks to build team morale
-          Hold responsibility for the quality of the project deliverables and communications
-          Lead and support team to take on responsibility
-          Provide timely feedback and mentoring to team members throughout the project
-          Mentor more junior project managers (graduate/associate level)
-          Ensure team collaboration & positive environment
-          Conducts timely, fair and accurate project reviews for team members, using the standard templates, where appropriate.
Conducts self, and communicates, professionally with clients and colleagues
Works proactively with Client Director / Partner to ensure completion of project reviews for self.
Provides 360° feedback for team members where appropriate.
COMPANY
Delivers projects to margin agreed at project start
Contributes to business development efforts through project scoping, estimating and attending sales calls when required. Teams with CP/CD during sales activities, proposal writing.
Communicates ideas and industry trends on particular subject matter to colleagues through informal communication and formal presentations and training sessions
Develops project management tools and processes. Assumes responsibility for an office approach/methodology area, develops the approach in line with industry standards and evangelises the use of approach/methodology to London office colleagues.
Participation in recruitment interviews
Develops effective promotion cases for mentored colleagues and provides clear, unambiguous feedback to candidates.
Set up and runs team building activities and events
Supports business operational processes (e.g. runs resource management meeting, facilitates end of project reviews, etc)
Assumes formal responsibility for career guidance, mentoring colleagues formally and informally, and completes CPRs which are timely, fair and accurate
Mentors junior colleagues on an informal basis offering opinions and input in a supportive manner.
Endeavours to complete objectives identified with sponsor in CPR form
Makes use of appropriate research materials (Internet, publications etc) to ensure skills and knowledge remain current.
Maintains an up to date resume detailing client project experience
Maximises billable hours through making oneself available for client work. Makes best use of non-billable hours by working on internal initiatives, business development and self development.
3. Qualifications and Experience
1st or 2.1 degree from a top 20 university – subject non-specific.
A degree demonstrating analytical capability is preferred
Prince2 practitioner accreditation preferred
5+ years managing projects for blue-chip firms/clients
Plus 1 year experience as a Project Manager in an eBusiness consulting environment
Evidence of management of project teams of 5-10 people to successful conclusion
Deep expertise in one or more project roles, such as Engineering, Business Analysis, Information Architecture
Proven organisational skills
Proven leadership skills
Very strong meeting facilitation skills
Ability to run client workshops of up to 10 people to discuss requirements
Can articulate Project Management methodology – processes, practices, team management, project delivery phases
Ability to turn requirements into a viable project plan and marshal resources required to deliver
Strong follow-through orientation
Business process orientation
Ability to juggle multiple tasks and priorities
Self-starter and self-learner
Ability to work independently with little direction and tight deadlines
Excellent written and verbal communications skills
Excellent client facing communications skills
Ability to put administrative structure and organisation in place on new or existing projects
Ability to motivate others
Achieved an overall rating of “Exceeds Objectives” in most recent CPR at Senior Associate level.
Achieved at least two overall ratings of “Exceeds Objectives” in PPR’s at Senior Associate level.
4. Skill Requirements
Skill
Description
Planning
Manages client buy-in to project approach, plan and estimates at senior level
Ensures team buy-in to project approach, plan and estimates through proactive involvement in planning process
Promotes reuse of best practice tools
Communications
Ability to present effectively to client audience
Ability to become trusted advisor to client decision makers
Consulting
Confidence to facilitate client-facing workshops (up to 10 participants) on multiple subject areas
Ability to develop and hold client relationships
Ability to identify innovative solutions to drive projects to successful outcomes
Ability to set quality standards for project teams
Financials
Proactive and appropriate management of project scope to protect margins
Identifies and secures additional revenue opportunities (Change requests)
Ability to estimate accurately for task duration and external dependencies
Ability to balance and level resources to optimise team utilisation
Leadership
Exhibits independence and autonomy in decision making
Sets and manages expectations for team and client
Builds respect of the project team and client
Ability to build and improve team morale
Ability to play multiple roles on a project (e.g. Information Architect, Business Analyst, etc in addition to Project Manager role)
Technology
Exhibits a broad understanding of technology and its application to eBusiness
Ability to explain benefits of technology solutions in business context
Methodologies
Demonstrates understanding of a recognised project management methodology (e.g. Prince2, PMBOK)
Demonstrates detailed understanding of phases required for strategy, technology and
Share
Posted
30 April 2014
Closes
30 May 2014
Sector
,
Function
,
,
,
,
,
Role
Specialism
,
Hours
Contract Type
Apply for Digital Project Lead - Dubai Based
Have a Brand Republic Jobs account?
and we'll pre-fill this application for you.
Apply
First name
Last name
Email address
Cover Message
Upload your CV
Choose a file
Your CV must be a .doc, .pdf, .docx, .rtf, and no bigger than 1Mb
Email me jobs like this one when they become available
Use my CV and cover letter as a template next time I apply
By applying for a job listed on Brand Republic Jobs you agree to our
and
You should never be required to provide bank account details. If you are, please .
More jobs like this
-->
-->
-->
-->
-->
-->
-->
-->
© 2009 - 2014 Brand Republic Jobs, all rights reserved. Powered by Madgex Job Board Software
-->
-->
\n