alJazeera Jobs - Store Manager - Victoria's Secret Full Assortment - Dubai
Jobs in Qatar, Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, Oman, Bahrain, Dubai, Abu Dhabi by alJazeera Jobs
Select Language
English
Francais
Deutsch
عربي
Español
Português
Русский
Nederlands
Türkçe
اردو
Contact alJazeera Jobs Bahrain: (+973) 16199-113
Serving Arabian Gulf Job Seekers since 2007, alJazeera Jobs
is the established, trusted and leading provider of Jobs in
, , , ,
and .
Subscribe to our custom developed Candidate
Management Service to proactively place your details in Arabic
and English into the HR systems of the leading employers in
the Gulf. Jump to the head of the queue and get hired, sign-up
.
JOB SEARCH
I'm looking for...
In location
Select Country
Saudi Arabia
UAE
Kuwait
Qatar
Bahrain
Oman
other
ACCOUNT MANAGEMENT:
|
Store Manager - Victoria's Secret Full Assortment - Dubai
30 Apr 2014 02:39 AM - UAE
Store Manager - Victoria's Secret Full Assortment - DubaiApply now Job no: 774346Location: Dubai The Dubai Mall Victoria's Secret Victoria's Secret is the leading specialist retailer of lingerie and beauty products, dominating the market with modern, fashion-inspired collections, fragrances, cosmetics, celebrated supermodels and world-famous runway shows and creating products on the forefront of fashion and innovation. The vision of the business is to create a brand with high emotional content that makes woman feel alluring, sophisticated and forever young – It is all about her! Victoria's Secret delivers a best-in-class, captivating branded customer experience that builds loyalty, not just through the product but through the customer service experience provided by the in store staff. The Role:Your role will be to maximise store contribution by proactively driving sales, reducing stock loss and managing controllable costs. Motivating and developing your team members will be integral to your role whilst ensuring the store complies with all company regulations and procedures.Qualifications & Requirements:• Proven store management experience.• Retail fashion or Health & Beauty management experience.• Excellent English skills.• Good numerical, analytic, interpersonal and (more...)
ASY
Advertisement
|
|
|
|
|
All rights reserved - AlJazeeraJobs ® is a registered trade mark and unauthorised usage is strictly prohibited.
|
, , , , ,