Sales Engineer, chemicals Job in Beirut - Bayt.com
OK
Cancel
Loading...
Loading...
Jobs
Jobs
Salaries
People Companies Specialties
- All -
- All -Algeria (12)Bahrain (115)Dubai (1556)Egypt (497)Iraq (81)Jordan (391)Kuwait (740)Lebanon (250)Libya (16)Morocco (12)Oman (96)Pakistan (34)Qatar (1061)Saudi Arabia (2775)Sri Lanka (64)Tunisia (6)UAE (3584)Yemen (3)
Loading...
Menu - []
›
› Job Description
Sales Engineer, chemicals
Confidential Company - ,
Date Posted: 2014/04/30 03:19:10
Ref. JB3041466
Job Description
Responsible for developing sales of raw materials and ingredients to the detergent, cosmetics and food industry.
Constantly interacting with prospects and maintaining cordial business relationships with key clients
Responsible prospecting the market to find new potential customers with the objective to increase sales.
Responsible for providing the customer with the technical support relative to the use of the product sold and reporting accuratelly potential problems.
Responsible for preparing quarterly sales forecasts and intentifying areas of growth.
Keeping the customer database up to date. Reporting relevant technical and commercial information.
Skills
Business Development, Key Accounts Management, Communication & Interpersonal, Leadership, Analytical Thinking Skills
Fluent in English or French,
This job is posted in the following Specialties:
Education
Degree in chemistry or related field
Job Details
Job Location:
Beirut, Lebanon
Company Industry:
Industrial; Sales
Company Type:
Employer (Private Sector)
Job Role:
Sales
Joining Date:
2014-05-01
Employment Status:
Full time
Employment Type:
Employee
Monthly Salary Range:
Unspecified
Manages Others:
Unspecified
Number of Vacancies:
1
Preferred Candidate
Career Level:
Mid Career
Years of Experience:
Min: 2 Max: 5
Residence Location:
Beirut,Lebanon
Gender:
Unspecified
Nationality:
Lebanon
Degree:
Bachelor's degree / higher diploma
Date Posted: 2014/04/30 03:19:10
Ref. JB3041466
Similar Jobs
Confidential Company - ,
Recommended Courses
Invite Your
Friends to Bayt.com
Find Jobs
About Bayt.com
Bayt.com is the leading job site in the Gulf and Middle East, connecting job seekers with employers looking to hire.
Every day, thousands of new job vacancies are listed on the award-winning platform from the region's top employers.
Company
Quick Links
Follow
© 2000-2014 Bayt.com, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
-
Reproduction of material from any Bayt.com pages without written permission is strictly prohibited.t varies from industry to other industries," he said.The number of ICT businesses grew by 181, the sciences' cluster saw 57 new businesses, the education cluster added 67 companies while the media cluster saw 233 business partners.Dubai Internet City also inaugurated In5, a start-up innovation centre providing mentorship, support and a dynamic and engaging working environment to entrepreneurs and small businesses.In order to meet the growing demand, the Tecom Investments subsidiary is building four new commercial projects at the cost of Dh1 billion which will add over one million square feet of space across it free zones.Tecom Business Parks include Dubai Internet City and Dubai Outsource Zone, together forming an ICT Cluster; Dubai Media City, Dubai Studio City and the International Media Production Zone, make up the Media Cluster; Dubai Knowledge Village and Dubai International Academic City, creating an Education cluster; and DuBiotech and Enpark, forming the Sciences Cluster.
© Emirates 24|7
2014
© Copyright Zawya. All Rights Reserved.
Post Your Comment
Your first name
Your last name
Email address
Express your views or tell us more about this article
By ticking this you confirm that you've read
Post It
Sending ...
People Who Read This Also Read
Related to this article
News
Advertisement
Most Popular
Advertisement
Editor's pick
There is hope that warring leaders can put aside tribal rivalry and help the country emerge as a new investment hotspot.
Differences between the United States and Saudi Arabia over Middle East policy persist, despite attempts to shore up their...
The growing consumption in the region, if not managed, threatens to sap the competitiveness and economic growth of these...
Advertisement
Send This Article To Your Friends
All fields are required.
Friend's Email Address
Use commas for multiple email addresses
Your Email Address
We'll use your email address to send the article on your behalf and it will not be collected or used for any other purposes.
Your Name
Personalise Your Message
Enter the characters shown above
You entered the wrong text, please try again.
Copy Yourself
Send Article
Your email has been sent
Zawya Comment Policy
Zawya encourages you to add a comment to this discussion. You agree that when you add content to this discussion your comments will not:
1.1   Contain any material which is libelous or defamatory of any person, is obscene, offensive, hateful or inflammatory or causes damage to the reputation of any person or organisation.1.2   Promote sexually explicit material, violence, discrimination based on race, sex, religion, nationality, disability, sexual orientation or age or any illegal activity.1.3   Be made in breach of any legal duty owed to a third party, such as a contractual duty or a duty of confidence.1.4   Be threatening, abuse or invade another's privacy, or cause annoyance, inconvenience or needless anxiety.1.5   Be used to impersonate any person, to misrepresent your identity or affiliation with any person, or be likely to deceive any person.1.6   Give the impression that they represent Zawya.1.7   Advocate, promote or assist any unlawful act such as (by way of example only) copyright infringement or computer misuse.
The content posted on
is created by members of the public. The views expressed are theirs and unless specifically stated are not those of Zawya. Zawya reserves the right to review all comments prior to posting and edit or delete any contribution, but Zawya is not responsible for and can not be held liable for any content posted by members of the public on .
Zawya is not responsible for the availability or content of any third party sites that are accessible through . Any links to third party websites from
do not amount to any endorsement of that site by Zawya and any use of that site by you is at your own risk.
By submitting your comment, you hereby give Zawya the right, but not the obligation, to post, air, edit, exhibit, telecast, webcast, re-use, publish, reproduce, use, license, print, distribute or otherwise use your comments worldwide, in perpetuity.
Top Stories
Markets
Exclusive
Multimedia
Companies
Research
Special Research Providers
Projects
Investments
Islamic Finance
Resources
My Zawya
Customer Support
+971 4 453 6320
Editorial / PR Enquiries
Membership Enquiries
+971 4 453 6768
Advertising Enquiries
+971 4 453 6782
Follow Us
Copyright © 2014 Zawya. All Rights Reserved.
Quote data provided by © Thomson Reuters
This site works best with Internet Explorer 7+, Mozilla Firefox 5.0+ and the latest versions of Google Chrome, Opera & Apple Safari.