Primary KS1 and KS2 Teachers - Dubai - August 2014 jobs, Dubai, £1400 per month + Tax Free, accommodation, flights + more | Guardian Jobs
Primary KS1 and KS2 Teachers - Dubai - August 2014
Employer:
Posted:
29 April 2014
Ref:
11420
Contact:
Iain Hunter-White
Location:
Dubai
Industry:
Level:
Graduate
Contract:
Permanent
Hours:
Full Time
Salary:
£1400 per month + Tax Free, accommodation, flights + more
People who viewed this job also viewed
£17520 - £28800 per annum + Tax Free, accommodation, flights + more
£19000 - £22000 per annum + Competitive Tax Free Salary + Benefits
£18000 - £22000 per annum + Tax Free, Accommodation, Flights + Others
Excellent tax-free salary, Furnished Accommodation, Baggage Allowance, Medical Insurance, Annual Air Ticket & Paid Annual Vacations
Competitive tax free salary, individual fully furnished accommodation, free schooling for up to two children, private medical insurance, annual airfares to country of residence, and end of Service Gratuity
Required: August 2014Curriculum: American Location: Dubai, UAEExperience: 1 YearSponsorship: SingleContract: Two Year RenewableThis is an exciting opportunity for teachers considering their international position, the school provides the opportunity to work with local teachers and management which will broaden your skill base and expertise while educating young eager students in an ESL environment. There are 1700 students from KG to Grade 12, and the campus is divided into 4 areas; KG, Elementary, Male and Female High School. This is an amazing opportunity to immerse into the local community to help the school achieve its goal by educating and developing young Emiratis into well groomed and knowledgeable citizens, broadening their perspective, while preserving their local heritage.Requirements:Bachelor's degree in Primary Education or equivalent.Applicants must demonstrate outstanding communication skills, flexibility and creativity. Previous experience in an ESL environment will be beneficial. Strong NQTs will be considered.Package:Tax free salary, shared accommodation, paid utility bills, annual flights and local medical insurance make up the employment package.
You should never need to provide bank account details or any other financial information, or make any
form of payment, when applying for a job. If you are ever asked to do this by a recruiter on our
site please email
© 2008 - 2014 Guardian News and Media Limited, all rights reserved. Powered by Madgex .
This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies.