Technical Support Engineer - Elevator Maintenance jobs in Executive Solutions in Dubai - United Arab Emirates - Naukrigulf.com
Job Seekers Login:
|
Javascript is disabled.
Please enable javascript in your browser if you wish to apply to this job.
Apply Unsuccessful.
Your application for the job could not be completed because you have not provided the additional information requested by the Employer
Technical Support Engineer - Elevator Maintenance
at Executive Solutions in
-
Posted: Apr 29, 2014 Exp:
5 - 10
yrs.
| Salary: $2001 - $4000
| Opening(s): 1
Education: Basic - Bachelor of Technology/Engineering(Mechanical)
Nationality: Any Nationality
Industry Type:
/
Functional Area:
/
/
Your Message could not be sent.
Your message has been sent
Job Description
Share
Recruiting for a Technical Support Engineer to be based within the Dubai head office.
The company is a large multinational world leader of lifts/elevators working across the UAE.
The role will be based within the ITS support team in order to provide prompt, knowledgeable, courteous computing support services over the phone, via email and via Skype. Candidates will be expected to travel on site should further support be required. As part of a regional team candidates may be required to travel to other emirates for up to 2 days at a time therefore no travel restrictions must be in place.
Relevant qualification within field will be required including but not limited to mechanical engineering, computer technology, and electrical engineering. As part of the support team a strong knowledge of technical processes, systems and equipment is mandatory.
Main duties and responsibilities:
• Provide engineering technical support via phone, Skype or email
• Troubleshoot equipment and systems
• Provide assistance solutions when systems breakdown including onsite as required
• Prepare and advise on training material
• Provide training both theoretical and practical as required
• Training of new and entry level engineers and technicians in installations and service
• Produce the writing documentation for all modification and repair in elevator PWB and system
• Recommending any changes for replacements parts in circuitry or elevator component in order to reduce the breakdown time and simplify maintenance
Desired Candidate Profile
Essential:
• Strong knowledge of technical processes, systems and equipment
• Bachelor in Engineering or relevant field
• At least 5 years experience in similar role
• IT proficiency in Microsoft packages
• Fluent and clear spoken English
Desirable:
• Any additional languages
Keyword: engineering technical support elevators ITS mitsubishi hitachi thyssenkrupp KONE schindler OTIS troubleshoot
|
Additional Information for this Job
Employer has requested some additional information along with your
Application for this Job* Mandatory fields
*
Q1:
Do you have BA in engineering or similar?
Yes
No
*
Q2:
Do you have at least 5 years experience in similar role?
Yes
No
*
Q3:
Do you have experience within elevator maintenance?
Yes
No
Company Profile
Recruitment Consultancy based in Dubai
Contact Details
Name/ Designation: Zoe -
LandLine: +971 (0) 4
4489 730
Fax: 971--
Mob.: 971--
Disclaimer: Naukrigulf.com is only a platform to bring jobseekers & employers together. Applicants are advised to research the bonafides of the prospective employer independently. We do NOT endorse any requests for money payments and strictly advice against sharing personal or bank related information.We also recommend you visit
for more information. If you suspect any fraud or malpractice, email us at
To*
From*
Subject*
Email:
Password:
Upload a latest profile photo
A CV with photo has 40% higher chances of getting noticed by employers
Upload Profile Photo
This is how your profile photo will look like.To make adjustments, you can drag around and resize the yellow dashed-square on the right panel.
When you are satisfied with your photo click the "Save Photo" button.
Browse Jobs by
Jobs By Location
Jobs By Category
Job Seekers
Recruiters
Partner Sites
Company
Information
All rights reserved © 2001-
2014 Info Edge (India) Ltd.