Pastry Sous Chef : Another job on . Hotel jobs, global hospitality jobs, jobs in Dubai and catering jobs from Hozpitality.com
Pastry Sous Chef
Industry:, , Department:Level:, Location:, ,
Salary Description:
Excellent salary + Benefits
Posted:
29/04/2014
Recruiter:
Job Ref:
APR-162014
Azamara Club Cruises (RCCL) is looking for dynamic, top-quality individuals to join their expanding family. As an industry leader in service and innovation, they provide a working environment that fosters career growth and development for their onboard team members. With a fleet of innovative cruise ships, each offering guests a premium vacation experience, there are almost countless opportunities to join them at sea. Join Azamara Club Cruises team today as a Pastry Sous Chef.POSITION SUMMARYAssists the Executive Chef in the supervision of the Pastry/Bakery operation on a day-to-day basis inaccordance with the company policies.ESSENTIAL DUTIES & RESPONSIBILITIESTo support Azamara Club Cruises' mission of sustaining an upmarket cruise experience with adestination-driven brand image. All duties and responsibilities are to be performed in accordance with theAMAZE Standards, Safety is Everybody's Business, ISM/ISO and SQM standards, USPH guidelines, andenvironmental regulations.Each shipboard employee may be required to perform all functions in various service venues andthroughout the ship.In accordance with Azamara Club Cruises’ AMAZE Standards each employee 1. conducts oneselfin a professional and courteous manner at all times. This consists of physical andverbal interactions with guests or fellow shipboard employees and/or in the presence of guestcontact and crew areas.2. Directs, coaches, supports, supervises and evaluates (in conjunction with the Executive Chef) theperformance of all direct reports and accountable to train the Assistant Pastry Chef.3. Participates in the daily Executive Chef / Executive Sous Chef meeting and prepares the dailypreparation forecast and requisitions.4. Keeps the Executive Chef informed of any problems or daily needs.5. Follows company’s recipes master list to ensure all pastries are tasty and presented according tothe provided photos using proper yields and portion control.6. Responsible for pastry shop food cost, ensuring it falls meets the ship’s budget.7. Has a complete knowledge of the United States Public Health rules and regulations and ensuresthat they are followed throughout the pastry shop on a daily basis.8. Responsible for the set-up of the pastry display in all of the buffets.9. Schedules the pastry shop personnel, assigning specific duties and time off.10. Establishes and maintains a training program for all pastry personnel with emphasis on theirspecific jobs and United States Public Health rules and regulations.11. Responsible for the control and maintenance of all equipment in the pastry shop and reports anydamages or malfunctions doing the necessary follow up.12. Ensures that all pastry personnel are in proper, well-maintained uniforms, with special attentionto those working in public areas. Personal appearance and hygiene must conform tocompany policy. Notifies the Executive Chef/Executive Sous Chef of any cases of disciplinaryissues or poor performance.13. Ensures that pastry shop is prepared for any announced or unannounced USPH inspections eithermade by the ship’s management or USPH inspectors.14. Must be present to conduct an inspection of the pastry shop prior to arrival in any U.S. port.15. Has a thorough understanding of Time and Attendance procedures, shipboard training, and isfamiliar with the contracts and work schedule hours/week and supporting documentation.16. Is aware of, and/or acquires the necessary knowledge to comply with the ship’s standardoperation, in order to assist guests and crew with inquiries.17. Attends meetings, training activities, courses and all other work-related activities as required.18. Accountable to handover to the joining Pastry Chef and submitting report to the Corporate PastryChef.19. Performs related duties as required. This position description in no way states or implies thatthese are the only duties to be performed by the shipboard employee occupying this position.Shipboard employees will be required to perform any other job-related duties assigned by theirsupervisor or management.FINANCIAL RESPONSIBILITIESFinancial responsibilities for budget, expenses and/or achievement of revenue targets. This position is responsible for cost containment through the proper use, handling andmaintenance of records, reports, supplies and equipment. Manages and maintains departmental finances within budgetary requirements. Ensures that all communication costs are kept under control. Ensures that guests are charged for pertinent special requests and services. Reviews timesheets and forwards to the Executive Chef/Executive Sous Chef forapproval. Prepares a variety of reports and letters utilizing personal computer systemand equipment. Reviews requisitions and forwards to the Executive Chef/Executive Sous Chef forapproval. Requires the items be requisitioned in correct quantities, within acceptabletimeframes and in accordance with established control procedures. Conductsworkstation spot checks to ensure items are correctly cleaned and stored to minimizedeterioration and waste.MOTIVATIONAL RESPONSIBILITIESPeople management responsibilities to ensure optimal performance of the function. Monitors and manages the various assigned workstation functions. Monitors theassignment of duties and responsibilities to his/her staff. Observes and evaluates staffand work procedures to ensure quality standards and service are met. Makesrecommendations regarding personnel actions such as new hire requests and discharges,to ensure adequate and continuous staffing. Inspects workstations, work areas,equipment, etc. to ensure efficient service and conformance to standards. Mentors, develops and provides on-the-job training to his/her staff to strengthen theircurrent performance and preparation for future advancement.QUALIFICATIONSMinimum of five years experience as a Pastry Chef, 2 years as Pastry Sous Chef in an upscale hotel, resort, cruise ship or convention banqueting service (shipboard experience preferred). Culinary School degree required. Very strong management skills in a multicultural and dynamic environment. Very strong communication, problem solving, decision making, and interpersonal skills.
Alternative Job Searches
Contact Details:
Tel: 971-43259173
Contact: HR Department
You may return to your current .
Featured Recruiters
Copyright © 2009 - 2014 Hozpitality. Design by
|
Jobweb
is developed by the Strategies Group Ltd.
Follow Strategies on Google+
Supported by
> Pastry Sous Chef