Job - PRO, UAE Job - 12842590 | TweetMyJobs
Follow Us
LanguageEnglish
Español
PRO, UAE Job Job Listing at SAP in Dubai
(Job ID 00CED990-655D-4)
SAP
Location: Dubai
Application deadline: None
Type: Not specified
Career Level: Not specified
Salary Range: Not specified
Number of Jobs: 1
Relocation Available: No
for SAP
Email this job:
Industries
Technology, Business Services
Description
Ref-Code: AE-58752874-EN-14-003Work area: Human ResourcesExpected travel: 0% - 0%Career status: Employment type: Regular Full TimeCOMPANY DESCRIPTION SAP is the global market leader for business software and thus contributes a considerable part of the world's economic power grid. At SAP you get your chance to put your ideas into action with maximum impact.To provide SAP MENA the services related to government regulations and approvals and at the same time to contribute/assist in the office operations whenever required.EXPECTATIONS AND TASKS- To submit and ensure the processing of all types of applications and paperwork to the local government bodies, including but not limited to visit visas, employment or residence visas, car registrations, Trade License, labor permits, export license, economic license, foreign license, etc. - To proactively manage the timely renewal of all Employment Visas and Labor Permits. - Assist employees in renewing visas for their immediate dependants. - To assist all GM sponsored staff and their dependents in the medical check process. - Send employees a notification on documentation required prior to their visa/labor card expiring. - Manage the visa checklist as when the rules on visa/labor changes. - Assist the company and the employees with visa arrangements in Embassies. - To maintain database of all passports and residence visas by scanning all documents and directly updating the database when details change. - Maintain and update the Freezone site on a regular basis by checking for expiry on CEC /gate pass/export licenses /portal accounts and ensure to manage the minimum required fund on the portal. - To renew all company related licenses prior to their expiry date. - Send out notifications on documentation required to renew trade licenses and complete surveys, etc. required by the government bodies at the time of license renewals. - Submit detailed reports related to visa expenses to the finance department. - To submit required documentation to the banks and process bank transactions as advised by the Regional Finance Manager. - Assist in company errands when required to.WORK EXPERIENCE- Minimum 4 years experience in a government liaison role/PRO in the UAE (Dubai & Media City Free zone).EDUCATION AND QUALIFICATION / SKILLS AND COMPETENCIES- Very good oral and written communication skills in English and Arabic. - Proficient typing skills in English and Arabic. - High level of interpersonal skills to work effectively particularly with local government bodies. - Excellent organization skills. - Good computer skills. - College graduate, preferably Bachelor's degree. - Knowledge and experience on the portal system usage (Immigration and Media City Free zone). - With a valid UAE driver's license.
Get alerts for jobs like this:
Please complete at least one of the following fields
Any Industry
Accounting/Auditing
Administrative/Clerical
Advertising
Aerospace & Defense
Agriculture/Forestry
Apparel/Textiles
Architecture
Arts
Automotive
Banking
Biotechnology
Business Development/Sales
Computers & Information Technology
Construction
Consulting
Consumer Goods
Customer Service
Design
Distribution
Education
Electronics
Energy/Utilities
Engineering
Entertainment
Environmental/Green
Equipment
Events
Fashion
Film
Finance
Food & Beverage
Government
Healthcare
Hospitality
Hotel
Human resources
Import-Export
Insurance
Internet
Law/Legal Services
Management
Manufacturing
Marketing
Media
Medical
Military
Mining
Museum
Music
Nonprofit
Other
Pharmaceutical
Printing/Publishing
Public relations
Radio
Real Estate/Property Management
Recreation
Restaurant
Retail
Science/Research
Security
Skilled Labor/Trades
Social Services
Software Development
Sports
Staffing/Employment
Storage
Technology
Telecommunications
Television
Transportation
Travel/tourism
Veterinary
Wholesale
Zoo
Email
Mobile
Twitter
Get jobs like this tweeted to you:
View similar jobs:
Emerson - Dubai, United Arab Emirates
IHG - Dubai, United Arab Emirates
IHG - Dubai, United Arab Emirates
Locate this job:
|    |    |    |    |    |    |    |  TweetMyJobs® is a service provided by © 2014 CareerArc Group LLC. All rights reserved. Patent Pending.