Exclusive Trade Finance Meeting in Dubai, for global specialists! - Banking & Finance Blog
Main menu
Africa: Banking, Insurance, Legal & Finance Matters
Search for:
by
Exclusive Trade Finance Meeting in Dubai, for global specialists!
The Dubai Chamber will collaborate with the International Chamber of Commerce (ICC) Banking Commission, to organise one of the most prestigious bi-annual meetings in Dubai! The 4-day meeting which ends tomorrow (30th April 2014), is being attended by business associates, finance experts, banking professionals, lawyers and government officials from over 50 countries globally. The exclusive event has a guest list of over 400 people. Who is the ICC Banking Commission?
They consist of about 600 members from the banking and finance industry, across 100 countries globally and are thus essentially the world’s banking rule-making authority. The commission was founded 80 years ago and since then, has gained a global recognition as the most authoritative corporation within this specialised field of trade finance. Purpose of the meeting in Dubai:
The meeting is aptly themed and titled “Dubai 2014 – Gateway to Sustainable Trade and Development.”
Identify and tackle issues: The meeting allows all attendees from their respective banking and finance sectors to engage each other in discussing challenges faced by the trade finance sector, and ways in which to overcome these identified challenges. Bolster relations: The event will encourage Dubai Chamber and the ICC Banking Commission to consolidate cooperation ties.
Topics to be discussed:
New engines of growth in trade finance Value creation opportunities Prospects for the industry Harmonization of business practices The development of a common terminology for supply chain finance The impact of compliance requirements and sanctions on business
Dubai Chamber of Commerce Building The ICC Regional Banking Commission Middle East and North Africa (MENA) was launched in the emirate last year, to consolidate Dubai’s position as a global business hub. The reason behind the launch was twofold:
Consolidate efforts in the MENA region Opportunity for Dubai Chamber to play a broader role in meeting increasing demands for up-to-date trade finance information, as well as policy and market intelligence.
Oh, what I would give, to be an attendee at this meeting! The trade finance discussions with banking and finance industry experts as well as their plans to address the global financial crisis would definitely something I would like to have been privy to. I guess I will have to wait with bated breath once the minutes of the meeting is released to the public. In the meantime, have a look at the
to read further on the meeting in Dubai. One thing’s certain though – all financial eyes and ears are watching. Thank you for reading! Follow my social media activity on
and .
Finance Headhunter & Recruitment Associate The CA Global Banking, Insurance, Legal & Finance division is a division Related Posts
Share this article:Like this:Like Loading...
This entry was posted in ,
and tagged , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . Bookmark the .
Post navigation
What did you think of this article?
Follow Us!Subscribe to my Blog
Enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email.
Latest Posts
Blog Archives
(1)  (6)  (10)  (10)  (8)  (7)  (14)  (17)  (7)  (4)  (14)  (18)  (21)  (21)
Recent TweetsArticle Calendar May 2014
M T W T F S S
1234
67891011
12131415161718
19202122232425
262728293031
My Blog\'s Global ReachTotal Visit: 150867
© Banking & Finance Blog
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
%d bloggers like this: