GulfTalent.com
Head of HR (Food Manufacturing)
Focus Management Consultants Limited (FMCL)
Dubai, UAE
Posted on: 29 Apr 2014
THE ROLE
Expand all
Salary: £70,000 - £90,000 (TAX FREE plus bonus & benefits)
Head of HR responsible for multiple functions required for major, profitable FMCG manufacturer in Dubai, UAE. Tax Free opportunity!
We have recently been tasked with finding a high calibre Head of HR who has considerable food manufacturing experience and is able to deal with both factory and managerial HR Issues by providing a level of support and strategy to multiple functions. You will have a team of seven compromising a mixture of HR Managers and Administration and you will be responsible for designing, re-designing and defining areas regarding administration, general HR and strategic HR. This role however is a very hand’s on role. You will be expected to not simply create HR strategies but also ensure that these are being implemented on the factory floor. You will also be responsible for identifying any HR issues pertaining to the manufacturing unit from your observations and providing effective solutions accordingly.
Our client is a large multi-national business that operates across a number of different categories. The business has recently invested heavily into the manufacturing facility of this business unit and are experiencing profitable growth.
REQUIREMENTS
To be considered for this role it is essential that you are degree educated and hold significant experience within the food industry and the HR function. It is imperative that you have strong understanding and experience within the manufacturing of food products, yet have the ability to strategically support all functions.
The role healthily compensates you with an excellent TAX FREE salary package alongside additional bonuses and benefits.
Our client is seeking an immediate appointment but is adamant that they will only hire the right candidate. If you have the relevant Human Resources experience and would like to join a forward thinking, growing business within a tax free environment, don’t delay in sending your CV today!
ABOUT THE COMPANY
Focus Management Consultants Ltd (FMCL) commands a premier position in the Food and Drink recruitment industry.
Working in long term partnership with many leading manufacturers, retailers and foodservice organisations, it has developed a strong credibility in its sector for high performance standards and results delivery.
Established in 1990 in the recruitment sector, it is comprised of seven specialist divisions each offering a bespoke, confidential and targeted response to client needs, and offers candidates a route through to the leading employers in their chosen industry.
FMCL is a founding member of the International Food Recruitment Alliance, with International food recruitment partners in Denmark, France, Germany, Holland, Poland and
Spain.
Send
Candidates who applied for this job also applied for:
|
|