GulfTalent.com
HR Manager
Charterhouse
Dubai, UAE
Posted on: 29 Apr 2014
THE ROLE
Expand all
HR Manager (3 Month Contract)
Charterhouse is working with an award winning global architectural firm based in Dubai. Our client is looking to hire an experienced HR Manager who is immediately available and committed to a contract role expected to last approximately 3 months to cover an absence.
Reporting to the Managing Director, you will manage the entire HR function and look after a small HR team. You will be responsible for the daily operations of the office and also work closely with the finance department regarding the processing of the employees’ monthly payroll. You will develop and implement policies and procedures and address day to day employee relation issues. Additionally, you will be involved in key recruitment projects, terminations and performance management.
REQUIREMENTS
The successful candidate should have experience of working as an HR Generalist along with a local familiarity and knowledge of UAE labour laws. You should possess a mature and professional attitude. It is essential you are committed to the full duration of the assignment and available to start immediately. Our client will not provide a visa for this role therefore only candidates on their husband’s or father’s sponsorship should apply.
ABOUT THE COMPANY
During the last ten years, Charterhouse has been operating across Dubai, Abu Dhabi and the GCC Markets. In many ways, we were the recruiter who established and set the standards within the regional recruitment industry benchmarking and innovating the service levels associated to Search and Selection.
Charterhouse understands the dynamics attached to talent acquisition, relationship management and the required service levels within the regional industry. Our heritage is now our main strength as we continue to work within our core markets to deliver key account management and strong contingency recruitment practices to our clients and candidates.
Send
Candidates who applied for this job also applied for:
|
|