GulfTalent.com
Head of Training
Horwath Mak Executive Resourcing
Dubai, UAE
Posted on: 29 Apr 2014
THE ROLE
Expand all
The Head of Training will report to the Group HR Head and will be an integral member of the executive team. He or she will manage and take full responsibility for all training of our client’s large volume retail operations in Dubai and KSA. This will involve developing employee’s competencies to the highest levels of effectiveness and professionalism whilst ensuring a high level of company loyalty throughout our client’s organization. Additionally the successful candidate will continually assess and evaluate training needs and develop training programs in line with our client’s corporate standards and tools. The Training Manager will also be required to ensure training budgets are adhered too and be creative in implementing innovative career succession and development programs throughout all levels of our client’s company.
REQUIREMENTS
- The successful candidate will have at least 10 years’ of Human Resources Development /
Training experience working in a multinational fast moving retailers.
- He or she will be a mature professional with significant expertise in training and Human Resource Development strategies with proven accomplishments.
- Additionally the Training Manager will have very good English abilities, be able to not only lead but facilitate training programs and most importantly understand the challenges and intricacies of large scale retail and exceptional customer service standards.
ABOUT THE COMPANY
Horwath Mak Executive Resourcing is a business unit of Crowe Horwath International, a leading provider of global executive resourcing services with a twenty-five year presence in the Middle East and Africa. We are among the top 10 global accounting networks, consisting of over 140 independent accounting and advisory service firms, with close to 640 offices and 28,000 professionals.
We work as a team, combining our industry expertise, global reach and specialized services to our clients. With a rich resource base and a keen desire to invest in our people, we help in contributing to the value to both private, as well as public companies.
Send
Candidates who applied for this job also applied for:
|
|