Sales Ladies Job in Kuwait - Abdulrahman Al Bisher & Zaid Al Kazemi Group - Bayt.com
OK
Cancel
Loading...
Loading...
Jobs
Jobs
Salaries
People Companies Specialties
- All -
- All -Algeria (12)Bahrain (115)Dubai (1557)Egypt (501)Iraq (81)Jordan (391)Kuwait (742)Lebanon (250)Libya (16)Morocco (12)Oman (96)Pakistan (34)Qatar (1059)Saudi Arabia (2772)Sri Lanka (0)Tunisia (6)UAE (3585)Yemen (3)
Loading...
Menu - []
›
› Job Description
Sales Ladies
-
Date Posted: 2014/04/29 09:46:43
Ref. JB3045377
Job Description
Looking for Professional Sales Ladies for Tiffany & Co. in Kuwait with the below requirements.
1.	Prepare the boutique for welcoming customers: checking the showcases, displays, monitor cleanliness and tidiness of the boutique at all times, and assure the inventory count.
2.	Reconcile the previous night sales reports
3.	Check the log book /communication book on any pending issue to follow up on
4.	Greeting and welcoming customers, followed by attending the customers and provide excellent customer service and product knowledge
5.	Portraying an immaculate grooming and appearance look
6.	Always being well aware of price and products specifications before communicating it to customers, by first checking the label
7.	Preparing daily sales and cash reports to management
8.	Following the boutique manager instruction /Shift Supervisor, related to cash deposit, money exchange, bank deposit, Contact the Workshop for jewellery repairs, etc.
9.	Maintaining the safe room and boutique displays.
10.	Responding to any management project when assigned (attending events and trainings)
11.	Maintaining, developing and building a strategic relationships with customers
12.	Meeting the monthly sales target as communicated by boutique manager
Skills
- Customer service skills
- Interpersonal communication skills
- People oriented
- Positive attitude
- Be able to network and negotiate
- Team player
Requirements:
•	Carrying at least Secondary School Certificate
•	At least one year of experience in Luxury Retail – Preferable in Jewellery
•	Females only
•	Age from 22 years till 32 years
•	Nationality: Lebanese, Syrian, and Egyptian
•	Transferable residence
Job Details
Job Location:
Kuwait
Company Industry:
Retail/Wholesale; Sales; Customer Service
Company Type:
Employer (Private Sector)
Job Role:
Sales
Joining Date:
Unspecified
Employment Status:
Full time
Employment Type:
Employee
Monthly Salary Range:
Unspecified
Manages Others:
Unspecified
Number of Vacancies:
6
Preferred Candidate
Career Level:
Mid Career
Years of Experience:
Min: 1
Residence Location:
Kuwait
Gender:
Female
Nationality:
Egypt; Lebanon; Syria
Degree:
Certification / diploma
About This Company
As per the far vision and the true intention of the two friends Haj Abdul Rahman Al-Bisher and Haj Zaid Al-Kazemi. The year 1959 has gone carrying to the world the emergence of a new star in the Kuwait market.Al-Bisher & Al-Kazemi Group of companies have successfully positioned itself as a leading group of companies with a number of specialist companies strategically located throughout the country and offering their services to all the retail & wholesale market in the areaFrom a small work shed in the deserts of Kuwait that was to become Shuwaikh industrial area Mr. Abdul Rahman Al Bisher and Mr. Zaid Al Kazemi planned to fulfill their vision of brining Mercedes Benz to Kuwait Then and after a long trip casualed with insistence and conscious from Kuwait , Iraq , Lebanon to Germany and back again through the same to Kuwait With just six cars and five employees Mr. Abdul Rahman Al Bisher and Mr. Zaid Al Kazemi introduced to Kuwait the Automobile that is synonymous with Luxury, Prestige and Value: Mercedes-Benz
Date Posted: 2014/04/29 09:46:43
Ref. JB3045377
Similar Jobs
Confidential Company - ,
Recommended Courses
Invite Your
Friends to Bayt.com
Find Jobs
About Bayt.com
Bayt.com is the leading job site in the Gulf and Middle East, connecting job seekers with employers looking to hire.
Every day, thousands of new job vacancies are listed on the award-winning platform from the region's top employers.
Company
Quick Links
Follow
© 2000-2014 Bayt.com, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
-
Reproduction of material from any Bayt.com pages without written permission is strictly prohibited.