Sr. Planning/Scheduling Engineer Job in Cairo - Qatar Petroleum International - Bayt.com
OK
Cancel
Loading...
Loading...
Jobs
Jobs
Salaries
People Companies Specialties
- All -
- All -Algeria (12)Bahrain (115)Dubai (1557)Egypt (501)Iraq (81)Jordan (391)Kuwait (742)Lebanon (250)Libya (16)Morocco (12)Oman (96)Pakistan (34)Qatar (1059)Saudi Arabia (2772)Sri Lanka (0)Tunisia (6)UAE (3585)Yemen (3)
Loading...
Menu - []
›
› Job Description
Sr. Planning/Scheduling Engineer
- ,
Date Posted: 2014/04/29 09:45:18
Ref. JB2961092
Job Description
Purpose of the Job
• Direct and supervise the subordinates of the project Planning and scheduling
and coordinate with other Engineers to ensure that all project facilities are properly supported by necessary resources, plans, and materials
to ensure safe, reliable and project schedule
for all project’s milestones specially interfacing plans between process lines and all supported utilities
Key Accountabilities
Main Duties and Responsibilities
• Provide leadership in the development of a planning and management system and the setting up of procedures and schedules for all required for the project activities.
This involves close collaboration with a wide range of projects engineers and contractors related all SAP, IT, Infrastructure and management parties and others.
• Coordinates with all Engineers to develop project planning during all design stages of Petrochemical Ventures Project Execution (PVE) are implemented in the projects in a systematic way.
• Liaises with Project Engineers, other Discipline Engineers and End Users in order to update cost effective, safe and fit-for-purpose design planning.
• Contributes towards updating Discipline Engineering Codes, Standards, Specifications and Philosophies.
• Schedule Developer and Coordinator of project scheduling efforts.
Advisor to the Project Team relative to schedule
Skills
Qualifications & Experience
Minimum Qualifications and Knowledge:
• S.C. in engineering discipline.
• 12-15 years experience in the Oil and Gas Industry including practical experience in maintenance planning and scheduling, work control, contracting and budgetary and cost control procedures.
• Strong working knowledge of MS Office applications and specialized planning software including SAP and other turnaround software.
• In-depth knowledge of planning tools, techniques and philosophy.
• Strong organizational, project management and time management skills.
• Scheduling experience on major EPC projects, with multiple contractor organizations.
• Working knowledge of schedule development and control methods and principles
• Technical and interpersonal skills to interact and assist FEED / EPC contractor’s personnel in planning and scheduling areas.
Job Details
Job Location:
Cairo, Egypt
Company Industry:
Oil/Gas
Company Type:
Employer (Private Sector)
Job Role:
Engineering
Joining Date:
Unspecified
Employment Status:
Unspecified
Employment Type:
Unspecified
Monthly Salary Range:
Unspecified
Manages Others:
Unspecified
Number of Vacancies:
1
Preferred Candidate
Career Level:
Mid Career
Years of Experience:
Unspecified
Residence Location:
Unspecified
Gender:
Unspecified
Nationality:
Egypt
Degree:
Unspecified
About This Company
Since 2006, Qatar Petroleum International Ltd (QPI) has already built an impressive multi-billion dollar portfolio of investments in the global energy market. Investing in upstream, gas and power, refining and petrochemicals as well as other midstream/downstream projects has allowed QPI to emerge as a company of strong vision and discipline. QPI is an investment arm of the reputed state owned energy company Qatar Petroleum (QP). By setting its sights on exploring, discovering and capitalizing on investment opportunities, and more recently, acquisitions, QPI is strategically aligning itself with major energy players worldwide.
Date Posted: 2014/04/29 09:45:18
Ref. JB2961092
Recommended Courses
Invite Your
Friends to Bayt.com
Find Jobs
About Bayt.com
Bayt.com is the leading job site in the Gulf and Middle East, connecting job seekers with employers looking to hire.
Every day, thousands of new job vacancies are listed on the award-winning platform from the region's top employers.
Company
Quick Links
Follow
© 2000-2014 Bayt.com, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
-
Reproduction of material from any Bayt.com pages without written permission is strictly prohibited.