Executive Secretary Job in Doha - Qatar Petroleum International - Bayt.com
OK
Cancel
Loading...
Loading...
Jobs
Jobs
Salaries
People Companies Specialties
- All -
- All -Algeria (12)Bahrain (115)Dubai (1557)Egypt (501)Iraq (81)Jordan (391)Kuwait (742)Lebanon (250)Libya (16)Morocco (12)Oman (96)Pakistan (34)Qatar (1059)Saudi Arabia (2772)Sri Lanka (0)Tunisia (6)UAE (3585)Yemen (3)
Loading...
Menu - []
›
› Job Description
Executive Secretary
- ,
Date Posted: 2014/04/29 09:43:52
Ref. JB3014235
Job Description
•
Act as first point of contact for both internal and external visitors wishing to contact the GMCS to ensure that only those having genuine and acceptable reasons may do
•	Provide a complete correspondence service for the GMCS, routing correspondence as necessary and drafting replies where appropriate to ensure that all mail is dealt with efficiently and appropriately
•	Arranges meeting schedules, appointments and travel plan itineraries for the GMCS.
•	Provide a time management/diary service for the GMCS to ensure he is able to attend all key meetings at the appointed time
•	Maintain, organize, analyze, update, retrieve data from SAP, access appropriate data files and update records accordingly in SAP.
•	Maintain records/files, replenish stationary and arrange servicing of office equipment
•	Make travel arrangements in a time-effective way, including complex itineraries/venues, ensuring most effective use of line manager’s time
•	Generates presentation material / graphics and business reports for reviews/meeting.
•	Attend meetings with the GMCS, and take notes then produce minutes of meeting.
•	Collect required data and conduct preliminary analysis for the GMCS review
•	Maintain structured data base of contacts for business units (internal and external) entities by functions and level.
Skills
•	Good communication and organization skills
•	Good command of written and spoken business English and Arabic
•	Ability to prepare good standards reports in the English and Arabic languages
Job Details
Job Location:
Doha, Qatar
Company Industry:
Oil/Gas
Company Type:
Employer (Private Sector)
Job Role:
Administration
Joining Date:
Unspecified
Employment Status:
Full time
Employment Type:
Employee
Monthly Salary Range:
Unspecified
Manages Others:
Unspecified
Number of Vacancies:
1
Preferred Candidate
Career Level:
Mid Career
Years of Experience:
Min: 7 Max: 10
Residence Location:
Qatar
Gender:
Female
Nationality:
Unspecified
Degree:
Bachelor's degree / higher diploma
About This Company
Since 2006, Qatar Petroleum International Ltd (QPI) has already built an impressive multi-billion dollar portfolio of investments in the global energy market. Investing in upstream, gas and power, refining and petrochemicals as well as other midstream/downstream projects has allowed QPI to emerge as a company of strong vision and discipline. QPI is an investment arm of the reputed state owned energy company Qatar Petroleum (QP). By setting its sights on exploring, discovering and capitalizing on investment opportunities, and more recently, acquisitions, QPI is strategically aligning itself with major energy players worldwide.
Date Posted: 2014/04/29 09:43:52
Ref. JB3014235
Similar Jobs
Confidential Company - ,
Confidential Company - ,
Recommended Courses
Invite Your
Friends to Bayt.com
Find Jobs
About Bayt.com
Bayt.com is the leading job site in the Gulf and Middle East, connecting job seekers with employers looking to hire.
Every day, thousands of new job vacancies are listed on the award-winning platform from the region's top employers.
Company
Quick Links
Follow
© 2000-2014 Bayt.com, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
-
Reproduction of material from any Bayt.com pages without written permission is strictly prohibited.