HR MANAGER - CONSTRUCTION Job in Dubai - ND &
Associates - Bayt.com
OK
Cancel
Loading...
Loading...
Jobs
Jobs
Salaries
People Companies Specialties
- All -
- All -Algeria (12)Bahrain (115)Dubai (1557)Egypt (497)Iraq (81)Jordan (391)Kuwait (740)Lebanon (250)Libya (16)Morocco (12)Oman (96)Pakistan (34)Qatar (1061)Saudi Arabia (2775)Sri Lanka (64)Tunisia (6)UAE (3584)Yemen (3)
Loading...
Menu - []
›
› Job Description
HR MANAGER - CONSTRUCTION
- ,
Date Posted: 2014/04/29 09:39:51
Ref. JB2993595
Job Description
•	Implement and develop HR plan that sustains the business orientations of the plant and supports the operation plan by a proactive management of skills and workforce.
•	Define and develop HR policies: recruitment, training and development, career management, rewards, H&S; and communication.
•	Propose new organizations -or optimize current ones-; share best practices with other HR plant managers.
•	Identify means necessary to implement new organizations and support Leadership in change management
•	Identify areas of improvement in HR & administrative procedures and implement appropriate solutions in order optimize costs, time and accuracy of the work handled.
•	Supervise Personnel Administration and Payroll for the site, ensuring on-time delivery, accuracy of information provided and legal compliance (especially for payroll, individual contracts…)
•	Be compliant with the Global Human Resources Strategy with regards to worldwide employee mobility and succession planning and annual reporting.
•	Manage Compensation & Benefits projects, such as market based pay, bonus, retention and incentive programs, benefits reviews, salary surveys, etc.
•	Implement the Human Resources strategy at local country level, as defined by global and regional Human Resources and develop and implement the local Human Resources strategy
•	Recruitment processes: Sourcing, interviewing, organizing technical interviews, reference checks, contract offers and so on for the Middle East
•	Provide line managers with methodology (. team working) and tools, in order to help them efficiently manage their team and organization
•	Organize training sessions for managers on Human Resources management issues (. coaching, individual performance evaluation…)
•	Develop and encourage internal communication; create network and maintain good relationship within the plant, adapting communication tools to each one; help the Management in internal communication actions
•	Qualify, design and implement learning and development programs and tools that sustain necessary behavioral changes: training, organization development and change interventions, coaching.
•	Ensure effective implementation of the Performance Cycle within the BU.
Skills
•	Ideally, HRM Graduate with minimum 6 years of similar experience (including 4 years in Talent Acquisition)
•	Proven ability to build strong working relationships, internal and external to the organization.
•	A self starter with a high degree of initiative.
•	A flexible team player with a proven ability to work successfully in a matrix reporting environment.
•	Experienced in all aspects of HR specifically with Compensation & Benefits, Training & Development, Recruitment, etc.
•	Well developed coaching and leadership skills, both on a formal and informal basis.
•	Fluency in English is a must
Keywords:
HR, Human Resource, Compensation, benefits, budgeting, incentives, commission, grading, salary survey, benchmarking, bonus, increment, ND, associates, recruitment, head, hunting, dubai
Job Details
Job Location:
Dubai, United Arab Emirates
Company Industry:
Construction/Civil Engineering; Oil/Gas; Engineering
Company Type:
Employer (Private Sector)
Job Role:
Human Resources/Personnel
Joining Date:
Unspecified
Employment Status:
Unspecified
Employment Type:
Unspecified
Monthly Salary Range:
Unspecified
Manages Others:
Unspecified
Number of Vacancies:
1
Preferred Candidate
Career Level:
Management
Years of Experience:
Unspecified
Residence Location:
Unspecified
Gender:
Unspecified
Nationality:
Unspecified
Degree:
Unspecified
About This Company
ND & Associates specializes in providing exclusive, experienced and skilled professionals ranging from Chief Officers, Division Heads, Directors and Managers, to Executives.
To support clients in all business functions across the entire organisation, ND & Associates’ consultants are divided into two main divisions:
1.
Industry Specialisations (IS)
2.
Business Support (BS)
Industry Specialisation (IS)
Every organisation needs a specialized recruitment partner who understands the unique requirements of particular industries.
For this reason, ND & Associates have specialist teams dedicated to serve the following key industry segments:
·
IT & Telecommunications
·
Engineering - Energy / Environment / Utilities / Construction
·
FMCG
·
Investment & Corporate Banking
·
Logistic and Supply Chain
Business Support (BS)
Our teams have the in-depth knowledge and experiences to serve our clients in these industries niches across all departments and skill sets.
Therefore, in addition to the IS division, the BS teams have been set up to provide our long term partners with complete recruitment services to cover the following areas:
IT
•
Finance
•
HR
•
Legal
•
Procurement
•
Office Support
•
Sales and Marketing
SERVICES:
Adopting a consultative approach, ND & Associates take a long term view to our relationships with clients, believing it is essential to understand our clients' unique strategic, organizational, financial and cultural context in order to deliver real value.
We offer 7 customized solutions to meet all types of executive staffing challenges:
1.
Specialized Executive Search
2.
On-site recruitment
3.
Head hunting
4.
Mass recruitment
5.
Reference checks
6.
Localisation / Emiratisation
7.
Executive contracting solutions
Date Posted: 2014/04/29 09:39:51
Ref. JB2993595
Similar Jobs
Confidential Company - ,
Recommended Courses
Invite Your
Friends to Bayt.com
Find Jobs
About Bayt.com
Bayt.com is the leading job site in the Gulf and Middle East, connecting job seekers with employers looking to hire.
Every day, thousands of new job vacancies are listed on the award-winning platform from the region's top employers.
Company
Quick Links
Follow
© 2000-2014 Bayt.com, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
-
Reproduction of material from any Bayt.com pages without written permission is strictly prohibited.