Engage Selection JLT - Planning Manager - Dubai ,
Dubai
Check your inbox to know about employers who showed interest in your profileSee the names of companies who view your resume, Consider your resume and Contacted with you.Seeker Services Learning Center About XpressResume+Put Your Career in Gear with Monster Career Services. We have got: to help you knock out the competition by showcasing your most marketable skills and strengths with a strategically written resume. to let you determine your personality, career & areas of improvement.
Career Advice Stand out from the job searching crowd with a unique combination of skills, experience, attributes and career advice from Monster. Monster helps you formulate better career decisions by offering numerous career tips for a successful job interview, resume creation, salary and much more.In addition, we have recently introduced interesting and informative sections like
and
to help you stay in step with job trends and accelerate your self-learning.
Job Summary
Company Name
Engage Selection JLT
Locations
Dubai
Experience
8 - 12 years
Keywords / Skills
Towers, Buildings, high rise
Education
Bachelor's Degree, Master's Degree
Function
Construction
Role
Civil Engineer
Industry
Construction
Posted On
29th Apr 2014
Job Ref code
Planning Manager - Dubai
Share this job
Rate this job
Planning Manager - Dubai
Engage Selection JLT
Share this job
Apply
Job Description Planning Manager8 years and above experienceage - 30 to 40 yearsHigh Rise - DubaiExperience in UAEDegree educated
Key Skill(s)
About Company Engage was formed in 2007 in response to frustrations at the level of service delivery offered by traditional large recruitment agencies working in the construction market. With a belief in providing a truly knowledgeable, precise and quality driven service, Engage strives to offer a recruitment experience to both employers and candidates that is unrivalled in the marketplace. We provide precision staffing solutions, including contingency and executive search, within the construction and commercial marketplaces. Our enduring relationships with market leading organisations in the region and overseas means we have access to the best candidates and the best vacancies.
Apply Without Registration
For Jobs Seekers
Jobs By Functions
Jobs By Location
About Our Site
© 2012 Monster - All Rights Reserved - U.S. Patent No. 5,832,497 - NYSE:
Toll Free No.: 8000177030, Toll No.: +91 40 6611 6993 / +91 40 3057 6993, Email ID: