Senior Hairstylist (Female only) Abu Dhabi & Dubai position available in -Spa & Beauty Middle East Dubai
16 Aug '13Senior Hairstylist (Female only) Abu Dhabi & Dubai
-Spa & Beauty, Middle East Dubai
AED 10,00012,00032,500
Senior Hairstylist (Female only) Abu Dhabi & Dubai
AED 10,000/- to AED 12,000/- per month (Tax free)+ Service Commission + bonuses + UAE Visa A new and exciting hair salon brand that provides premium hair styling and advanced hair treatments to the UAE’s style-savvy and well-travelled women seeks a Senior Hairstylist. Part of a leading beauty group that operates 11 spas and salons where 350 members of staff are dedicated to offering a flawless, consistent and holistic customer experience. Join an innovative and successful team! The packages would depend on the experience and education of the stylist. Purpose. The ideal candidate will have extensive experience cutting, styling and colouring.They will need to contribute to the overall success of the salon and the stylist team, by being committed to providing the most professional and creative hair styles, cut’s and colour. Responsibilities. Cutting, Creative Cutting, Colouring& Highlights, Creative Colouring, Blow Dry’s, Hair Up, Hair straightening, Hair Treatments, Hair Extension Experience. Minimum 5 to 7 years working experience as Senior Hair Stylist in reputed organization Qualifications:NVQ Level 3 hairdressing or any other equivalent certificate or diplomas Attributes.Creativity as a Senior Hair Stylist to develop new techniques and bring in new ideas and concepts.Customer service skillsFluent in EnglishWork under minimum supervisionEnergetic with a positive attitude.Willingness to work with a flexible schedule.Proactive and Team PlayerWilling to accept challenges and able to meet themSensitive to other culturesAge:30 to 40 years Start Date. Approx: Oct / Nov 2013 Accompany your CV + photo and send to:
Closing date: 31 July 2014
Ref: CT000761/R
Vacancy Type:
Permanent
Placement Partner © 2014. All Rights Reserved.