Teller ( UAE National) - Abu Dhabi, Dubai, Sharjah, Ajman , Ras-Al Khaimah Job in United Arab Emirates - RAKBANK - Bayt.com
OK
Cancel
Loading...
Loading...
Jobs
Jobs
Salaries
People Companies Specialties
- All -
- All -Algeria (12)Bahrain (115)Dubai (1557)Egypt (497)Iraq (81)Jordan (391)Kuwait (740)Lebanon (250)Libya (16)Morocco (12)Oman (96)Pakistan (34)Qatar (1061)Saudi Arabia (2775)Sri Lanka (64)Tunisia (6)UAE (3584)Yemen (3)
Loading...
Menu - []
›
› Job Description
Teller ( UAE National) - Abu Dhabi, Dubai, Sharjah, Ajman , Ras-Al Khaimah
-
Date Posted: 2014/04/29 04:16:05
Ref. JB2993133
Job Description
Job Description•
Carry out smooth and error -free transactions within the branch, ensuring all activities are completed within timescales and with a high degree of accuracy.
• Process cash and cheque transactions, deposits and withdrawals.
• Balance cash and have zero- cash shortages and overages.
• Efficiently and accurately handle payments and receipts of cash, clearing & collection cheques, drafts & managers cheques, transfer cheques, ATM/EDM balancing, security items.
• Process retail drafts and managers cheques which have to be given over the counter.
• Act as a joint custodian of till cash with Branch Operations Manager/ Head Teller.
• Ensure all teller transactions and other routine processing is done as per laid down procedures and central bank guidelines and ensure due diligence is carried out with respect to money laundering and other regulatory requirements.
• Provide information and guidance to customers through the delivery of excellent customer service to resolve customer queries and achieve customer satisfaction.
Skills
Good oral and written communication skills.
Good customer service skills.
Numerical skills.
Job Details
Job Location:
United Arab Emirates
Company Industry:
Banking
Company Type:
Employer (Private Sector)
Job Role:
115
Joining Date:
Unspecified
Employment Status:
Part time
Employment Type:
Employee
Monthly Salary Range:
Unspecified
Manages Others:
Unspecified
Number of Vacancies:
1
Preferred Candidate
Career Level:
Management
Years of Experience:
Min: 0
Residence Location:
United Arab Emirates
Gender:
Unspecified
Nationality:
United Arab Emirates
Degree:
High school or equivalent
About This Company
RAKBANK, the trading name of the National Bank of Ras Al-Khaimah, is a public joint stock company, headquartered in the emirate of Ras Al-Khaimah, in the UAE. The Head Office of the bank is situated in RAKBANK Building, Emirates Rd, Ras Al-Khaimah. The bank is 52.75% owned by the Government of Ras Al-Khaimah.
Shares are publicly traded. Board consists of several members of the ruling family of the emirate of Ras-Al Khaimah and businessmen from UAE and Kuwait. The bank is engaged in providing retail and corporate banking services through a network of thirty three branches in the United Arab Emirates, but all the transactions are handled on a strictly commercial basis.
Board of Directors
H.E. Shaikh Omar bin Saqr Al-Qasimi
Chairman U.A.E
H.E. Shaikh Salim bin Sultan Al-Qasimi
Member U.A.E
Mr. Hamad Abdulaziz Al Sagar
Member Kuwait
Mr. Abdul Aziz Abdulla Al Zaabi
Member U.A.E
Mr. Yousuf Obaid Essa Al Nuaimi
Member U.A.E
Mr. Ahmed Essa Al Naeem
Member U.A.E
Mr. Salem Ali Abdulla Saeed Al Sharhan Al Nuaimi
Member U.A.E
Date Posted: 2014/04/29 04:16:05
Ref. JB2993133
Recommended Courses
Invite Your
Friends to Bayt.com
Find Jobs
About Bayt.com
Bayt.com is the leading job site in the Gulf and Middle East, connecting job seekers with employers looking to hire.
Every day, thousands of new job vacancies are listed on the award-winning platform from the region's top employers.
Company
Quick Links
Follow
© 2000-2014 Bayt.com, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
-
Reproduction of material from any Bayt.com pages without written permission is strictly prohibited.