Information Technology Manager Job in Riyadh - Al Ajmi Company - Bayt.com
OK
Cancel
Loading...
Loading...
Jobs
Jobs
Salaries
People Companies Specialties
- All -
- All -Algeria (12)Bahrain (115)Dubai (1557)Egypt (497)Iraq (81)Jordan (391)Kuwait (740)Lebanon (250)Libya (16)Morocco (12)Oman (96)Pakistan (34)Qatar (1061)Saudi Arabia (2775)Sri Lanka (64)Tunisia (6)UAE (3584)Yemen (3)
Loading...
Menu - []
›
› Job Description
Information Technology Manager
- ,
Gold Career Provider
This employer achieved a Gold Career Provider status based on their record of hiring on Bayt.com.
Date Posted: 2014/04/29 05:49:08
Ref. JB2218805
Job Description
Directs and coordinates development and production activities of computerized management information systems department by performing the following duties:
·
Consults with management to analyze computer system needs for management information and functional operations, to determine scope and priorities of projects, and to discuss system capacity and equipment acquisitions.
·
Recommends and develops plans for systems development and operations, hardware and software purchases, budget, and staffing.
·
Manages the development, implementation, installation, and operation of information and functional systems for the organization.
·
Develops, implements, and monitors management information systems policies and controls to ensure data accuracy, security, and legal and regulatory compliance.
·
Negotiates and contracts with consultants, technical personnel, and vendors for services and products.
·
Provides support to end users in the selection, procurement, usage, and maintenance of software programs and hardware.
·
Manages computer operation scheduling, backup, storage, and retrieval functions.
·
Reviews reports of computer and peripheral equipment production, malfunction, and maintenance to determine costs and impact, and address problems.
·
Develops, maintains, and tests disaster recovery plans.
-
Follow up networks and maintenance plans.
Skills
- self confidence.
- excellent communication skills.
- fluent in English language.
Education
Bachelor's Degree in a related discipline.
Job Details
Job Location:
Riyadh, Saudi Arabia
Company Industry:
Construction
Company Type:
Employer (Private Sector)
Job Role:
Technology/IT
Joining Date:
Unspecified
Employment Status:
Full time
Employment Type:
Employee
Monthly Salary Range:
Unspecified
Manages Others:
Yes
Number of Vacancies:
1
Preferred Candidate
Career Level:
Mid Career
Years of Experience:
Min: 5
Residence Location:
Unspecified
Gender:
Male
Degree:
Bachelor's degree / higher diploma
About This Company
Abdul Ali Al-Ajmi Co. , has been conducting a successful operation during the last 21 years . Over and above securing and successfully executing different projects in support of Saudi Aramco, Ministry of Transportation, Saudi Coast Guard and other local business entities, Abdul Ali Al-Ajmi Co.
is known for its specialization in the field of Road Construction and Maintenance which includes Mass Earth Moving, Site Preparation and Land Development which also includes the Underground Facilities. This is beside other activities that we are involved with such as Transportation and Construction.
Abdul Ali Al-Ajmi Co. , has been recognized to be one of the major company’s road constructions in the Eastern Province and other parts of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, maintenance projects for different government departments, ministries and the private sector this is in addition to the bridge constructions, the company is known to be one of the major supplier of Land service throughout the Kingdom in supporting its commitment and fulfilling its responsibilities towards its clients
Abdul Ali Al-Ajmi Co. owns several Asphalt batching plants, Crusher plants and Cement Batching plant with fully organized distributing centres.
Other major clients with whom Abdul Ali Al-Ajmi Co. is active in supporting their construction activities are Aramco Gulf
Operation co. ltd. ,Al-Khafji joint Operation , SCECO ,Royal Commission and Government controlled industrial corporations and other non-government industrial entities.
Date Posted: 2014/04/29 05:49:08
Ref. JB2218805
Similar Jobs
Recommended Courses
Invite Your
Friends to Bayt.com
Find Jobs
About Bayt.com
Bayt.com is the leading job site in the Gulf and Middle East, connecting job seekers with employers looking to hire.
Every day, thousands of new job vacancies are listed on the award-winning platform from the region's top employers.
Company
Quick Links
Follow
© 2000-2014 Bayt.com, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
-
Reproduction of material from any Bayt.com pages without written permission is strictly prohibited.