Education Staff Vacancies – School director & Teachers Job in Kuwait - Al Wazzan Group - Bayt.com
OK
Cancel
Loading...
Loading...
Jobs
Jobs
Salaries
People Companies Specialties
- All -
- All -Algeria (12)Bahrain (115)Dubai (1557)Egypt (497)Iraq (81)Jordan (391)Kuwait (740)Lebanon (250)Libya (16)Morocco (12)Oman (96)Pakistan (34)Qatar (1061)Saudi Arabia (2775)Sri Lanka (64)Tunisia (6)UAE (3584)Yemen (3)
Loading...
Menu - []
›
› Job Description
Education Staff Vacancies – School director & Teachers
-
Date Posted: 2014/04/29 05:38:17
Ref. JB3045246
Job Description
The Head of School “School director" is responsible for managing the daily operation and the supervision of all staff.
The Head of School is the chief academic and administrative officer provides day-to-day direction and operational practices that represent a consistent and effective model of integrity, efficiency, and accountability. He will direct and participate in marketing and development for the school.
In addition, the Head of School performs and/or directs all other duties as, from time to time, may be assigned by the School Head Office Management.
•	Experienced Teachers in all subjects (Gulf English School) & ( A’Takamul International School)
“ Must hold Bachelor Degree, teaching diploma and a sufficient Teaching Experience”
Skills
School Director :
•	A Master’s degree in educational administration/supervision or the equivalent
•	At least three (3) years experience in educational administration
•	Demonstrated supervisory leadership
Teachers for all Subjects :
Must hold Bachelor Degree, teaching diploma and a sufficient Teaching Experience.
Job Details
Job Location:
Kuwait
Company Industry:
Education, Training, and Library
Company Type:
Employer (Private Sector)
Job Role:
Education/Training
Joining Date:
Unspecified
Employment Status:
Full time
Employment Type:
Employee
Monthly Salary Range:
Unspecified
Manages Others:
Unspecified
Number of Vacancies:
1
Preferred Candidate
Career Level:
Management
Years of Experience:
Unspecified
Residence Location:
Unspecified
Gender:
Unspecified
Nationality:
Unspecified
Degree:
Bachelor's degree / higher diploma
About This Company
The Wazzan group of companies has a rich and successful history since its inception more than 60 years ago.
The Group is active in various business streams such as Healthcare, Construction, Education, Electronics distribution and retail, investment, Real Estate and journalism.
Around 3,000 talented employees work for the Group from more than 30 nationalities.
The Headquarters is based in Kuwait and the Group currently operates in four countries; Kuwait, Qatar, Saudi Arabia and Egypt.
We look for people who can make a difference, add value, believe in our values and work as a part of our valuable and committed team. Morals, values and ethics are always at the core of our business.Our Subsidiaries are :Healthcare:•	NewMowasat Hospital Retail :•	Electrozan•	Supplying store Co. Education:•	The Gulf English School has an English curriculum.•	A’Takamul is English/ American, with an emphasis on the culture of Kuwait.•	Andalous and Tafawiq are large private Arabic schools. Constructions:•	Burhan International.•	Mushrif Trading & Contracting Company . •	Al Sabriya Electrical Co (Represents KONE, Finland).
Date Posted: 2014/04/29 05:38:17
Ref. JB3045246
Recommended Courses
Invite Your
Friends to Bayt.com
Find Jobs
About Bayt.com
Bayt.com is the leading job site in the Gulf and Middle East, connecting job seekers with employers looking to hire.
Every day, thousands of new job vacancies are listed on the award-winning platform from the region's top employers.
Company
Quick Links
Follow
© 2000-2014 Bayt.com, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
-
Reproduction of material from any Bayt.com pages without written permission is strictly prohibited.