GulfTalent.com
Pediatrician Specialist – Arabic Speaker
Parkhouse Bell
Dubai, UAE
Posted on: 28 Apr 2014
THE ROLE
Expand all
* A
reputed chain of
Private Clinics in Dubai, offering first class Medical services;
* Looking for an Arabic speaking Specialist Pediatrician with DHA License;
* Proactive attitude, good experience in Pediatrics.
Job Summary:
Provides pediatric care to assigned patients according to current, best evidence-based standards and in accordance to the medical facility’s policy and regulations;
Evaluates patients and records clinical findings and plans of care;
Participates in the review and planning activities relevant to pediatric services offered by the facility;
Participates in the professional development and educational activities for the medical staff;
Participates in the conduct of clinical audits as per the clinical governance policy of the facility;
Fulfills the professional requirements for the continuing maintenance of competences in all aspects of pediatric care and continual improvement of clinical practice.
REQUIREMENTS
Requirements:
Candidate should have a recognized medical qualification, and have suitable postgraduate training in Pediatrics from a recognized medical institution; Board Certified as a Specialist Pediatrician or equivalent;
Appropriate experience and competence in all aspects of Pediatrics;
Professional, kids-oriented, well-organized, strong leadership skills;
HAAD or DHA License is an advantage.
Fluent Arabic and English languages;
If you are interested in this job, please apply online.
ABOUT THE COMPANY
Parkhouse Bell Human Resources Consultancy that specialises in delivering HR services to education, manufacturing, retail, oil&gas, IT, and healthcare companies.
Founded in 2006, we now operate out of London, Dubai, and Brisbane delivering series internationally.
Our core services are:
HR Consultancy
Interim Management
Recruitment
Training
We have placed candidates at all levels from the front line to the board, and source staff on a permanent, contract and temporary basis.
All our consultants are specialists in the sector and we have a true understanding of the intricacies of doing business in a challenging economic and political environment. Integral to our way of working is our understanding of the importance of client and candidate confidentiality. Our ethos is one of providing a personal service and value for money.
Parkhouse Bell's success so far has been based on honesty, openness and a willingness to listen to our clients' needs.
Send
|
|