GulfTalent.com
Area Manager – Food Retail
Focus Management Consultants Limited (FMCL)
Dubai, UAE
Posted on: 28 Apr 2014
THE ROLE
Expand all
Salary: £30,000 - £40,000 (Tax free) plus benefits
Tax free opportunity working with a forward thinking, progressive business within one of the most sought after food brands. Tax free salary package plus excellent career development opportunities.
Have you ever thought about transferring your experience into a tax free environment, where you will have the opportunity to maximise your earning potential? If you are an excellent people manager with food retail experience then maybe this role is for you.
One of our longest standing relationships within the region is with this business. We have been in partnership with it for several years, particularly within the food retail business. Representing one of its most significant brands, as Area Manager, you will be responsible for a head count up to 120 people across 15 locations. Reporting into the Operations Manager for the United Arab Emirates you will be responsible for the training, staff management and area management of a diverse workforce.
Our client is highly regarded as being a trend setter within the region and have a fast paced, driven culture that rewards success. With nearly 100 nationalities represented across the wider business there reach spans across the GCC and Europe.
You will be compensated for this Area Manager role with a strong tax free salary and excellent bonus and benefits.
If you’ve read this far, you must be interested! Send your details and we can have a confidential chat about this opportunity.
REQUIREMENTS
Have you ever thought about transferring your experience into a tax free environment, where you will have the opportunity to maximise your earning potential? If you are an excellent people manager with food retail experience then maybe this role is for you.
ABOUT THE COMPANY
Focus Management Consultants Ltd (FMCL) commands a premier position in the Food and Drink recruitment industry.
Working in long term partnership with many leading manufacturers, retailers and foodservice organisations, it has developed a strong credibility in its sector for high performance standards and results delivery.
Established in 1990 in the recruitment sector, it is comprised of seven specialist divisions each offering a bespoke, confidential and targeted response to client needs, and offers candidates a route through to the leading employers in their chosen industry.
FMCL is a founding member of the International Food Recruitment Alliance, with International food recruitment partners in Denmark, France, Germany, Holland, Poland and
Spain.
Send
Candidates who applied for this job also applied for:
|
|