PakJobs4You: Nursing Jobs in Dubai
Monday, 28 April 2014
Nursing Jobs in Dubai
The medical staff and medical jobs in the Gulf have been hot favorite
for years for trained medical professionals. Not only is there a
regular demand for skilled professionals in this field, the incentives
to work in the Gulf are very high. Talking of Dubai, it is the most
favorite career destination of expatriates. One, because it is the land
of sun and sand. Two, because of all the Gulf States, Dubai is the most
liberal in its lifestyle and culture. Thus, most foreign workers vie to
land a job in Dubai. In the medical field, nursing jobs are quite sought
after in Dubai. There are world-class hospitals in Dubai that offer
lucrative nursing jobs to expatriates.
A few years ago, the demand for nurses in Dubai was quite high. The
city was looking for international nursing staff at all levels and
capabilities. For the time being, it can be said that the boom days for
nursing employment in the emirate are over. However, this does not mean
that the nursing staff is not required at all. There are still plenty of
nursing jobs in Dubai that are advertised regularly. If you apply
patiently and smartly, chances are that you would find the exact right
job for you.
Thus, if you are a qualified and experienced nurse and are looking to
move to Dubai to work there in the medical field, you would need a lot
of information on hand. Even if you are a midwife or even paramedic, you
can look ahead to extremely good pay, excellent conditions of
employment and many other additional bonuses and benefits that are
available at most of the best international hospitals. All these
incentives make it worth giving your best attempt when you are applying
for a nursing job in Dubai.
To be well prepared for the application and interview, there are a
few things that you must keep in mind. For instance, firstly you should
know where all to look for nursing jobs in Dubai. Also, you must gather a
fair idea of what sort of compensation package you should expect to be
able to negotiate well with the employer. Unless you know about the
current salary standards in this job in Dubai, you would not be able to
demand confidently for what you rightly deserve.
Before applying for any medical job in Dubai, you must know that
almost all Dubai hospitals and even those across the UAE would
preferably hire British and American trained medical personnel. So, in
case you have worked in any UK or US hospitals, you are already
favorably positioned to land a nursing job in Dubai. However, this does
not mean that trained nurses from other countries do not get hired.
There is just an advantage for the British and American nurses. For any
nursing job that you apply for, you would have to get your educational
qualifications attested in your home country. And it is not as easy as
it sounds. Once you get the qualifications attested by a notary in your
country, you would need to get the notary testified by the foreign
office.
While applying, you might also need to submit a copy of your
passport, at least three copies of your original certificates, copies of
your employment references and three copies of your current medical
certificate of registration from your governing medical body to the UAE
embassy in your country of origin. To get all the document details, it
is advisable to get in touch with the embassy first as there might be a
revision in requirements. Also, you can get in touch with the HR
department of a renowned international hospital in Dubai. From there,
you can get a clear idea of what all is required to work as a nurse in
Dubai.
If you want to get first-hand information on what it is like to be
working as a nurse in Dubai, you can surf the Internet and join one of
the many expat forums that have information on this. There you would get
to interact with the expatriate nurses already working in the Dubai
hospitals and they would be able to advise you on all that needs to be
done before and after taking employment as a nurse in Dubai. They would
also give you a fair idea of the flipside of working in Dubai, if any.
Once all the documents are ready, you can actively start applying for
jobs. The next thing is to be prepared to negotiate the salary.
Although there is a basic standardization across hospitals in the
emirate, sometimes there are a few posts that are hard to fill. For such
posts, extra incentives are offered to the suitable candidates. Anyway,
in Dubai there are no taxes levied on the salary that you earn. So,
whatever you earn is yours to either spend or save.
Posted by
at
Labels:
No comments:
Post a Comment
Subscribe to:
Blog Archive
(3)
(25)
Share This
Please do not change this code for a perfect fonctionality of your counter
Simple template. Powered by .