PakJobs4You: New Jobs in Dubai
Monday, 28 April 2014
New Jobs in Dubai
Dubai has earned immense popularity among job seekers while Saudi Arabia
has been enjoying high rank in this list from years. Professionals
still prefer Saudi Arabia for better career opportunity. Saudi Arab has
been the best destination among other gulf countries since years but now
Dubai, Abu Dhabi and other states are filling the space and competing
with KSA. Saudi Arabia is paying such high salaried jobs in education,
construction and in private sectors. But in KSA lifestyle is restricted
and conservative as compare to Dubai that factor acts as dampener. KSA
is alcohol Free State and expatriate has to follow the restrictive life
style. If expats have no reservations on these restrictions Saudi Arab
has huge career growth and high salaries in different sectors. According to Mercer Report Dubai and Abu Dhabi are ranked best states
for quality of life and facilities. Number of new recruitment agencies
has opened their offices in Dubai and many international companies are
establishing their setups in Dubai. Many companies are relocating in
Dubai as well. Jobs in Dubai has wide range and there are jobs for
almost every skill level. Sectors that require more man power are
construction, Finance, hospitality and exploration. It is true that
global economic slowdown affected Dubai but still there are many career
opportunities. A large number of job opportunities are still waiting for
right candidate in Dubai. Usually requirement for employees is quite
higher in Dubai and people who are highly skilled gets jobs in Dubai. A
competent market has been settled up in Dubai and international
companies are looking up for best findings. Many firms use different
kinds of job portals and use hunting tactics to find the best match to
their placed vacancy. And most of the international companies have
increased the head count except the property sector because this area is
not settled up yet. Dubai International Financial center DIFC has
observed massive increase of up to 12 thousands in headcount.
Recently UAE government has been pushed local business to recruit
nationals because unemployment has been increasing among Dubai
nationals. The process of pushing UAE nationals in to job placements is
known as Emiratisation. The process has been started to giving priority
to UAE nationals over foreign expatriates. And the process has been
continued in many sectors specially the local business is advised to
follow Emiratisation. But there is no need to be disappointment still
there is lot of opportunities for foreign nationals in Dubai.
Posted by
at
Labels:
No comments:
Post a Comment
Subscribe to:
Blog Archive
(3)
(25)
Share This
Please do not change this code for a perfect fonctionality of your counter
Simple template. Powered by .