alJazeera Jobs - Telecommunication Engineer (ID# 23109)
Jobs in Qatar, Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, Oman, Bahrain, Dubai, Abu Dhabi by alJazeera Jobs
Select Language
English
Francais
Deutsch
عربي
Español
Português
Русский
Nederlands
Türkçe
اردو
Contact alJazeera Jobs Bahrain: (+973) 16199-113
Serving Arabian Gulf Job Seekers since 2007, alJazeera Jobs
is the established, trusted and leading provider of Jobs in
, , , ,
and .
Subscribe to our custom developed Candidate
Management Service to proactively place your details in Arabic
and English into the HR systems of the leading employers in
the Gulf. Jump to the head of the queue and get hired, sign-up
.
JOB SEARCH
I'm looking for...
In location
Select Country
Saudi Arabia
UAE
Kuwait
Qatar
Bahrain
Oman
other
ACCOUNT MANAGEMENT:
|
Telecommunication Engineer (ID# 23109)
06 May 2014 06:19 PM - UAE
. Telecommunication Engineer (ID# 23109) Abu Dhabi, United Arab EmiratesCategory: PowerJob Type: -Minimum Experience: -Required Education: -Job DescriptionThe RoleWe are seeking a Telecommunications Engineer to work in our Abu Dhabi Office with technical knowledge and experience in telecommunication network design and construction. The selected candidate will- work with other team members in engineering, design and supervision of power communication systems including WAN, LAN, SDH, telephony, fibre optic and other communication systems,participate in large projects that span multiple technologies that are completed in multiple phases over a significant period of time. Participate in conceptual system design, calculations, equipment layout, wiring drawings, site survey and specifications. Responsibilities include writing technical responses to Request for Proposals (RFP), participate in technical solutions that comply with client''s requirements, establish business and technical requirements and all phases of developing and implementing the design that matches the technology and products to the client''s needs.Job RequirementsRequirements- bachelor''s degree in Electrical Engineering, Telecommunications, Information Technology, Computer Science or related degree in the field of networking and communication systems.- minimum 5 years' experience of working within a similar role.basic understanding of telecommunication network planning and technical design, technology and protocol understanding, communication system implementation and testing, optical communication system implementation, data center functionality, electronic security systems design and architecture, RF and antenna technology, electrical and power distribution system design, theoretical performance an (more...)
PAR
Advertisement
|
|
|
|
|
All rights reserved - AlJazeeraJobs ® is a registered trade mark and unauthorised usage is strictly prohibited.
|
, , , , ,