Maintenance job at DynCorp - AH-64D Crew Chief
Job Summary
The AH-64D Plane Captain/Crew Chief will be responsible for conducting all duties normally associated with this position, to include direct or hands on maintenance, scheduled, un-scheduled, special, daily, preflight / postflight, and phase inspections. This position also include
Loading, please wait...
JOB SEEKERS
Search aviation jobs!
Get online today.
It's FREE.
Maintain and apply for aviation jobs.
Popular Jobs
Company Information
Company / Job Detail Information as selected:
Position Maintenance / AH-64D Crew Chief
Position Type:
Contractor
Company:
DynCorp
Fax Number:
(817) 224-1722
Address:
13500 Heritage ParkwayFort WorthTexas76177USA
Web Address:
Company Info:
DynCorp International is a leading global services provider offering unique, tailored solutions for an ever-changing world. Built on more than six decades of experience as a trusted partner to commercial, government and military customers, DI provides sophisticated aviation, logistics, training, intelligence and operational solutions wherever we are needed. DynCorp International is headquartered in McLean, Va.
Supported Manufacturers:
None
More Jobs:
Job Information
Job Title:
AH-64D Crew Chief
Location:
International International
Salary Range:
Neg-Neg
Job Desc:
Job Summary
The AH-64D Plane Captain/Crew Chief will be responsible for conducting all duties normally associated with this position, to include direct or hands on maintenance, scheduled, un-scheduled, special, daily, preflight / postflight, and phase inspections. This position also includes training requirements such as OJT, and formal (as requested) and required documentation.
Principle Accountabilities
Direct "Hands-On" MaintenanceRemoves and installs subsystem assemblies such as engines, rotors, gearboxes, transmissions, and mechanical flight controlsRemoves and installs subsystem components to include starters, generators and inverters, lights and batteries, pumps, reservoirs and valves, hydraulic cylinders, lines and hosesServices and lubricates helicopters and helicopter subsystemsPrepares helicopters for extensive inspections and maintenance checks by removing items such as cowling, inspection plates, panels, doors, and auxiliary equipmentPerforms limited maintenance operational checks to include APU run-up and scheduled inspectionsAssists in diagnosing and troubleshooting malfunctions of helicopter subsystems using special tools and equipment as requiredPrepares helicopters for entry into and removal from storage and prepares helicopters for shipment by surface and airResponsible for ground support equipment and tools maintenanceUses and performs operator maintenance on ground support equipment and tools required for helicopter maintenance and ground handlingUses and performs user maintenance on common and special tools and maintains forms and recordsGuides subordinate personnel in the technical aspects of their dutiesSupervises and provides technical guidance to United Arab Emirates (UAE) personnel performing AH-64D Crew Chief duties, including aircraft maintenance, inspection and logbook and record keeping, in all procedures and functions identified above. Evaluates performance of trainees in skill knowledge, compliance with directives, technical manuals, work standards, safety procedures and operational policies.Conducts formal technical training for UAE trainee personnel in AH-64D Crew Chief maintenance, inspection, supply and safety techniques using training aids, manuals, and instructional materials supplied by the UAE. Evaluates progress of trainees at established intervals during the technical training program.Performs maintenance trend analysis and applies production control, quality control and other maintenance management principles and procedures to aircraft armament system maintenance, inspection and shop operations. Assists in determining man hours, personnel, parts and facility requirements to maintain/repair AH -64D. Plans aircraft maintenance areas, repair shops and facilities. Maintains supply economy and discipline. Prepares evaluation, special reports and records pertaining to systems maintenance and related activities.Prepares forms and records related to aircraft maintenance. Signs-off required aircraft forms to clear aircraft for flight on a daily basis. Recommends and administers plans and policies.Other duties as directed by immediate supervisor
Requirements:
Experience & Education
4 years experience on the AH-64DAH-64D certified or 4 years experience on the AH-64DPrior military experience and training on the AH-64D
Physical Requirements/Working Environment
Must have ability to work in hot, humid and sandy climates on the Flightline;  Air-conditioned in the Hanger, Classroom and/or office
Travel:
100%
Relocation:
n/a
Job Ident #:
1401914
Benefits:
Thank you for your interest...
Company:
Job Title:
There are two ways to apply for this job:
Apply as a Guest
Email Address:
*Invalid Email
OR
Login and Apply
Login:
Password:
Please note by applying to this job you are agreeing to the Terms and Conditions for the JSfirm website.
Thank you for your interest...
Company:
DynCorp
Job Title:
AH-64D Crew Chief
There are two ways to apply for this job:
Apply as a Guest
OR
Login and Apply
Login:
Password:
Please note by applying to this job you are agreeing to the Terms and Conditions for the JSfirm website.
EMPLOYERS
receive great response!
1000's of aviation resumes available.
update jobs, view applicants, search
aviation jobs.
to aviation employers.
send a message. JSfirm will call!
Resumes
JSfirm, LLC
Fort Worth, TX
All rights reserved. ©2001-2014 JSfirm