Sales Manager, Assistant Sales Manager and Sales Officers Jobs in UAE | JI138473
Job Seeker Login:
|
If you're looking to post a job or searching resumes, go to our employer website
Sales Manager, Assistant Sales Manager and Sales Officers Jobs in UAE
Job Functional Area
Job Title
Sales Manager, Assistant Sales Manager and Sales Officers
Job Location
Posted on
May 06, 2014
Job Description
An Aluminium Fabrication House needs UAE/Gulf experienced professionals:
1- Sales Manager: With 5-10 years experience.
2- Assistant Sales Manager: With 3-5 years experience.
3- Sales Officers: With 3-5 years experience.
Candidates must have proven sales and marketing skills to market aluminium doors & windows for the construction industry.Apply Instructions for This Job
Email CV to: Find Similar Jobs experience
3- Auto Electrician cum A/C Mechanic:
- 8 years experience.
4- Automobile Denter:
- 8 years Experience.
5- Sales Executive:
- 5 years experien ... field of building materials.
2- SALE OFFICERS:
- Minimum graduate
- with 3 years of work experience preferably in the field of building materials.
3- MECHANICAL ENGIN ... industry (experience in sales and marketing will be an advantage)
- A proven track record, a pleasing personality and the ability to adapt to the constantly changing ma ... company is looking for experienced Salesman and AutoCAD Draughtsman. ... Company requires candidates for the following position for their Oman sector.
SALES MANAGER
The candidate must have 10 years Gulf experience in the steel trading ...
More Jobs
, Find Relevant Functional Area Jobs, , , ,
* Your Full Name:
* Your Email Address:
* Friends' Email Addresses:
[Separate email addresses with comma, max 3 emails at a time]
Job Title:
Sales Manager, Assistant Sales Manager and Sales Officers
Add Note (Optional):
Log in to save this job, and find the jobs you saved already! If you are new at Careermidway.com, please
Email Address:
Password:
Enter your email address. You will receive a notification email with details on login information.
Enter email address
Post Comments on this Job
Relevant comments on this job are highly appreciated.
Please use personal name or nickname rather keywords in the name field.
Comments filling the fields with anchor text to spam this site and search engines may be edited, have URLs removed, or deleted entirely.
Your Name:
Your Email:
Show Email:
Check this to show your email address alongwith your name/comments.
Your Comments:
Enter Code*:
International Jobs
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
© Copyright 2014 All rights reserved Careermidway.com
|
|
|
|