Firefighter - Short term - JB1001843334 | Abu Dhabi, UAE - Jobs Abu Dhabi
OK
Cancel
Loading...
Loading...
Welcome, Guest
|
|
|
|
|
-
Menu - []
Your Opinion Matters
Statistics
Total vacancies 1646
Weekly statistics
Vacancies Posted this Week 86
Today’s Statistics
Vacancies posted today 20
Poll Corner
If you are offered a lower position, but higher in salary than your current job,will you accept it?
Yes
No
Submit your Vote
›
› Job Description
16 People have applied
Date Posted: 2014/05/05 13:08:36Ref. JB1001843334
Firefighter - Short termAl Nahiya Group
Firefighter - Short term (6 months)
Completion of Technical Secondary education (12 Years) followed by 2 years full time training leading to a Diploma in Fire Engineering/Fire Science.
5 years of increasingly responsible experience in the SEFD Fire Section including two years as a Lead Fireman.
Good knowledge of English Language.
Skills
Completion of Technical Secondary education (12 Years) followed by 2 years full time training leading to a Diploma in Fire Engineering/Fire Science.
5 years of increasingly responsible experience in the SEFD Fire Section including two years as a Lead Fireman.
Good knowledge of English Language.
Company Profile
Founded in 1981 in Abu Dhabi,
U.A.E. as a single purpose National Establishment
AL NAHIYA Group is Licensed to Employ and Recruit National and Non National Manpower for On shore and Off shore Oil and Gas Fields and Installation Services.
Rightly proud of our reputation as a dedicated supplier of the highest caliber personnel to Abu Dhabi's Oil,
Gas and Industrial Sectors,
we are fully committed to supporting our Partners in their development and expansion within the Region and elsewhere.
Recognizing the correlation between Manpower Supply and the continuous need to keep abreast of the latest technological advancements and methodologies in the Oil & Gas industry,
AL NAHIYA Management Consultancy Group has been formed to provide Technical and Management Training services that we offer to our Partners as in-house or external courses. By utilizing our network of premier name international Petroleum Industry course providers,
we can provide Trainers for any course content as well as offer our own extensive list of Petroleum Industry seminars and short courses linked to an Internationally recognized Accreditation.
Job Details
Job Location:
Abu Dhabi, UAE
Company Industry:
Oil/Gas
Company Type:
Recruitment Agency
Job Role:
Safety
Employment Type:
Contractor
Monthly Salary Range:
US$1,000 - $2,000 (≈ AED 3,673 - 7,346)
Number of Vacancies:
1
Preferred Candidate
Career Level:
Mid Career
Years of Experience:
Min: 3
Residence Location:
United Arab Emirates