Branch Operations Clerk - JB1001843343 | Al Gharbia, UAE - Jobs Abu Dhabi
OK
Cancel
Loading...
Loading...
Welcome, Guest
|
|
|
|
|
-
Menu - []
Your Opinion Matters
Statistics
Total vacancies 1646
Weekly statistics
Vacancies Posted this Week 86
Today’s Statistics
Vacancies posted today 20
Poll Corner
If you are offered a lower position, but higher in salary than your current job,will you accept it?
Yes
No
Submit your Vote
›
› Job Description
56 People have applied
Date Posted: 2014/05/06 04:05:30Ref. JB1001843343
Branch Operations ClerkAl Gharbia
Assist the Branch Operations Manager in processing the branch teller & back office operations’ functions in an efficient manner.
Assist in providing excellence to customer service and operational efficiency and control environment in the branch.
Skills
•	Assist immediate supervisor in maintaining and updating the branch registers.
•	Attend to reviewing all kinds of payments.
•	Assist immediate supervisor in resolving customer inquiries.
•	Arrange general filing of documents related to branch back office functions.
•	Log teller postings in mail master sheet to be dispatched to ICD
•	Any other responsibility entrusted by the line manager.
•	Review teller and SSO transaction to ensure accuracy of system input tally’s with end of day teller cash balance.
•	Review and process customer requests for accuracy of details input and arrange cover payments with Head Office.
•	Balance Cards and Cheque books at EOD
•	Handle instant issuance of cards and cheque books.
•	Dispatching EOD transactions and mandates to the related departments
•	Ensure Compliance to Key Ops. Controls
•	Filling and Organizing the branch achieving documents
•	Perform Monthly Branch Reconciliation
•	Reconciliation & Control - End of Day Trial Balance
•	Verify local clearing cheques,
outstation clearing cheques,
special inward cheques and outward clearing cheques.
•	Prepare branch cash positions and advise to line manager on a daily basis.
•	Assist line manager to prepare reconciliation of branch accounts against the General Ledger and forward exception to line manager for resolution on monthly basis.
•	Any other tasks as advised by line manager
Job Details
Job Location:
Al Gharbia, UAE
Company Industry:
Banking
Company Type:
Employer (Private Sector)
Job Role:
Administration
Number of Vacancies:
1
Preferred Candidate
Career Level:
Entry Level
Nationality:
United Arab Emirates