Manager,
Branch Operations - JB1001843338 | Al Gharbia, UAE - Jobs Abu Dhabi
OK
Cancel
Loading...
Loading...
Welcome, Guest
|
|
|
|
|
-
Menu - []
Your Opinion Matters
Statistics
Total vacancies 1646
Weekly statistics
Vacancies Posted this Week 86
Today’s Statistics
Vacancies posted today 20
Poll Corner
If you are offered a lower position, but higher in salary than your current job,will you accept it?
Yes
No
Submit your Vote
›
› Job Description
21 People have applied
Similar Jobs
Date Posted: 2014/05/06 03:57:22Ref. JB1001843338
Manager, Branch OperationsAl Gharbia
To Manage the financial and customer functions to ensure the delivery of quality service to customers while projecting the warm image of Al-Hilal.
To Maintain all operational controls to continuously improve on operations to reach customer service efficiency.
Skills
Plan,
direct,
organize and control all branch activities,
operations and service and communicate with all employees to ensure achievement of the Bank’s business objectives.
Customer Service	Utilize branch resources in the most efficient way possible to deliver excellent service and build relationship with clients.
Achieving monthly budget: Provide support to Branch Manager to prepare the comments for budget variance on achievement of branch sale of financial & deposit product targets.
Resolve branch complaints forwarded by compliant resolution unit in a timely manner under advice to the Branch Manager.
Operations support (Review,
control & approval)	Ensure that documentation required as per Credit & Operational Policy & Procedures is accurate prior to forwarding customer credit file to Central Operations for further processing.
Review and approve (where required jointly with the branch manager) work processes documentations and system input reports done for financial & deposit product sales and retail services by customer service employee and financial service (e.g. Auto Murabahha,
goods Murabaha,
other Al-Hilal Products).
Recommend related work flow changes for greater customer service & operational efficiency.
Be a custodian of the branch main vault and be responsible for activating and deactivating vault Alarm code where applicable.
Ensure all branch activities comply with bank policy,
procedures,
Central Bank and audit requirements including AML and KYC requirements.
Ensure timely preparation quality banking,
MIS,
Central Bank and Adhoc reports for analysis and appropriate action.
Continuous improvement: recommend work follow changes leading the process improvements,
to the BM at least once a year.
Internal audit & ICD comments: Provide support to BM in preparing detailed responses to IA and ICD comments relating financial & deposit products and retail customer services.
Other Assignment	Any other tasks assigned by the Line Manger.
Job Details
Job Location:
Al Gharbia, UAE
Company Industry:
Other
Company Type:
Employer (Private Sector)
Job Role:
Management
Number of Vacancies:
1
Preferred Candidate
Career Level:
Management
Years of Experience:
Min: 4
Residence Location:
United Arab Emirates
Nationality:
United Arab Emirates
Similar Jobs