Manager,
Branch Sales & Services - JB1001843337 | Al Gharbia, UAE - Jobs Abu Dhabi
OK
Cancel
Loading...
Loading...
Welcome, Guest
|
|
|
|
|
-
Menu - []
Your Opinion Matters
Statistics
Total vacancies 1646
Weekly statistics
Vacancies Posted this Week 86
Today’s Statistics
Vacancies posted today 20
Poll Corner
If you are offered a lower position, but higher in salary than your current job,will you accept it?
Yes
No
Submit your Vote
›
› Job Description
17 People have applied
Date Posted: 2014/05/06 03:54:57Ref. JB1001843337
Manager, Branch Sales & ServicesAl Gharbia
Manage the team to handle inquiries related to deposit account products and services such as cheque book request,
ATM request,
SMS,
Standing orders,
internet banking and any other related services.
Manage accounts for customers.
Manage customer deposit account details,
ensuring proper completion of forms,
reports and customer files.
Manage and approve bank certificates related to deposit accounts to customers.
Review finance application & instruction on credit limits for approval and opening & closing finance accounts for customers
Skills
Prepare Branch sales plans to generate branch action plans to meet targets.
Build relationship with existing customers for retention.
Execute,
distribute,
and record customer instructions from various channels (e.g. mail,
fax,
and phone) inclusive of accepting customer instructions for processing by other account holding branches.
Prepare management reports (e.g. sales volumes and service standards etc.)
Interact with customers for sale of Al-Hilal financial products by ensuring service efficiency and by adherence to best service standards.
Guide,
support and instruct employees involved in sale of financial product activities for better performance in service delivery to ensure customer satisfaction
Review applications for sale of financial products in line with Credit & Operational Policies & Procedures.
Ensure that documentation required as per credit and operational policy & procedures is both provided and accurate prior to forwarding customer credit file to central operations for further processing.
Review (where required jointly with the BM) work processes,
documentations and system input reports on sale of financial products by financial service employee (e.g. Auto Murabaha,
Goods Murabaha and other products)
Manage employee training; motivating,
counseling and employee individual appraisals.
Any other task entrusted by Line Manager.
Job Details
Job Location:
Al Gharbia, UAE
Company Industry:
Banking
Company Type:
Employer (Private Sector)
Job Role:
Management
Number of Vacancies:
1
Preferred Candidate
Career Level:
Management
Years of Experience:
Min: 5
Residence Location:
United Arab Emirates
Nationality:
United Arab Emirates