Branch Manager - JB1001843336 | Al Gharbia, UAE - Jobs Abu Dhabi
OK
Cancel
Loading...
Loading...
Welcome, Guest
|
|
|
|
|
-
Menu - []
Your Opinion Matters
Statistics
Total vacancies 1646
Weekly statistics
Vacancies Posted this Week 86
Today’s Statistics
Vacancies posted today 20
Poll Corner
If you are offered a lower position, but higher in salary than your current job,will you accept it?
Yes
No
Submit your Vote
›
› Job Description
17 People have applied
Similar Jobs
Date Posted: 2014/05/06 03:52:24Ref. JB1001843336
Branch ManagerAl Gharbia
Plan,
direct,
organize and control all phases of successful branch operations and services activities to increase branch profitability.
Provide excellence in service delivery in an efficient operation that comply with Islamic Shari’a’ requirements.
Ensure submissions of all returns and sales related data within time frame as required from time to time.
Ensure full compliance to Policies & Procedures
Skills
Plan,
direct,
organize and control all branch activities,
operations and service and communicate with all employees to ensure achievement of the Bank’s business objectives.
Plan and implement the launch of new Banking products in a manner that will maximize business opportunities.
Establish and maintain professional relationships with customers to ensure customer satisfaction and referral business.
Set and deliver high service standards in dealings with customers to ensure customer satisfaction.
Utilize branch resources in the most efficient way possible to deliver excellent service and build relationship with clients.
Establish a Total Banking Relationship (both business and personal) by cross-selling: direct deposit,
internet banking,
overdraft protection,
multiple deposit products,
Investment Services.
Produce an annual Branch plan covering sales targets,
income and expense.
Monitor performance against agreed branch targets,
including operations and take corrective action to achieve plan.
Hold regular team meetings to discuss performance against branch plan; explain wider development in the Bank and to encourage open communication with all employees.
Identify,
pursue and develop new accounts.
Establish rapport and continually develop and maintain quality accounts.
Follow-up on daily/weekly activities and goal achievement,
coach employees that need assistance and provide positive feedback regularly.
Promote the Bank by improving its image and reputation
in the community through involvement in local activities.
Job Details
Job Location:
Al Gharbia, UAE
Company Industry:
Banking
Company Type:
Employer (Private Sector)
Job Role:
Management
Manages Others:
Yes
Number of Vacancies:
1
Preferred Candidate
Career Level:
Management
Years of Experience:
Min: 5
Nationality:
United Arab Emirates
Similar Jobs