F&B; Service Waiter/ Waitress jobs in Hozpitality Consulting in UAE - United Arab Emirates - Naukrigulf.com
Job Seekers Login:
|
F&B; Service Waiter/ Waitress
at Hozpitality Consulting in
-
Posted: May
5, 2014 Exp:
2 - 4
yrs.
| Opening(s): 1
Education: Basic - Diploma(Hotel Management)
Gender: Not Mentioned
Industry Type:
/
/
/
Functional Area:
/
/
/
Your Message could not be sent.
Your message has been sent
Job Description
Share
To provide a courteous, professional, efficient and flexible service at all times, following the hotel F&B; operation standards manual.
•To undertake any reasonable tasks and secondary duties as assigned by your direct supervisor of the day.
•To perform opening and closing procedures established for the respective outlet as assigned.
•To have a thorough understanding and knowledge of all food and beverage items in the menu and the ability to recommend Food & Beverage combinations and up sell alternatives.
•To provide high standard of quality and efficient / friendly service as per Standard Operational Procedures.
•To ensure that the respective outlet and surrounding area are kept clean and organized at all times.
•To handle guest enquiries in a courteous and efficient manner.
•To establish a rapport with guests maintaining good customer relationship.
•To monitor operating supplies and reduce spoilage and wastage.
•To report guest complaints or problems to outlet supervisor / Assistant Manager and Manager if no immediate solution can be found and assure follow up with guests.
•To assist in carrying out monthly, quarterly, bi-yearly, yearly inventory of operating equipment.
•To be entirely flexible and adapt to rotate within the different sub sections of the F&B; Department or any other Department of the hotel as assigned.
•To carry out any other reasonable duties as assigned by the Head Waiter / Assistant Manager and supervisor.
attractive salary and benefits
Desired Candidate Profile
Others Areas of study Hospitality Professional experiences 2 years Languages essential English, French, Arab Essential requirements
> Experience in the Field mandatory
Keyword: F&B; Service Waiter/ Waitress
|
Company Profile
Hozpitality Consulting
Contact Details
Website
Disclaimer: Naukrigulf.com is only a platform to bring jobseekers & employers together. Applicants are advised to research the bonafides of the prospective employer independently. We do NOT endorse any requests for money payments and strictly advice against sharing personal or bank related information.We also recommend you visit
for more information. If you suspect any fraud or malpractice, email us at
To*
From*
Subject*
Email:
Password:
Upload a latest profile photo
A CV with photo has 40% higher chances of getting noticed by employers
Upload Profile Photo
This is how your profile photo will look like.To make adjustments, you can drag around and resize the yellow dashed-square on the right panel.
When you are satisfied with your photo click the "Save Photo" button.
Browse Jobs by
Jobs By Location
Jobs By Category
Job Seekers
Recruiters
Partner Sites
Company
Information
All rights reserved © 2001-
2014 Info Edge (India) Ltd.