GulfTalent.com
BD, Marketing & Events Manager
Charterhouse
UAE
Posted on: 6 May 2014
THE ROLE
Expand all
Charterhouse is working with an international law firm who are undergoing a period of restructure and growth within their business development and marketing function. Our client is looking to hire a BD, Marketing and Events Manager to fit into a multi-faceted role based in Dubai.
Your key responsibilities will be centred on business development, marketing and events. You will be involved in writing bids and proposals and will assist in all matters relating to pitches and marketing activities for the firm on a regional level. Your responsibilities will include events and seminars which are regularly held for clients to discuss and learn about topical issues and new regulations.
REQUIREMENTS
The successful candidate should be Western educated, a native English speaker and possess exceptional written skills. You should have a minimum of six years’ commercial experience in a corporate culture and ideally from within a legal environment or law firm. It is essential you have solid success and proven ability assisting in developing clients through business development initiatives and marketing. Exposure to organising corporate events or conferences would be advantageous. Our client has expressed a preference for a candidate with experience in the Middle East market.
ABOUT THE COMPANY
During the last ten years, Charterhouse has been operating across Dubai, Abu Dhabi and the GCC Markets. In many ways, we were the recruiter who established and set the standards within the regional recruitment industry benchmarking and innovating the service levels associated to Search and Selection.
Charterhouse understands the dynamics attached to talent acquisition, relationship management and the required service levels within the regional industry. Our heritage is now our main strength as we continue to work within our core markets to deliver key account management and strong contingency recruitment practices to our clients and candidates.
Send
|
|