nabbesh.com - Post and Search for Skills
Helpdesk
Log in
or log in with your email
The #1 destination to hire Freelance Talent on demand!
Save time and money by using our matching search engine, project management tools and secure payment solution to hire talent online within hours!
Communicate privately through our messaging system.
Send a proposal and request a deposit from a client through Nabbesh in 1 easy step!
Send an invoice to a client once work is complete and receive your money safely through Nabbesh.
Your gateway to the most diverse talent pool
Freelancers from +108 cities across the Middle East & North Africa Guaranteed to complete any freelance job!
35,041
Freelancers
3,878
Freelance Jobs
4,170
Skills
+3000 freelance jobs were posted on Nabbesh in 2013
Here's what our clients are saying about us
In one month, we hired a Market Research freelancer in Beirut and a Photographer in Dubai and a Visual Harvester from Belgium for a project in Kuwait! I was impressed with the speed of finding and hiring talent through Nabbesh!
Fares GhandourOperations Manager at Wamda
An easy to use portal full of diverse and skilled talent from the whole region; a great tool for any individual or company wishing to find flexible solutions to their business needs!
Craig HawkesCreative Services Director at Leo Burnett
Nabbesh never disappoints! Whether we are looking for a photographer, filmmaker, content writer or finance professional - we have been able to find the right candidates on the platform. We have consistently chosen Nabbesh over other platforms because of the quality of the community.
May HabibCEO at Qordoba.com
So how does Nabbesh work?
Why should I use Nabbesh to hire talent?
Nabbesh offers a secure payment solution to keep your money safe
On demand access to skilled regional talent
Hire expert talent to complete any freelance job
Get the work delivered as per your scope
Secure online payments only after delivery of work
Nabbesh has been recognized by local & regional media
for its innovative approach to tackle unemployment in the region
Your comments
About Nabbesh
Nabbesh.com was founded in 2012 in the United Arab Emirates to address the Middle East and North Africa region’s unemployment challenges by virtually connecting local and global businesses with expert talent from the region. Nabbesh.com is the region’s first online work marketplace providing the talented men, women and youth of this region with a platform to market their skills, showcase their work, get hired for jobs and earn an income safely online.
© Copyright 2014 nabbesh
Navigation
Security of Payment