Sous Chef/ Head jobs in Hozpitality Consulting in UAE - United Arab Emirates - Naukrigulf.com
Job Seekers Login:
|
Sous Chef/ Head
at Hozpitality Consulting in
-
Posted: May
5, 2014 Exp:
2 - 4
yrs.
| Opening(s): 1
Education: Basic - Bachelor of Hotel Management(Hotel Management)
Gender: Not Mentioned
Industry Type:
/
/
/
Functional Area:
/
/
/
Your Message could not be sent.
Your message has been sent
Job Description
Share
1.1 Works in close cooperation with all other key departments in the hotel
1.2 Prepares duty schedules in the kitchen operation.
1.3 Works hands on towards the timely kitchen preparations for all meal service periods in the outlets and Banquet activities.
1.4 Regularly tours through all Kitchens, Stores and other food production facilities ensuring the highest possible hygiene and maintenance standards and pushes for the highest degree in applied hygiene and food safety.
1.5 Monitors and correct the appearance (condition of uniform) and grooming of all assigned staff.
1.6 Evaluates the performance through PDR’s of the assigned team and recommends internal promotions.
1.7 Handles guest complaints directly if the situation requires.
1.8 Updated on all daily Banquet activities.
1.9 Drives together with the Executive (Sous) Chef all extracurricular
events in the outlets as per the annual promotions activity calendar.
Page 2 of 3
1.10 Controls the food cost by preparing / reviewing / all store requisition and direct purchases submits them for signature and ensures the accurate delivery of goods.
1.11 Ensures that his / her immediate reliever is well informed about all relevant operational issues.
1.12 Directs the development of future Senior Chefs.
1.13 Conducts daily checks on the appearance (condition of uniforms) and grooming of assigned staff.
1.14 Conducts regular spot checks on expiry dates of food products.
1.15 Prepares hands on all menu changes and contributes to standardizing the presentation of all dishes.
1.16 Ensures that all dishes leaving the kitchen are of appropriate portion and well presented as per recipes and presentation standards.
1.17 Handles all food transfers out of the kitchen to other areas and ensures proper documentation.
1.18 Ensures the proper handling of all FF&E; and operating equipment.
1.19 Participates in establishing the month end inventory in all areas.
1.20 Controls day to day all kitchen payroll related documents, prior to their signature and submission to the paymaster
1.21 Attends meetings (on behalf) and conducts daily briefings with all key personnel if the situation requires, ensuring open communication lines.
1.22 Participates to meet the departments’ revenue budget and exercises the constant control of operational costs (food, labor, maintenance).
1.23 Familiar with the company’s internal policies and all safety procedures,
1.24 Conducts competition checks (on instructions) to assist the company in being updated on local industrial activities
Keyword: Sous Chef/ Head
|
Company Profile
Hozpitality Consulting
Contact Details
Website
Disclaimer: Naukrigulf.com is only a platform to bring jobseekers & employers together. Applicants are advised to research the bonafides of the prospective employer independently. We do NOT endorse any requests for money payments and strictly advice against sharing personal or bank related information.We also recommend you visit
for more information. If you suspect any fraud or malpractice, email us at
To*
From*
Subject*
Email:
Password:
Upload a latest profile photo
A CV with photo has 40% higher chances of getting noticed by employers
Upload Profile Photo
This is how your profile photo will look like.To make adjustments, you can drag around and resize the yellow dashed-square on the right panel.
When you are satisfied with your photo click the "Save Photo" button.
Browse Jobs by
Jobs By Location
Jobs By Category
Job Seekers
Recruiters
Partner Sites
Company
Information
All rights reserved © 2001-
2014 Info Edge (India) Ltd.