F&B; Waiter jobs in Hozpitality Consulting in UAE - United Arab Emirates - Naukrigulf.com
Job Seekers Login:
|
F&B; Waiter
at Hozpitality Consulting in
-
Posted: May
5, 2014 Exp:
2 - 4
yrs.
| Opening(s): 1
Education: Basic - Diploma(Hotel Management)
Gender: Not Mentioned
Industry Type:
/
/
/
Functional Area:
/
/
/
Your Message could not be sent.
Your message has been sent
Job Description
Share
1.1 Attends regular training sessions in line with the departmental SOP’s i.e. guest care, product knowledge, grooming standards, up-selling, etc.
1.2 Works as per instructions from the immediate Supervisor and as per duty shifts i.e. basic cleaning work, polishing equipment, table setting, collects materials / goods from other departments, etc.
1.3 Communicates directly with guests i.e. presents menus, helps with recommendations, receives orders, places orders and handles payments.
1.4 Ensures proper appearance (condition of uniforms) and grooming whilst on duty.
1.5 Works (hands on) towards the timely set up of the assigned Food & Beverage outlet, according to the meal settings and in line with the opening hours.
1.6 Handles the guest greeting upon arrival and their seating through the hostess.
1.7 Ensures that under no circumstances the entrance is left unattended.
1.8 Maintains a professional / friendly, yet discreet relationship with the outlet patrons to ensure their well-being.
Page 2 of 3
1.9 Makes himself / herself familiar with all menus, promotions, and other relevant issues concerning the outlet (product knowledge).
1.10 Reports cleanliness and maintenance issues to the immediate Supervisor.
1.11 Handles guest complaints as per instructions or consults the immediate Supervisor.
1.12 Does all mise en place work according to the whole day service requirements.
1.13 Attends all regular departmental briefings and contributes to an open communication within the assigned team.
1.14 Contributes to meet / maximize the monthly revenue budget for the respective outlet and understands to control the operational expenses.
1.15 Familiar with the company’s internal policies and safety procedures
1.16 Helps in other areas of the Hotel if the situation requires.
Competitive Salary & Benefits
Keyword: F&B; Waiter
|
Company Profile
Hozpitality Consulting
Contact Details
Website
Disclaimer: Naukrigulf.com is only a platform to bring jobseekers & employers together. Applicants are advised to research the bonafides of the prospective employer independently. We do NOT endorse any requests for money payments and strictly advice against sharing personal or bank related information.We also recommend you visit
for more information. If you suspect any fraud or malpractice, email us at
To*
From*
Subject*
Email:
Password:
Upload a latest profile photo
A CV with photo has 40% higher chances of getting noticed by employers
Upload Profile Photo
This is how your profile photo will look like.To make adjustments, you can drag around and resize the yellow dashed-square on the right panel.
When you are satisfied with your photo click the "Save Photo" button.
Browse Jobs by
Jobs By Location
Jobs By Category
Job Seekers
Recruiters
Partner Sites
Company
Information
All rights reserved © 2001-
2014 Info Edge (India) Ltd.