GulfTalent.com
Document Contoller
EMDAD
Abu Dhabi, UAE
Posted on: 6 May 2014
THE ROLE
Expand all
The job responsibilities includes;
1.	Maintain
all incoming and outgoing documents of the company.
2.	Keep, maintain and create employee files, legal files and related documents in systematic and standard order.
3.	Scanning and renaming electronic files of all legal documents of the Company and employees.
4.	Tracks registrations of all legal documents, visa and labour cards of the Company.
5.	Ensures proper handling of documents between the PR Department and the Company.
6.	Maintain monthly sponsorship reports from the Ministry of Immigration and Ministry of Labour to be submitted to the Company's Management.
7.	Initiate and maintain monthly reports on the status of PR transactions and employee’s legal documents to be submitted to the Management.
8.	Ensures compliances of HR documents/procedures to standards of the Company.
9.	Types memos, correspondence and other required documents.
REQUIREMENTS
•	1 to 3 years’ experience in PR functions.
•	Knowledge of UAE Labour and Immigration laws
•	Ability to communicate in English and Arabic
•	Ability to understand and carry out verbal and written instructions
•	Ability to maintain confidentiality of company files/information
•	Good working knowledge of Microsoft word, Excel, Powerpoint.
•	Project a professional appearance and providing a positive company image to their clients/government representatives.
ABOUT THE COMPANY
EMDAD LLC, the flagship company, has been active for over three decades in supporting the energy sector with cutting edge technologies from world-leading solution providers, integrating divergent divisions that match the technical/engineering organization and conversant with the procurement and contracting practices of their major customers in the UAE and the region. Its commitment to qualitative excellence is amply reflected in the proud accomplishments, as one of the early companies to be ISO 9000, ISO 14000, OSHAS 18000 accredited, and winner of the Sheikh Khalifa Excellence Award 2000 in the very first year of its inception. With strong stakeholder base, invaluable experience in the market, excellent relationship with principals and clients alike and a highly professional workforce, EMDAD is realigning its focus in tune with the nation's new perspective. Enabling the country as well as the region in its own way to enter the fast track to industrial self-reliance and development. Envisioning a future rich with daunting challenges and, at the same time, rewarding opportunities.
Send
|
|