GulfTalent.com
Site Architect - Iconic project - Immediate Start
Robinson Faris Jones - Human Resources (RFJ-HR)
Abu Dhabi, UAE
Posted on: 6 May 2014
THE ROLE
Expand all
Reputable International Architecture firm who have a prestigious project portfolio of landmark projects in the Middle East and Internationally are seeking Abu Dhabi based Architects to join their team on iconic project delivery in the Capital.
Candidates for the role of Senior Architect are invited to apply.
A Senior Architect who will be responsible for liaison with Abu Dhabi local authorities and managing IBC Code compliance.
The role is specific review of design documentation against local authority requirements, site based role ensuring construction is as per the approved drawings.
Managing the permitting process with local authorities for Architecture and supporting the Engineer of Record.
REQUIREMENTS
This candidate MUST have recent site experience in Abu Dhabi.
This candidate will have between 5 -10 years project delivery experience, post Graduation of Bachelor of Architecture from an internationally reputed University. Most recently this experience will be based in UAE with project experience of medium to large - scale projects in Abu Dhabi.
This individual will have strong design management and excellent knowledge of construction in Abu Dhabi.
Previous and most recent experience in dealing with Abu Dhabi Authorities is most advantageous, with site experience of high end design projects.
Excellent English skills are required for communication and presentations to client, authorities and contractors.
ABOUT THE COMPANY
Robinson Faris Jones - Human Resources (RFJ-HR), is a new bespoke HR and Resourcing Consultancy tailored to giving individuals and companies alike a premier and personal service.
Consisting only of Director level personnel, each with over 7 years experience of working within the Gulf Region, we aim to alleviate all the issues and frustrations traditionally associated with using a Resourcing or external HR service. Each client and candidate is hand picked and dealt with by a Director personally thus ensuring that all parties get the level of service they expect.
The industries we specialise in are as follows:
Property & Facilities Management
Construction
Engineering
Architecture
Civil & Structural
Sales & Marketing
Business Support
Human Resources
Aligned with this we also offer a comprehensive range of Training and Development courses in a variety of disciplines. Our Trainers are all professionally qualified in their chosen fields and are available on a short or longer term interim period. Our HR Consultancy service offers industry accredited CIPD & SHRM training for HR professionals with coaching and mentoring for individuals wishing to gain qualifications from these bodies.
Send
|
|