GulfTalent.com
Performance Appraisal & Training Specialist
PROCAPITA
Dubai, UAE
Posted on: 6 May 2014
THE ROLE
Expand all
Job Purpose:
Planning, developing and implementing strategy for staff training and development according to the needs of the organization, creating and maintaining of job descriptions, procedures and providing consulting services to management and employees in the area of Performance appraisal management.
Job Responsibilities:
1.	Assess, design & implement a new Performance Management System
2.	Assess and support line managers to set SMART objectives.
3.	Observe and support line managers with performance review session.
4.	Monitor and control line managers ratings to minimize error factors.
5.	Distribute the yearly performance appraisals forms to all departments for implementing increments, salary increases as well as bonus distribution
6.	Implementing reward & recognition programs for employees to encourage important contributions of staff - quarterly, mid year and yearly.
7.	Develop, distribute and maintain employee handbook for new joinees
8.	Analyzes training needs to develop new training programs or modify and improve existing programs.
9.	Formulates training policies and schedules, utilizing knowledge of identified training needs.
10.	Evaluates effectiveness of training programs and instructor performance.
11.	Confers with management and supervisory personnel to identify training needs based on projected production processes, changes, and other factors.
12.	Prepares training budget for department and company
13.	Maintaining and updating the Training software
REQUIREMENTS
-
UAE national
- Completion of BA degree preferably in HR.
- Three to five years of related work experience.
- Good oral and written communication skills.
- Be able to work independently as well as under supervision.
ABOUT THE COMPANY
PROCAPITA is a professional consulting company which has been established with the objective to provide exceptional HR advisory services to organizations in the private and public sector & NGOs.
We operate in three key business areas – HR Advisory, Recruitment Advisory and HR Automation. Our Business ethics is to offer our clients with innovation, integrity and excellence that rest at the very core of our organization. We are confident of providing optimal services to all our clients through delivering practical solutions in line with the leading practices.
Send
|
|