alJazeera Jobs - Business Analyst Buy Side (Asset Management, BA)
Jobs in Qatar, Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, Oman, Bahrain, Dubai, Abu Dhabi by alJazeera Jobs
Select Language
English
Francais
Deutsch
عربي
Español
Português
Русский
Nederlands
Türkçe
اردو
Contact alJazeera Jobs Bahrain: (+973) 16199-113
Serving Arabian Gulf Job Seekers since 2007, alJazeera Jobs
is the established, trusted and leading provider of Jobs in
, , , ,
and .
Subscribe to our custom developed Candidate
Management Service to proactively place your details in Arabic
and English into the HR systems of the leading employers in
the Gulf. Jump to the head of the queue and get hired, sign-up
.
JOB SEARCH
I'm looking for...
In location
Select Country
Saudi Arabia
UAE
Kuwait
Qatar
Bahrain
Oman
other
ACCOUNT MANAGEMENT:
|
Business Analyst Buy Side (Asset Management, BA)
06 May 2014 02:44 PM - UAE
.Business Analyst Buy Side (Investment Management, Business Analysis, Project Management, Buy Side, Asset Management, Delivery, Programmes, Charles River, stakeholder management, change programmes) Global consultancy is looking for a Business Analyst to work on the delivery of Charles River and other Investment/Asset Management solutions for their client onsite at their Head Office in Abu Dhabi. The Business Analyst will be responsible for the analysis and delivery of multiple, business critical projects, for investment & asset management solutions within the business. The Business Analyst will be involved in the stakeholder management, analysis, documentation, understanding requirements, resource allocation, workshops and getting the projects completed on time and to budget. The suitable candidate MUST have come from a proven Business Analysis background delivering Investment Management, Asset Management or Buy Side solutions for clients. In depth knowledge of Investment Management, Project Management, Buy Side, Asset Management, Delivery, Programmes, Charles River, Latent Zero, stakeholder management is key. Excellent interpersonal and communication skills are essential. Business Analyst Buy Side (Investment Management,Business Analysis, Project Management, Buy Side, Asset Management, Delivery, Programmes, Charles River, stakeholder management). Due to the high volume of CV responses for this role, we may not be able to contact all applicants. If you have not heard back from us in 5 working days, we would encourage you to contact the consultant directly. Information contained in this email is intended for the use of the addressee only, and is confidential. Please notify the sender immediately if received by error. Streamline Connections Ltd cannot accept liability for any errors or omissions in the contents of this message, which may arise as a result of e-mail transmission. Please note Streamline Connections Ltd may monitor, analyse and archive email traffic, data and the content of email for the purposes of security, legal compliance and staff (more...)
JS
Advertisement
|
|
|
|
|
All rights reserved - AlJazeeraJobs ® is a registered trade mark and unauthorised usage is strictly prohibited.
|
, , , , ,