Marketing Analyst Job in Sharjah - Mohamed Abdul Rahman Al Bahar - Bayt.com
OK
Cancel
Loading...
Loading...
Jobs
Jobs
Salaries
People Companies Specialties
- All -
- All -Algeria (12)Bahrain (115)Dubai (1557)Egypt (501)Iraq (81)Jordan (391)Kuwait (742)Lebanon (250)Libya (16)Morocco (12)Oman (96)Pakistan (34)Qatar (1059)Saudi Arabia (2772)Sri Lanka (0)Tunisia (6)UAE (3585)Yemen (3)
Loading...
Menu - []
›
› Job Description
Marketing Analyst
- ,
Date Posted: 2014/05/06 11:17:29
Ref. JB3047854
Job Description
Responsible for performing research and providing insights regarding the market, trends, competitors, potential and existing customers, and current campaigns.
Key responsibilities are but not limited to:
* Track industry information, and research competitor activities and industry trends.
* Analyze marketing metrics to identify cause and effect relationships.
* Generate reports that analyze competition and customers.
* Stay abreast of market and industry trends.
* Organize and manage cross-tactic marketing data.
* Standardize and broaden marketing metric reporting and tracking.
* Develop new ways of viewing and analyzing marketing data.
Must Have (Advanced)
statistical analysis and research methodologies, advanced computer skills
(mainly Ms Excel).
Skills
Qualifications and Skills required:
-
Minimum of a bachelor’s degree in any of the following fields: business administration, economics, marketing or statistics
-	Advanced analytical skills & enjoys dealing with numbers and seeing patterns and trends.
-	Background on market research and analytical job is an advantage but not mandatory
-	Excellent interpersonal communication skills & with pleasing personality
-	Advanced knowledge in Excel
-	Knowledge in visual basics, other spreadsheet, statistical software or CRM system are plus points but not mandatory
Education
bachelor’s degree (business administration, economics, marketing or statistics)
Job Details
Job Location:
Sharjah, United Arab Emirates
Company Industry:
Other
Company Type:
Employer (Private Sector)
Job Role:
Marketing/PR
Joining Date:
2014-06-01
Employment Status:
Full time
Employment Type:
Employee
Monthly Salary Range:
Unspecified
Manages Others:
No
Number of Vacancies:
1
Preferred Candidate
Career Level:
Entry Level
Years of Experience:
Min: 1 Max: 5
Residence Location:
United Arab Emirates
Gender:
Unspecified
Nationality:
Unspecified
Degree:
Bachelor's degree / higher diploma
About This Company
Mohamed Abdulrahman Al-Bahar, founded in 1937 is one of the leading business houses in the Arabian Gulf with two major divisions – the Machinery Group and the General Trading Group.
Through the Machinery Group, established in 1959, we represent Caterpillar® in Bahrain, Kuwait, Qatar, UAE and in Oman through our associate – Oasis Trading and Equipment Co. Our head office is located in Sharjah, UAE.
Caterpillar® machinery and power systems are supplied by Al-Bahar for a wide variety of applications including earthmoving, building and heavy construction, mining, road making, demolition, waste and scrap handling, electric power generation, marine propulsion etc.
Additionally, through our extensive line-up of materials handling equipment including Caterpillar® and KoneCranes Lift Trucks, Hiab and Terex Cranes, Atlet Warehouse Trucks and Landoll Narrow Aisle Trucks, Al-Bahar extends its services to an even wider variety of industries.
With more than 2800 knowledgeable and experienced staff in 11 branches around the Arabian Gulf, the Machinery Group of Al-Bahar offers:
- Customized solutions for Equipment and Power Systems requirement including Sales and Rental, New and Used.
- The region’s highest Full-Fill-First-Pick availability of Spare Parts and
- Best-in-class Service Support that includes Workshops and Field Service, Fabrication, maintenance and repair contracts and training.
Date Posted: 2014/05/06 11:17:29
Ref. JB3047854
Similar Jobs
Recommended Courses
Invite Your
Friends to Bayt.com
Find Jobs
About Bayt.com
Bayt.com is the leading job site in the Gulf and Middle East, connecting job seekers with employers looking to hire.
Every day, thousands of new job vacancies are listed on the award-winning platform from the region's top employers.
Company
Quick Links
Follow
© 2000-2014 Bayt.com, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
-
Reproduction of material from any Bayt.com pages without written permission is strictly prohibited.