Parts Specialist / Parts Advisor / Parts Sales Representative Job in Dubai - Bayt.com
OK
Cancel
Loading...
Loading...
Jobs
Jobs
Salaries
People Companies Specialties
- All -
- All -Algeria (12)Bahrain (115)Dubai (1557)Egypt (501)Iraq (81)Jordan (391)Kuwait (742)Lebanon (250)Libya (16)Morocco (12)Oman (96)Pakistan (34)Qatar (1059)Saudi Arabia (2772)Sri Lanka (0)Tunisia (6)UAE (3585)Yemen (3)
Loading...
Menu - []
›
› Job Description
Parts Specialist / Parts Advisor / Parts Sales Representative
Confidential Company - ,
Date Posted: 2014/05/06 11:07:30
Ref. JB3047824
Job Description
Our client is a leading distributor in heavy road machinery, construction equipment, mining equipment, services and support. With operations currently in 6 countries, our client is renowned for the high quality products and services delivered to customers as well as rapid career progression for employees.
Based in Dubai, reporting to the Group Logistics and Inventory Director, the key responsibilities of the Parts Specialist include:
• Liaising with customers and internal stakeholders on identification, ordering and supply of parts based on description provided
•Liaising with the logistics team to expedite the transport of these parts from global markets to construction/mining sites in Africa
• Reporting to the Director on activities and customer trends and requirements
• Assisting customers with spare parts requirements within the least time frame possible.
• Identifying the part number and specific part type based on description of the use and physical appearance (of the spare part)from customers.
Skills
The successful candidate for this Parts Specialist role must:
• Have a minimum 2 years experience in a construction/mining equipment company
• Have technical knowledge of spare parts for construction and mining equipment
• Have experience of working with spare part for KOMATSU, CATERPILLAR, WIRTGEN or similar brands of construction/mining equipment.
• Be based in Dubai or the Middle East region
• Strong communication skills and ability to deal with customers in Africa
Our client is a leading distributor in heavy construction equipment, mining equipment, services and support. With operations in 6 countries, our client is renowned for the high quality products and services delivered to customers as well as rapid career progression for employees. To support the rapid expansion within the organization, the company is recruiting a Parts Specialist based in Dubai to service construction/mining sites based in Africa.
The successful candidate will be offered a full tax free salary (basic, housing, transport) as well as flights, medical, and bonus. This is a great opportunity for the right candidate to take their career to the next stage.
This job is posted in the following Specialties:
Job Details
Job Location:
Dubai, United Arab Emirates
Company Industry:
Construction; Distributions and Logistics
Company Type:
Recruitment Agency
Job Role:
Customer Service
Joining Date:
Unspecified
Employment Status:
Full time
Employment Type:
Employee
Monthly Salary Range:
$3,000 - $4,000
Manages Others:
No
Number of Vacancies:
1
Preferred Candidate
Career Level:
Mid Career
Years of Experience:
Unspecified
Residence Location:
Unspecified
Gender:
Unspecified
Nationality:
Unspecified
Degree:
Unspecified
Date Posted: 2014/05/06 11:07:30
Ref. JB3047824
Recommended Courses
Invite Your
Friends to Bayt.com
Find Jobs
About Bayt.com
Bayt.com is the leading job site in the Gulf and Middle East, connecting job seekers with employers looking to hire.
Every day, thousands of new job vacancies are listed on the award-winning platform from the region's top employers.
Company
Quick Links
Follow
© 2000-2014 Bayt.com, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
-
Reproduction of material from any Bayt.com pages without written permission is strictly prohibited.