HR Assistant Job in Abu Dhabi - Abu Dhabi Supplies & Commercial Services - Bayt.com
OK
Cancel
Loading...
Loading...
Jobs
Jobs
Salaries
People Companies Specialties
- All -
- All -Algeria (12)Bahrain (114)Dubai (1518)Egypt (494)Iraq (73)Jordan (385)Kuwait (740)Lebanon (251)Libya (15)Morocco (12)Oman (96)Pakistan (34)Qatar (1058)Saudi Arabia (2759)Sri Lanka (64)Tunisia (6)UAE (3541)Yemen (3)
Loading...
Menu - []
›
› Job Description
HR Assistant
- ,
Date Posted: 2014/05/06 10:56:29
Ref. JB3047839
Job Description
Summary of Functions:
Under general supervision, performs a variety of human resource support duties such as the HR database, employee files and records, clerical work. The HR Assistant will provide the support to the HR Department in day-to-day duties. The position will perform general support functions and assist in other HR personnel as necessary.
MAJOR DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES:
• Updates records of employees in HR systems such as Residence, Passport, Health Cards, Driving License, Custody and other documents needed;
• Assist on administering and tracking of application for renewal of Residence Permit with ID cards, health cards, driving license, labor contracts and others;
• Maintains file documentation and a comprehensive filing and records management system;
• Provides assistance to HR personnel for Recruitment, Payroll, etc. and other employees for immediate retrieval of their needed information/records;
• Assists with other staff members to ensure implementation of all HR policies and procedures
• Maintains the integrity and confidentiality of employees files in the HRMS and in the PFF;
• Performs other related duties as may be required by immediate supervisor.
Skills
QUALIFICATIONS:
• Bachelor’s degree in Psychology, Management or related field
• Minimum of 1 year experience in Human Resources Department
• Excellent interpersonal and communication skills
• Flexible, has the ability to work under pressure and deadline driven
Job Details
Job Location:
Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates
Company Industry:
Other
Company Type:
Employer (Private Sector)
Job Role:
Human Resources/Personnel
Joining Date:
Unspecified
Employment Status:
Unspecified
Employment Type:
Unspecified
Monthly Salary Range:
Unspecified
Manages Others:
Unspecified
Number of Vacancies:
1
Preferred Candidate
Career Level:
Mid Career
Years of Experience:
Unspecified
Residence Location:
Unspecified
Gender:
Unspecified
Nationality:
Unspecified
Degree:
Unspecified
About This Company
Abu Dhabi Supplies & Commercial Services has built a solid reputation of successfully providing a variety of supplies and services to a myriad of international and local clients.
ASCS successfully operates Several Divisions in UAE, Qatar, Oman, Kuwait, Bahrain, Kyrgyzstan, Iraq.
Date Posted: 2014/05/06 10:56:29
Ref. JB3047839
Similar Jobs
Recommended Courses
Invite Your
Friends to Bayt.com
Find Jobs
About Bayt.com
Bayt.com is the leading job site in the Gulf and Middle East, connecting job seekers with employers looking to hire.
Every day, thousands of new job vacancies are listed on the award-winning platform from the region's top employers.
Company
Quick Links
Follow
© 2000-2014 Bayt.com, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
-
Reproduction of material from any Bayt.com pages without written permission is strictly prohibited.