Senior Manager- Operations Job in Dubai - Bayt.com
OK
Cancel
Loading...
Loading...
Jobs
Jobs
Salaries
People Companies Specialties
- All -
- All -Algeria (12)Bahrain (115)Dubai (1557)Egypt (501)Iraq (81)Jordan (391)Kuwait (742)Lebanon (250)Libya (16)Morocco (12)Oman (96)Pakistan (34)Qatar (1059)Saudi Arabia (2772)Sri Lanka (0)Tunisia (6)UAE (3585)Yemen (3)
Loading...
Menu - []
›
› Job Description
Senior Manager- Operations
Confidential Company - ,
Date Posted: 2014/05/06 10:38:53
Ref. JB3047827
Job Description
Lead and direct ICT Cluster’s Community Services, Administration/Reception & Projects for DIC & DOZ business & services in order to generate and maximise revenue and profitability in the most cost efficient manner aligned with the overall strategy of the company.
Lead the implementation and undertake operational leadership of Community Services Department through development of the Community Services with special emphasis on Value-Added-Services, Corporate Social Responsibilities, and Networking Events.
Develop and implement community enhancement activities to add value proposition for the department and enhance visitor experience to meet/exceed customer expectations and increase the brand image of the cluster.
Actively engage in strategic community service planning and delivery and initiate Corporate Social Responsibility related activities Initiate and value added activities /special projects to ensure that the cluster is aligned with overall TECOM objectives and serve as an agent of change to facilitate continuous development of related activities.
Maintain good relationships with the relevant business community through the organizing of networking opportunities, forums, seminars and customer exposure to ensure that all possible opportunity for business partnering is captured in the best interest of the business thereby increasing potential revenue opportunities
Conduct regular formal and informal meetings with community to discuss their expectations and materialize their feedback and launch Value-Added-Services to enhance cluster benefits.
Oversee the activities of the department for VIP delegates to ensure that all visits are in line with defined guidelines and as per company protocol to ensure that all experiences are positive and productive.
Provide inputs and suggestions for the continuous improvement of departmental/section practices taking into account ‘international best practice’, changes in international standards and changes in the business environment which demand proactive action plans in line with company objectives
Lead and manage the development, modernization, performance and review of community enhancement services through provision of effective and visible direction to manage the day to day departmental operations.
Manage Special Projects to constantly redefine value proposition of the community services.
Develop Networking Opportunities with and high net worth potential customers to enable business growth for to increase the awareness of the community.
Manage operational plans and financial functions for the department in line with the approved budgets and maintain cost efficiency in all operations to maximize profitability through maximization and utilization of resources to obtain high level of productivity.
Ensure compliance with policies, processes, procedures and practices followed by departmental staff to fulfill the business objectives.
Skills
Graduate degree in Business Management or related areas.
In-depth understanding of setting and enforcing all operational procedures
Strong practical experience in managing a team.
A minimum of 8-10 years relevant and demonstrated experience.
Ability to communicate effectively.
A sound financial and business outlook.
Inspirational Leadership
Strategic Alignment & Execution
Change Management
Developing self and others
Drive for results
Working with people
This job is posted in the following Specialties:
Education
BusinessManagement
Job Details
Job Location:
Dubai, United Arab Emirates
Company Industry:
Other
Company Type:
Employer (Private Sector)
Job Role:
Research
Joining Date:
Unspecified
Employment Status:
Full time
Employment Type:
Employee
Monthly Salary Range:
Unspecified
Manages Others:
Yes
Number of Vacancies:
1
Preferred Candidate
Career Level:
Management
Years of Experience:
Min: 7 Max: 10
Residence Location:
United Arab Emirates
Gender:
Unspecified
Nationality:
Algeria; Austria; Bahrain; Belgium; Comoros; Denmark; Djibouti; Egypt; Finland; France; Germany; Great Britain (UK); Greece; Iceland; India; Iraq; Ireland; Italy; Jordan; Kuwait; Lebanon; Libya; Luxembourg; Mauritania; Morocco; Netherlands; Norway; Oman; Pakistan; Palestine; Philippines; Portugal; Qatar; Saudi Arabia; Somalia; Spain; Sudan; Sweden; Switzerland; Syria; Tunisia; United Arab Emirates; Yemen
Degree:
Bachelor's degree / higher diploma
Date Posted: 2014/05/06 10:38:53
Ref. JB3047827
Recommended Courses
Invite Your
Friends to Bayt.com
Find Jobs
About Bayt.com
Bayt.com is the leading job site in the Gulf and Middle East, connecting job seekers with employers looking to hire.
Every day, thousands of new job vacancies are listed on the award-winning platform from the region's top employers.
Company
Quick Links
Follow
© 2000-2014 Bayt.com, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
-
Reproduction of material from any Bayt.com pages without written permission is strictly prohibited.