Accommodations Supervisor jobs in Hozpitality Consulting in UAE - United Arab Emirates - Naukrigulf.com
Job Seekers Login:
|
Accommodations Supervisor
at Hozpitality Consulting in
-
Posted: May
5, 2014 Exp:
2 - 3
yrs.
| Opening(s): 1
Education: Basic - Diploma(Hotel Management)
Gender: Not Mentioned
Industry Type:
/
/
/
Functional Area:
/
/
/
Your Message could not be sent.
Your message has been sent
Job Description
Share
For a renowned 5 star luxury hotel in DubaiLocation: Dubai, UAE	Industry: HospitalityLevel: Supervisory levelDepartment: Human ResourcesMin. exp. in same role: 2 yearsMin. exp. in same industry: 3 yearsEducation: Degree/DiplomaSalary: AED 2,500 - 3,000 plus Accommodation, Transport, meals and other hotel benefitsAdditional details:
•	Working knowledge of Ms Word, PowerPoint and Excel
•	Excellent written and verbal communication skills.
•	Ability to communicate with internal and external customers.•	Able to develop and build harmonious working relationships with colleagues and management.•	Ability to lead by example.•	Organization and effective time management skills.
•	Must be confidential in all Human Resources matters.•	Understanding and ability to work in a multi-cultural environment.•	Ability to be proactive and uses initiative to develop better ways of working.•	Colleague housing experience preferably in a five star hotel.
Keyword: Accommodations Supervisor
|
Company Profile
Hozpitality Consulting
Contact Details
Website
Disclaimer: Naukrigulf.com is only a platform to bring jobseekers & employers together. Applicants are advised to research the bonafides of the prospective employer independently. We do NOT endorse any requests for money payments and strictly advice against sharing personal or bank related information.We also recommend you visit
for more information. If you suspect any fraud or malpractice, email us at
To*
From*
Subject*
Email:
Password:
Upload a latest profile photo
A CV with photo has 40% higher chances of getting noticed by employers
Upload Profile Photo
This is how your profile photo will look like.To make adjustments, you can drag around and resize the yellow dashed-square on the right panel.
When you are satisfied with your photo click the "Save Photo" button.
Browse Jobs by
Jobs By Location
Jobs By Category
Job Seekers
Recruiters
Partner Sites
Company
Information
All rights reserved © 2001-
2014 Info Edge (India) Ltd.