Leap29 - Senior Mechanical Engineer
OIL AND GAS
Senior Mechanical Engineer
REF J40339
Location United Arab Emirates
Contract Type
Permanent
Senior Mechanical Engineer
My client is in need of a Senior Mechanical Engineer to join their team and work for them in Abu Dhabi. This is a great opportunity to work with one of the world’s largest Oil and Gas operators. You will be working onshore in a permanent position.
Key accountabilities of this job as a Senior Mechanical Engineer are that candidates evaluate and recommend pre engineering and engineering concepts, designs and development for mechanical systems and plants associated with the Company's oil and gas production, pressure maintenance, transport and export.
To be suitable for this role as a Senior Mechanical Engineer, it is required for you to have the following background:
• 12 years' experience in design and development of projects related to oil and gas industry.
• B.Sc in Mechanical Engineering.
Some of the Key Responsibilities that you will be given are as follows:
• Develops conceptual design options for mechanical systems and plants taking all relevant factors into consideration.
• Uses expertise to challenge effectively current policies / standards and to develop new techniques or approaches to improve operating performance.
• Is the authority in Mechanical engineering and provides guidance and support to engineers in the discipline.
He is the reference point for all the technical issues in his discipline.
As a Senior Mechanical Engineer, an extremely generous ex-pat package will be rewarded for your services. This includes a housing allowance, as well as schooling allowance for your children, medical coverage for your family and a car loan. All of this is on top of a highly competitive salary.
If you feel that you are ready to take the step up and make the move that will change your career, then this is the move for you. If you have the relevant skills and experience, then please apply by following the links provided.
Recruiter Information
Name Steven Copping
Telephone +44 1625 537 555
See below for other jobs that this consultant is actively recruiting for
REF J40599
Location United Arab Emirates
REF J40565
Location United Arab Emirates
REF J40475
Location United Arab Emirates
© Copyright Leap29 Limited 2014. All rights reserved