Showroom Supervisor - Arabic Speaking at Al Zaabi Group of Companies in Musaffah, Abu Dhabi | GNcareers.com
FIND YOUR DREAM JOB
Accounting
Architecture & Design
Arts & Entertainment
Auto Industry
Aviation
Banking & Finance
Beauty, Health & Fitness
Biotechnology & Science
Customer Service
Domestic
Driving
Engineering & Construction
Government & Emiratisation
HR
Hospitality
IT
Insurance
Legal
Logistics
Managerial
Manufacturing & Production
Marketing & PR
Media
Medical
Miscellaneous
Oil & Gas
Purchasing & Procurement
Real Estate & Property Services
Retail & Wholesale
Sales & Business Development
Secretarial
Teaching
Technical & Skilled
Travel
This site requires javascript to be enabled.
[New User? ]
»
Showroom Supervisor - Arabic Speaking
Al Zaabi Group of Companies
Location:
Abu Dhabi, Abu Dhabi
Date: 06-05-2014
Job Code:
AZT SS025
Job Type: Employee
Job Status: Full Time
Categories:
Auto Industry
Al Zaabi Group of Companies
Please see Job Details for Apply instructions
Saved!
Job Details
Supervise all sales and marketing activities in the showroom in order to meet the sales targets and secure growth and profitability in compliance with the company business plan.
1. Supervise all sales and marketing activities in the showroom. 2. Implement all marketing activities in the showroom according to agreed budgets in order to sustain market leadership and secure healthy growth rates. 3. Plan and implement shop merchandising, layout and customer traffic flow so as to maximize sales, customer satisfaction, appearance, image and ergonomics for customers. 4. Supervise selling and customer service activities and staff competence in these areas, so as to optimize and sustain sales performance, profitability and customer satisfaction. 5. Provide quality service by enforcing quality and customer service standards.6. Supervise all stock movement activities: in/out, transfer, sales etc and responsible of showroom stock in a way to eliminate stock shortage and perform stock replenishment in an efficient manner and on due time.
Requirements
Must have experience in Tyre Industry. (Retail or Wholesale shop)
Please see Job Details for Apply instructions
View Similar Jobs:
View More Jobs in Abu Dhabi, Abu Dhabi:
View More Jobs in Abu Dhabi:
FEATURED JOBS
Company
Career Centre
This Site
© Copyright 2014 Al Nisr Publishing LLC - powered by Gulf News
|
|
|
|