Commis III - Hot jobs in Hozpitality Consulting in UAE - United Arab Emirates - Naukrigulf.com
Job Seekers Login:
|
Commis III - Hot
at Hozpitality Consulting in
-
Posted: May
5, 2014 Exp:
1 - 2
yrs.
| Opening(s): 1
Education: Basic - Diploma(Hotel Management)
Gender: Not Mentioned
Industry Type:
/
/
/
Functional Area:
/
/
/
Your Message could not be sent.
Your message has been sent
Job Description
Share
\\"Majestic Hotel Tower is a successful hospitality brand proudly born in Dubai eight years ago. The cornerstone for this success has been the Majestic Hotel people working together in a dynamic, motivating and pleasant environment and with a mission to be a market leaderMajestic Hotel Tower has an unwavering commitment to ensure a happy motivated workforce which results directly in achieving excellence in service and customer care. This means that we focus on the individual to ensure their growth and career development. The hotel has a young, multi-national impassioned management keen to listen to its people giving you the chance to influence outcomes and have a say in decision-making. The business is poised for rapid growth providing real opportunity for growth and career development within the company.We are now looking for:Commis III - Hot ( 01 in No.)	Candidate should have at least 1 year experience in a 4* or 5* property in the hot section in similar job role.Please apply with your CV online now \!
Keyword: Commis III - Hot
|
Company Profile
Hozpitality Consulting
Contact Details
Website
Disclaimer: Naukrigulf.com is only a platform to bring jobseekers & employers together. Applicants are advised to research the bonafides of the prospective employer independently. We do NOT endorse any requests for money payments and strictly advice against sharing personal or bank related information.We also recommend you visit
for more information. If you suspect any fraud or malpractice, email us at
To*
From*
Subject*
Email:
Password:
Upload a latest profile photo
A CV with photo has 40% higher chances of getting noticed by employers
Upload Profile Photo
This is how your profile photo will look like.To make adjustments, you can drag around and resize the yellow dashed-square on the right panel.
When you are satisfied with your photo click the "Save Photo" button.
Browse Jobs by
Jobs By Location
Jobs By Category
Job Seekers
Recruiters
Partner Sites
Company
Information
All rights reserved © 2001-
2014 Info Edge (India) Ltd.