Tax-free bonuses disappoint as Mideast bankers plan job hunt - Business Intelligence Middle East - bi-me.com - News, analysis, reports
7th May, 2014, 00:16
|
|
|
You are here
Go to a section...
About BI-ME
About BI-ME Indices
Advertising
Algeria
Autos & Transport
Bahrain
BI-ME 200 Companies
Business Life
Business News
Consumer & Markets
Consumers
Egypt
FAQs
Finance & Banking
FMCG Retail & Distribution
For a detailed product description click here
For free newsletter click here
For sample analysis click here
GCC
Group Discounts
Healthcare & Education
Industrials
Inflation
Iran
Iraq
Jordan
Kuwait
Lebanon
Levant
Libya
Luxury Goods & Duty Free
Market Environment
Market Potential
Media IT & Telecom
Morocco
Most read articles
News
North Africa
Oil Gas & Utilities
Oman
Other Middle East
Palestinian Territories
Politics & Economics
Ports & Shipping
Press Centre
Qatar
Real Estate
Reports & Commentaries
Saudi Arabia
Services
Syria
The BI-ME Interview
Top News
Travel & Hospitality
Tunisia
UAE
Yemen
Tax-free bonuses disappoint as Mideast bankers plan job hunt
Source: Bloomberg News , Author: Posted by BI-ME staff
Posted: Mon May 5, 2014 10:17 am
UAE. Banking and finance professionals in the Middle East plan to seek new jobs this year after bonuses failed to meet expectations, according to eFinancial Careers.
Almost 60 percent of the region’s financial services employees plan to change position, with 45 percent saying they were disappointed with their bonus, efc said in an e-mailed report.
Bonuses rose for half of Middle East finance professionals, compared with 49 percent in the U.K., 47 percent in the U.S. and Hong Kong and 42 percent in Singapore.
Dubai, which teetered on the brink of default in 2009, is rebounding as equity and property markets soar in the regional business hub. The world’s best-performing stock market and a revival of public offerings are prompting banks and brokerages to renew hiring in Dubai after many cut teams during the crisis.
“Bonuses have failed to meet expectations, and the level of employees looking for a new job is also worrying,” James Bennett, global managing director of the financial services site, said in the report. “If employers can’t meet their employees’ bonus expectations, they will need to find new ways to strengthen the loyalty of their talent.”
Base salaries for 52 percent of the finance professionals surveyed increased, while 47 percent said it was unchanged. A total of 44 percent said they were somewhat or very happy with their base salary, according to the report, based on a survey of 532 finance professionals in the United Arab Emirates in March. Efc, a financial careers website, said 223 of the professionals questioned knew the amount of their 2013 bonus.
The U.A.E., which consists of seven sheikhdoms including Dubai and Abu Dhabi, doesn’t impose taxes on regular income or bonuses. Dubai International Financial Centre, a tax-free business park, is home to regional offices of banks including Deutsche Bank AG, Citigroup Inc (C) and Standard Chartered Plc.
Goldman Sachs Group Inc. is restarting equity sales in the region, two people familiar with the matter said March 7, while billionaire Mikhail Prokhorov’s Renaissance Capital is recruiting for a new Middle East equities business.
National Bank of Abu Dhabi PJSC, the United Arab Emirates’ biggest bank, plans to recruit 450 people this year to improve its retail and commercial banking business, Chief Executive Officer Alex Thursby said in a May 1 interview.
Junior bankers in the U.A.E. are reaping almost 36 percent more salary than their counterparts in London, according to a March report from compensation data provider Emolument.
Fixed salaries at the analyst level average $91,000, compared with $73,000 in the U.K. capital. Bonuses averaged $27,000 compared with $14,000. For associates, fixed pay in the U.A.E. was $107,000, compared with $108,000 in London, while bonuses of $40,000 in the U.K. were about 29 percent higher.
© 2014
Share this page with :
MIDDLE EAST BUSINESS COMMENT & ANALYSIS
date:Posted: May 6, 2014
LEBANON. Report issued by Byblos Bank, in cooperation with the American University of Beirut; "The high cost of living, an eroding purchasing power and the poor quality of basic day-to-day public services, continued to affect consumer confidence."
date:Posted: May 6, 2014
UAE. Rents for prime Grade A space in particular have continued to climb with a 10% increase recorded in Q1, according to Cluttons.
date:Posted: May 6, 2014
UAE. The assessment reflects the risks typically faced by Property/Casualty (P/C) insurers operating in
the UAE, and is derived from S&P;'s view of moderate UAE country risk plus intermediate industry risk prevailing for insurers of P/C lines of business in
the country.
LEBANON. Report issued by Byblos Bank, in cooperation with the American University of Beirut; "The high cost of living, an eroding purchasing power and the poor quality of basic day-to-day public services, continued to affect consumer confidence."
LEBANON. Report issued by Byblos Bank, in cooperation with the American University of Beirut; "The high cost of living, an eroding purchasing power and the poor quality of basic day-to-day public services, continued to affect consumer confidence."
UAE. The Abu Dhabi-based developer teams up with the Latsis Group, Fosun and Lamda Development to work on the development of the former International Airport in Hellenikon.
You are here
Go to a section... About BI-ME About BI-ME Indices Advertising Algeria Autos & Transport Bahrain BI-ME 200 Companies Business Life Business News Consumer & Markets Consumers Egypt FAQs Finance & Banking FMCG Retail & Distribution For a detailed product description click here For free newsletter click here For sample analysis click here GCC Group Discounts Healthcare & Education Industrials Inflation Iran Iraq Jordan Kuwait Lebanon Levant Libya Luxury Goods & Duty Free Market Environment Market Potential Media IT & Telecom Morocco Most read articles News North Africa Oil Gas & Utilities Oman Other Middle East Palestinian Territories Politics & Economics Ports & Shipping Press Centre Qatar Real Estate Reports & Commentaries Saudi Arabia Services Syria The BI-ME Interview Top News Travel & Hospitality Tunisia UAE Yemen
Site Links
SECTORS
COUNTRIES
OTHERS
Copyright © 2011 Business Intelligence Middle East. All rights reserved. . Powered by .