alJazeera Jobs - Area Manager - Vision Express - UAE
Jobs in Qatar, Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, Oman, Bahrain, Dubai, Abu Dhabi by alJazeera Jobs
Select Language
English
Francais
Deutsch
عربي
Español
Português
Русский
Nederlands
Türkçe
اردو
Contact alJazeera Jobs Bahrain: (+973) 16199-113
Serving Arabian Gulf Job Seekers since 2007, alJazeera Jobs
is the established, trusted and leading provider of Jobs in
, , , ,
and .
Subscribe to our custom developed Candidate
Management Service to proactively place your details in Arabic
and English into the HR systems of the leading employers in
the Gulf. Jump to the head of the queue and get hired, sign-up
.
JOB SEARCH
I'm looking for...
In location
Select Country
Saudi Arabia
UAE
Kuwait
Qatar
Bahrain
Oman
other
ACCOUNT MANAGEMENT:
|
Area Manager - Vision Express - UAE
06 May 2014 10:34 AM - UAE
.
At Vision Express, customers' eye health comes first and that's what sets us apart from being just another optical retailer. We offer a detailed and professional eye examination and based on that, we give expert recommendations for our customers' optical needs. We offer customers a wide variety of eyewear, ranging from designer sunglasses and optical frames to contact lenses, all at affordable prices. Our certified Contact Lens Specialists are located in every store offering expert advice to new and existing contact lens wearers. The Role:As Area Manager you will lead multi-site store teams to meet their targets, be responsible for all store and employee development including performance management, coaching and identifying development, and be accountable for visual merchandising in assigned stores. You will also actively contribute to the development of business initiatives including new stores and store closures.You will have/be:- At least 3 years' large store or multi-site experience.- Computer literate.- Excellent English skills (Arabic also desirable but not essential).M.H. Alshaya Co. is a leading international franchise operator for over 70 of the world's most recognised retail brands including Starbucks, H&M;, Mothercare, Debenhams, American Eagle Outfitters, P.F. Chang's, The Ch (more...)
JS
Advertisement
|
|
|
|
|
All rights reserved - AlJazeeraJobs ® is a registered trade mark and unauthorised usage is strictly prohibited.
|
, , , , ,