Sales Manager - Car Foiling and car accessorization. Job in Dubai - Nasir Bin Abdullah & Sons - Bayt.com
OK
Cancel
Loading...
Loading...
Jobs
Jobs
Salaries
People Companies Specialties
- All -
- All -Algeria (12)Bahrain (115)Dubai (1557)Egypt (501)Iraq (81)Jordan (391)Kuwait (742)Lebanon (250)Libya (16)Morocco (12)Oman (96)Pakistan (34)Qatar (1059)Saudi Arabia (2772)Sri Lanka (62)Tunisia (6)UAE (3585)Yemen (3)
Loading...
Menu - []
›
› Job Description
Sales Manager - Car Foiling and car accessorization.
- ,
Date Posted: 2014/05/06 07:51:47
Ref. JB3047745
Job Description
Coordinate sales distribution by establishing sales territories, quotas, and goals and establish training programs for sales of the Car Foiling and car .
Tasks
•Resolve customer complaints regarding sales and service.
•Oversee regional and local sales managers and their staffs.
•Plan and direct staffing, training, and performance evaluations to develop and control sales and service programs.
•Determine price schedules and discount rates.
•Review operational records and reports to project sales and determine profitability.
•Monitor customer preferences to determine focus of sales efforts.
•Prepare budgets and approve budget expenditures.
•Confer or consult with department heads to plan advertising services and to secure information on equipment and customer specifications.
•Direct and coordinate activities involving sales of manufactured products, services, commodities, real estate or other subjects of sale.
•Confer with potential customers regarding equipment needs and advise customers on types of equipment to purchase.
Skills
Speaking — Talking to others to convey information effectively.
Active Listening — Giving full attention to what other people are saying, taking time to understand the points being made, asking questions as appropriate, and not interrupting at inappropriate times.
Social Perceptiveness — Being aware of others' reactions and understanding why they react as they do.
Persuasion — Persuading others to change their minds or behavior.
Coordination — Adjusting actions in relation to others' actions.
Critical Thinking — Using logic and reasoning to identify the strengths and weaknesses of alternative solutions, conclusions or approaches to problems.
Monitoring — Monitoring/Assessing performance of yourself, other individuals, or organizations to make improvements or take corrective action.
Service Orientation — Actively looking for ways to help people.
Judgment and Decision Making — Considering the relative costs and benefits of potential actions to choose the most appropriate one.
Management of Personnel Resources — Motivating, developing, and directing people as they work, identifying the best people for the job.
Job Details
Job Location:
Dubai, United Arab Emirates
Company Industry:
Automotive
Company Type:
Employer (Private Sector)
Job Role:
Customer Service
Joining Date:
Unspecified
Employment Status:
Full time
Employment Type:
Employee
Monthly Salary Range:
$2,000 - $3,000
Manages Others:
Yes
Number of Vacancies:
1
Preferred Candidate
Career Level:
Management
Years of Experience:
Unspecified
Residence Location:
United Arab Emirates
Gender:
Male
Nationality:
Albania; Austria; Belarus; Belgium; Bosnia and Herzegovina; Bulgaria; Croatia (Hrvatska); Czech Republic; Denmark; Estonia; Finland; France; Germany; Great Britain (UK); Greece; Hungary; Iceland; Ireland; Italy; Kosovo; Latvia; Lithuania; Luxembourg; Macedonia; Moldova; Montenegro; Netherlands; Norway; Poland; Portugal; Romania; Russian Federation; Serbia; Slovak Republic; Slovenia; Spain; Sweden; Switzerland; Ukraine
Degree:
Unspecified
About This Company
Nasir Bin Abdullah & Sons, (NAS), was established in 1961 by the late Sheikh Nasir Bin Abdullah Al-Thani, a seasoned entrepreneur and member of the royal family of Qatar.
The company business is comprised of nine different divisions; retail, automobiles, real estate, engineering, hospitality, food and beverage, travel, sports.
We provide some of the most established names in each sector and our clients include sole proprietorships, large organizations, government organizations and companies.
The company is headquartered in Qatar and has branches in Dubai, Bahrain, China, Spain and USA. NAS employs more than 1000 people of different nationalities and professional backgrounds across its businesses.
Date Posted: 2014/05/06 07:51:47
Ref. JB3047745
Recommended Courses
Invite Your
Friends to Bayt.com
Find Jobs
About Bayt.com
Bayt.com is the leading job site in the Gulf and Middle East, connecting job seekers with employers looking to hire.
Every day, thousands of new job vacancies are listed on the award-winning platform from the region's top employers.
Company
Quick Links
Follow
© 2000-2014 Bayt.com, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
-
Reproduction of material from any Bayt.com pages without written permission is strictly prohibited.