Office Administrator (Temporary Contract) Job in Abu Dhabi - Experts International Recrutiment Services - Bayt.com
OK
Cancel
Loading...
Loading...
Jobs
Jobs
Salaries
People Companies Specialties
- All -
- All -Algeria (12)Bahrain (115)Dubai (1557)Egypt (501)Iraq (81)Jordan (391)Kuwait (742)Lebanon (250)Libya (16)Morocco (12)Oman (96)Pakistan (34)Qatar (1059)Saudi Arabia (2772)Sri Lanka (62)Tunisia (6)UAE (3585)Yemen (3)
Loading...
Menu - []
›
› Job Description
Office Administrator (Temporary Contract)
- ,
Date Posted: 2014/05/06 07:26:36
Ref. JB3047739
Job Description
We are currently recruiting for Office Administrator for a Government Oil & Gas Company. The ideal candidate should be able to provide a variety of secretarial and administration duties to the Department/Division Manager, and also to other staff within the department when required. with promptly, and that the office runs smoothly and efficiently. The candidate who are on a Personal Sponsorship Visa and can join immediately are highly preferred.
Salary offered for this position is AED 5,286.
Skills
Completion of Secondary education (12 years), with a further 1 year spent gaining a further Secretarial / Office Management qualification.
Minimum of 3 years related experience.
Computer literate, with knowledge of Windows essential, and knowledge of Intranet and E-mail an advantage.
Good knowledge of written and spoken English and Arabic.
Job Details
Job Location:
Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates
Company Industry:
Oil/Gas
Company Type:
Employer (Private Sector)
Job Role:
Secretarial
Joining Date:
Unspecified
Employment Status:
Full time
Employment Type:
Employee
Monthly Salary Range:
$1,000 - $2,000
Manages Others:
Unspecified
Number of Vacancies:
5
Preferred Candidate
Career Level:
Mid Career
Years of Experience:
Min: 2 Max: 5
Residence Location:
Abu Dhabi,United Arab Emirates
Gender:
Unspecified
Nationality:
Algeria; Bahrain; Comoros; Djibouti; Egypt; Iraq; Jordan; Kuwait; Lebanon; Libya; Mauritania; Morocco; Oman; Palestine; Qatar; Saudi Arabia; Somalia; Sudan; Syria; Tunisia; United Arab Emirates; Yemen
Degree:
High school or equivalent
About This Company
Experts International Recruitment Services, previously Xperts HR Consultancy, is the leading industry and professional body for Manpower Supply and HR Consultancy in the United Arab Emirates, representing a large base of companies and individual members.
First established in early 2005 by UAE National Abdulla Al Muhairi, our specialty lies in providing qualified, professional and skilled people across a wide range of specialized industries and professions for UAE and our neighboring Gulf countries. Be it temporary, contract or permanent positions, we recruit personnel from all over the world.
At EIRS, we believe the right job can transform a person's career, and the right person can transform a business. This is where our expertise lies; finding the candidate and closely matching them to your business requirements. Our services are refined and honed to optimal standards in a manner that ensures our clients are fully satisfied.
As we grew, we created the standards that have come to define modern staffing and recruiting. Customers benefit from Experts International Recruitment Services swift responsiveness, excellent customer service and bilingual staff. Customers do not need to look any further when seeking reliable and time-saving Recruitment & Manpower services as we form deep and long-lasting business partnerships with our clients to ease their staffing dilemmas. We assure our clients our services and solutions, as usual, are cost effective and value-driven.
Our core values lie in:
Professionalism and Respect
Integrity and Innovation
Flexibility and Reliability
Maintaining Exceptional Business Relationships
EIRS's expertise is into Direct Recruitment, Outsourcing, Manpower Recruitment, Tempo Staffing and HR Consultancy
Date Posted: 2014/05/06 07:26:36
Ref. JB3047739
Recommended Courses
Invite Your
Friends to Bayt.com
Find Jobs
About Bayt.com
Bayt.com is the leading job site in the Gulf and Middle East, connecting job seekers with employers looking to hire.
Every day, thousands of new job vacancies are listed on the award-winning platform from the region's top employers.
Company
Quick Links
Follow
© 2000-2014 Bayt.com, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
-
Reproduction of material from any Bayt.com pages without written permission is strictly prohibited.