Receptionist cum Secretary Job in Abu Dhabi - NAFTEC - Bayt.com
OK
Cancel
Loading...
Loading...
Jobs
Jobs
Salaries
People Companies Specialties
- All -
- All -Algeria (12)Bahrain (115)Dubai (1557)Egypt (501)Iraq (81)Jordan (391)Kuwait (742)Lebanon (250)Libya (16)Morocco (12)Oman (96)Pakistan (34)Qatar (1059)Saudi Arabia (2772)Sri Lanka (62)Tunisia (6)UAE (3585)Yemen (3)
Loading...
Menu - []
›
› Job Description
Receptionist cum Secretary
- ,
Date Posted: 2014/05/06 07:12:28
Ref. JB3047486
Job Description
•Provide administrative support to management and the company through conducting and organizing administrative duties and activities including receiving and handling information.
•Provide secretarial assistance such as - arrange appointments, schedule meetings, receive visitors, screen phone calls, and respond to requests for information.
•Monitor and screen all incoming communication for the Manager, prioritize according to importance and bring relevant communication to his/her notice for action.
•Prepare and manage correspondence, reports and documents as required.
•Priorities and bring client related matters/complains to the notice of the Manager.
•Maintain and update files and retrieve relevant information as and when required.
•Maintain database, visiting cards, address, telephone numbers etc.
•Supervise office equipment/ stationery requirements, and prepare a Requirements list monthly to HRD for further action.
•Acts as a customer service officer as required.
Skills
Previous
Experience.
Working or dealing with in contractor/consultant /EPC/Oil & Gas knowledge in commercial processes including LPO invoice etc
Skills
1. Able to take initiative and excellent customer service, telephone etiquettes.
in Microsoft Office programs, email and internet
to work independently , be self managed, handle multiple tasks simultaneously and mange time appropriately given ever changing priorities.
Written and verbal communication Skills.
Knowledge of business and management principles.
Administrative support to all departments.
Job Details
Job Location:
Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates
Company Industry:
Oil/Gas
Company Type:
Employer (Private Sector)
Job Role:
Secretarial
Joining Date:
Unspecified
Employment Status:
Full time
Employment Type:
Employee
Monthly Salary Range:
Unspecified
Manages Others:
Unspecified
Number of Vacancies:
1
Preferred Candidate
Career Level:
Mid Career
Years of Experience:
Min: 2
Residence Location:
United Arab Emirates
Gender:
Female
Nationality:
India; Philippines
Degree:
Certification / diploma
About This Company
Specialized Technologies for Petroleum Engineering LLC (Naftec) is an Abu Dhabi based technology and engineering services company focused on working closely with the oil and gas operators and EPC contractors in the MENA region to advance the development and integration of new technologies and delivering value-added services and solutions.
Date Posted: 2014/05/06 07:12:28
Ref. JB3047486
Recommended Courses
Invite Your
Friends to Bayt.com
Find Jobs
About Bayt.com
Bayt.com is the leading job site in the Gulf and Middle East, connecting job seekers with employers looking to hire.
Every day, thousands of new job vacancies are listed on the award-winning platform from the region's top employers.
Company
Quick Links
Follow
© 2000-2014 Bayt.com, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
-
Reproduction of material from any Bayt.com pages without written permission is strictly prohibited.