Property Consultant Job in Dubai - GIG Real Estate - Bayt.com
OK
Cancel
Loading...
Loading...
Jobs
Jobs
Salaries
People Companies Specialties
- All -
- All -Algeria (12)Bahrain (115)Dubai (1557)Egypt (501)Iraq (81)Jordan (391)Kuwait (742)Lebanon (250)Libya (16)Morocco (12)Oman (96)Pakistan (34)Qatar (1059)Saudi Arabia (2772)Sri Lanka (0)Tunisia (6)UAE (3585)Yemen (3)
Loading...
Menu - []
›
› Job Description
Property Consultant
- ,
Date Posted: 2014/05/06 06:58:48
Ref. JB3047728
Job Description
• Liaising with clients in order to accommodate their sale and rental requirements.
• Ensuring an effective working relationship with owners, developers and clients.
• Maintaining accurate records on properties, clients, and landlords.
• Conducting communication with landlords, tenants / clients and Apex colleagues in a professional and courteous manners.
• Negotiate and conclude leases and sales transactions.
• Prepare contracts and build positive tenant / landlord as well as seller / buyer relationships from introduction to transfer and/or occupancy.
• Respect and follow RERA and Land Department rules and regulations.
Skills
• Effective Communication Skills
• Unstoppable
• Team Player and Hardworking
• Self-Motivated
• Commission-Driven
• UAE Driving License
• Ready to be Top Seller
• Real Estate Experience is an Advantage
This job is posted in the following Specialties:
Job Details
Job Location:
Dubai, United Arab Emirates
Company Industry:
Real Estate
Company Type:
Employer (Private Sector)
Job Role:
Sales
Joining Date:
Unspecified
Employment Status:
Full time
Employment Type:
Employee
Monthly Salary Range:
Unspecified
Manages Others:
No
Number of Vacancies:
1
Preferred Candidate
Career Level:
Mid Career
Years of Experience:
Min: 1
Residence Location:
United Arab Emirates
Gender:
Unspecified
Nationality:
Albania; Austria; Bahrain; Belarus; Belgium; Bosnia and Herzegovina; Bulgaria; Croatia (Hrvatska); Czech Republic; Denmark; Estonia; Finland; France; Germany; Great Britain (UK); Greece; Hungary; Iceland; India; Ireland; Italy; Kosovo; Kuwait; Latvia; Lithuania; Luxembourg; Macedonia; Moldova; Montenegro; Netherlands; Norway; Oman; Poland; Portugal; Qatar; Romania; Russian Federation; Saudi Arabia; Serbia; Slovak Republic; Slovenia; Spain; Sweden; Switzerland; Ukraine; United Arab Emirates
Degree:
High school or equivalent
Date Posted: 2014/05/06 06:58:48
Ref. JB3047728
Similar Jobs
Confidential Company - ,
Confidential Company - ,
Recommended Courses
Invite Your
Friends to Bayt.com
Find Jobs
About Bayt.com
Bayt.com is the leading job site in the Gulf and Middle East, connecting job seekers with employers looking to hire.
Every day, thousands of new job vacancies are listed on the award-winning platform from the region's top employers.
Company
Quick Links
Follow
© 2000-2014 Bayt.com, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
-
Reproduction of material from any Bayt.com pages without written permission is strictly prohibited.