Accountant Job in Dubai - Baker Hughes Incorporated - Bayt.com
OK
Cancel
Loading...
Loading...
Jobs
Jobs
Salaries
People Companies Specialties
- All -
- All -Algeria (12)Bahrain (115)Dubai (1557)Egypt (501)Iraq (81)Jordan (391)Kuwait (742)Lebanon (250)Libya (16)Morocco (12)Oman (96)Pakistan (34)Qatar (1059)Saudi Arabia (2772)Sri Lanka (0)Tunisia (6)UAE (3585)Yemen (3)
Loading...
Menu - []
›
› Job Description
Accountant
- ,
Date Posted: 2014/05/06 06:52:48
Ref. JB3047727
Job Description
ABOUT THIS JOB
Under minimal supervision, perform complex accounting activities which may include maintaining general ledger accounts and developing financial statements and reports.
KEY RESPONSIBILITIES/ACCOUNTABILITIES
- Under minimal supervision, perform complex accounting activities which may include maintaining general ledger accounts and developing financial statements and reports.
- May provide functional advice and training to less experienced accountants.
- Handle special projects as assigned.
Skills
ESSENTIAL QUALIFICATIONS/REQUIREMENTS
Bachelor's Degree in Accounting / Finance or equivalent with 5+ years experience, or Master's Degree in Accounting / Finance with 2+ years experience.
PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS/REQUIREMENTS
- Possesses and applies broad knowledge of accounting principles, practices and procedures.
- Excellent attention to detail with good analytical skills.
- Excellent verbal and written communication skills.
- Excellent PC skills.
- Ability to handle multiple activities successfully.
Job Details
Job Location:
Dubai, United Arab Emirates
Company Industry:
Oil/Gas
Company Type:
Employer (Private Sector)
Job Role:
Accounting/Banking/Finance
Joining Date:
Unspecified
Employment Status:
Unspecified
Employment Type:
Unspecified
Monthly Salary Range:
Unspecified
Manages Others:
Unspecified
Number of Vacancies:
1
Preferred Candidate
Career Level:
Mid Career
Years of Experience:
Unspecified
Residence Location:
Unspecified
Gender:
Unspecified
Nationality:
Unspecified
Degree:
Unspecified
About This Company
Baker Hughes serves the worldwide oil and natural gas industry with reservoir consulting and products and services for drilling, formation evaluation, completion and production.
We are a leading provider for high-performance technology that creates value from oil and gas reservoirs.
Virtually every product and service we provide is designed to lower costs, reduce risk or improve productivity during activities directly related to hydrocarbon extraction, advancing reservoir performance.
Baker Hughes operates in over 90 countries serving independent, international and national oil companies.
Our service network is organized into 23 Geomarkets operating in 9 regions and 2 hemispheres.
Region and Geomarket management teams work to understand customer needs and coordinate delivery of individual products and comprehensive service solutions that include the right Baker Hughes technologies for the project.
Baker Hughes is an Equal Employment Affirmative Action Employer.
Date Posted: 2014/05/06 06:52:48
Ref. JB3047727
Similar Jobs
Confidential Company - ,
Confidential Company - ,
Confidential Company - ,
Recommended Courses
Invite Your
Friends to Bayt.com
Find Jobs
About Bayt.com
Bayt.com is the leading job site in the Gulf and Middle East, connecting job seekers with employers looking to hire.
Every day, thousands of new job vacancies are listed on the award-winning platform from the region's top employers.
Company
Quick Links
Follow
© 2000-2014 Bayt.com, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
-
Reproduction of material from any Bayt.com pages without written permission is strictly prohibited.