Maintenance Palnner Job in Abu Dhabi - Antal International - Bayt.com
OK
Cancel
Loading...
Loading...
Jobs
Jobs
Salaries
People Companies Specialties
- All -
- All -Algeria (12)Bahrain (115)Dubai (1557)Egypt (501)Iraq (81)Jordan (391)Kuwait (742)Lebanon (250)Libya (16)Morocco (12)Oman (96)Pakistan (34)Qatar (1059)Saudi Arabia (2772)Sri Lanka (0)Tunisia (6)UAE (3585)Yemen (3)
Loading...
Menu - []
›
› Job Description
Maintenance Palnner
- ,
Date Posted: 2014/05/06 06:44:59
Ref. JB3047722
Job Description
Plan and program the services discussing deadlines and priorities with the requesting party;
Carry out the weekly scheduling of activities of each inspector/ MPA (inspections per time - register tasks per collector or printed for MPA) and of each technician of the scheduled team.
Update the planning regarding regularity and/or the type of activity due to modifications proposed by the Maintenance and Reliability Engineering function and/or countermeasures originated from the Productivity Meeting via Maintenance Supervision.
Carry out onsite follow-up of the execution of activities during stoppages, to carry out the necessary corrections in terms of labor assignment, spare parts and equipment, in order to guarantee a higher index of compliance with the plan.
Analyze, on a weekly basis, the data contained in the SAP-PM (Computerized System of Maintenance) in terms of compliance with the Planning/Scheduling of the Maintenance activities.
Evaluate/Control the backlog of the Maintenance activities contained in the SAP system PM module.
Every week, enter the data on the “Kanban Planning” chart.
Evaluate the degree of Reliability of each Maintenance Route in terms of MTBF and MTTR.
For equipment whose follow-up is carried out through Autonomous maintenance, weekly analyze notifications issued in order to schedule activities in the standardized stoppages/inspections to prevent new occurrences.
Promote modifications whenever necessary in the operator checklist (Autonomous maintenance) due to the analyses of the Assets Lifespan carried out by the Maintenance and Reliability Engineering function.
Monthly suggest improvements at the Equipment/Systems level to the Engineering function due to low performance in terms of Reliability.
Carry out weekly follow-up of the budget execution and procurement of services, equipment and/or qualified staff for the normal scheduling of Maintenance services;
Implement and modify the Maintenance plans in the SAP system PM module.
Manage contracts of outsourcing services and the flow of parts imported.
Keep technical objects updated according to the registry standard;
Skills
Diploma in Mechanical or Electrical Engineering from a reputable University.
Minimum 5 years experience in the Maintenance planning in Food / FMCG industry.
Specific
Hands on experience in developing PM plan
In maintenance in a Food /FMCG industry.
Experience of Asset Management of
Equipment's in Food / FMCG Industry.
Knowledge of Reliability Standards,
Concepts and Methods.
Knowledge of SAP in PM module is must.
Good communication skills
Basic Knowledge on food technology & food
safety
Flexibility in working hours.
Ability to establish and maintain effective
working relationships in a Multicultural
Team.
This job is posted in the following Specialties:
Education
Mechanical or Electrical Engineering Diploma
Job Details
Job Location:
Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates
Company Industry:
FMCG
Company Type:
Recruitment Agency
Job Role:
Other
Joining Date:
Unspecified
Employment Status:
Full time
Employment Type:
Employee
Monthly Salary Range:
Unspecified
Manages Others:
Unspecified
Number of Vacancies:
1
Preferred Candidate
Career Level:
Management
Years of Experience:
Min: 5 Max: 7
Residence Location:
Unspecified
Gender:
Unspecified
Nationality:
Unspecified
Degree:
Bachelor's degree / higher diploma
Date Posted: 2014/05/06 06:44:59
Ref. JB3047722
Recommended Courses
Invite Your
Friends to Bayt.com
Find Jobs
About Bayt.com
Bayt.com is the leading job site in the Gulf and Middle East, connecting job seekers with employers looking to hire.
Every day, thousands of new job vacancies are listed on the award-winning platform from the region's top employers.
Company
Quick Links
Follow
© 2000-2014 Bayt.com, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
-
Reproduction of material from any Bayt.com pages without written permission is strictly prohibited.