Workshop Supervisor Job in Dubai - Nasir Bin Abdullah & Sons - Bayt.com
OK
Cancel
Loading...
Loading...
Jobs
Jobs
Salaries
People Companies Specialties
- All -
- All -Algeria (12)Bahrain (115)Dubai (1557)Egypt (501)Iraq (81)Jordan (391)Kuwait (742)Lebanon (250)Libya (16)Morocco (12)Oman (96)Pakistan (34)Qatar (1059)Saudi Arabia (2772)Sri Lanka (0)Tunisia (6)UAE (3585)Yemen (3)
Loading...
Menu - []
›
› Job Description
Workshop Supervisor
- ,
Date Posted: 2014/05/06 06:17:32
Ref. JB3047710
Job Description
Directly supervise and coordinate the activities of mechanics, Car Spray Painters, installers, and repairers in a car accessorizing and foiling workshop.
•Determine schedules, sequences, and assignments for work activities, based on work priority, quantity of equipment, and skill of personnel.
•Inspect and monitor work areas, examine tools and equipment, and provide employee safety training to prevent, detect, and correct unsafe conditions or violations of procedures and safety rules.
•Investigate accidents or injuries and prepare reports of findings.
•Monitor employees' work levels and review work performance.
•Requisition materials and supplies, such as tools, equipment, or replacement parts.
•Inspect, test, and measure completed work, using devices such as hand tools or gauges to verify conformance to standards or repair requirements.
•Conduct or arrange for worker training in safety, repair, or maintenance techniques, operational procedures, or equipment use.
•Develop, implement, or evaluate maintenance policies and procedures.
•Compute estimates and actual costs of factors such as materials, labor, or outside contractors.
•Examine objects, systems, or facilities and analyze information to determine needed installations, services, or repairs.
Skills
Management of Personnel Resources — Motivating, developing, and directing people as they work, identifying the best people for the job.
Monitoring — Monitoring/Assessing performance of yourself, other individuals, or organizations to make improvements or take corrective action.
Critical Thinking — Using logic and reasoning to identify the strengths and weaknesses of alternative solutions, conclusions or approaches to problems.
Coordination — Adjusting actions in relation to others' actions.
Speaking — Talking to others to convey information effectively.
Time Management — Managing one's own time and the time of others.
Active Listening — Giving full attention to what other people are saying, taking time to understand the points being made, asking questions as appropriate, and not interrupting at inappropriate times.
Judgment and Decision Making — Considering the relative costs and benefits of potential actions to choose the most appropriate one.
Quality Control Analysis — Conducting tests and inspections of products, services, or processes to evaluate quality or performance.
Reading Comprehension — Understanding written sentences and paragraphs in work related documents.
Job Details
Job Location:
Dubai, United Arab Emirates
Company Industry:
Automotive
Company Type:
Employer (Private Sector)
Job Role:
Customer Service
Joining Date:
Unspecified
Employment Status:
Full time
Employment Type:
Employee
Monthly Salary Range:
$2,000 - $3,000
Manages Others:
Yes
Number of Vacancies:
4
Preferred Candidate
Career Level:
Mid Career
Years of Experience:
Unspecified
Residence Location:
United Arab Emirates
Gender:
Male
Nationality:
Lebanon
Degree:
Unspecified
About This Company
Nasir Bin Abdullah & Sons, (NAS), was established in 1961 by the late Sheikh Nasir Bin Abdullah Al-Thani, a seasoned entrepreneur and member of the royal family of Qatar.
The company business is comprised of nine different divisions; retail, automobiles, real estate, engineering, hospitality, food and beverage, travel, sports.
We provide some of the most established names in each sector and our clients include sole proprietorships, large organizations, government organizations and companies.
The company is headquartered in Qatar and has branches in Dubai, Bahrain, China, Spain and USA. NAS employs more than 1000 people of different nationalities and professional backgrounds across its businesses.
Date Posted: 2014/05/06 06:17:32
Ref. JB3047710
Recommended Courses
Invite Your
Friends to Bayt.com
Find Jobs
About Bayt.com
Bayt.com is the leading job site in the Gulf and Middle East, connecting job seekers with employers looking to hire.
Every day, thousands of new job vacancies are listed on the award-winning platform from the region's top employers.
Company
Quick Links
Follow
© 2000-2014 Bayt.com, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
-
Reproduction of material from any Bayt.com pages without written permission is strictly prohibited.