Business Process Manager Job in United Arab Emirates - Huxley Associates - Bayt.com
OK
Cancel
Loading...
Loading...
Jobs
Jobs
Salaries
People Companies Specialties
- All -
- All -Algeria (12)Bahrain (115)Dubai (1557)Egypt (501)Iraq (81)Jordan (391)Kuwait (742)Lebanon (250)Libya (16)Morocco (12)Oman (96)Pakistan (34)Qatar (1059)Saudi Arabia (2772)Sri Lanka (0)Tunisia (6)UAE (3585)Yemen (3)
Loading...
Menu - []
›
› Job Description
Business Process Manager
-
Date Posted: 2014/05/06 06:00:20
Ref. JB3047701
Job Description
An experienced Business Process Manager is sought on a full time permanent basis by one of the largest banks in United Arab Emirates. This will directly be reporting to the Head of Business Process Management under the Enterprise Projects and Architecture.The role holder is responsible for delivering business requirements to drive forward optimized processes across the Business Division. This will require significant business, project management, analytical, and consultancy experience. Key duties include leading the development of key deliverables to timely completion with a focus upon workflow process mapping and process improvement initiatives. Responsible for managing the documentation and optimization of all processes for business functions within the agreed scope of work i.e. front, middle and back office.This is a genuine opportunity to work for one of the largest banks in the Gulf region in addition to exploring a great opportunity to earn tax-free income in a growing economyTo be able to qualify for the said role, you need to meet the following requirements: - Minimum of 5 years of process management/process reengineering and workflow automation experience required (preferably supported by a recognized Process Management qualification)- Strong understanding of project management methodologies, tools and best practices- Proven track record of successfully implementing large, complex projects in the financial services sector.- international exposure is advantageousIf you meet the criteria and is interested to explore this career, please revert back with your updated CV in strictest of confidence and get in touch directly with Chawen Yan at Huxley Associates. Sthree UAE is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy.
Skills
To be able to qualify for the said role, you need to meet the following requirements:
- Minimum of 5 years of process management/process reengineering and workflow automation experience required (preferably supported by a recognized Process Management qualification)
- Strong understanding of project management methodologies, tools and best practices
- Proven track record of successfully implementing large, complex projects in the financial services
sector.
- international exposure is advantageous
Job Details
Job Location:
United Arab Emirates
Company Industry:
Accounting/Auditing
Company Type:
Employer (Private Sector)
Job Role:
Technology/IT
Joining Date:
Unspecified
Employment Status:
Full time
Employment Type:
Employee
Monthly Salary Range:
Unspecified
Manages Others:
No
Number of Vacancies:
1
Preferred Candidate
Career Level:
Student/Internship
Years of Experience:
Unspecified
Residence Location:
Unspecified
Gender:
Unspecified
Nationality:
Unspecified
Degree:
Unspecified
About This Company
Huxley Associates is one of the world's largest specialist staffing firms. As a group, we have 64 offices in 18 countries and more than 2000 staff. We are listed on the London Stock Exchange. In the Gulf region we have offices in Dubai (DIFC) and Doha. We are opening up in Riyadh soon.Huxley Banking & Finance specialise in recruiting mid to senior level professionals across Corporate, Retail & Investment Banks.Huxley Global Energy specialise in recruiting mid to senior level professionals across the Oil & Gas, Power & water and Renewables sectors.The phone number to reach Huxley Associates regional headquarters in Dubai is 04 436 0400.
Date Posted: 2014/05/06 06:00:20
Ref. JB3047701
Similar Jobs
Recommended Courses
Invite Your
Friends to Bayt.com
Find Jobs
About Bayt.com
Bayt.com is the leading job site in the Gulf and Middle East, connecting job seekers with employers looking to hire.
Every day, thousands of new job vacancies are listed on the award-winning platform from the region's top employers.
Company
Quick Links
Follow
© 2000-2014 Bayt.com, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
-
Reproduction of material from any Bayt.com pages without written permission is strictly prohibited.