Area Manager - Vision Express - UAE Job in Dubai - M.H. Alshaya Co. - Bayt.com
OK
Cancel
Loading...
Loading...
Jobs
Jobs
Salaries
People Companies Specialties
- All -
- All -Algeria (12)Bahrain (115)Dubai (1557)Egypt (501)Iraq (81)Jordan (391)Kuwait (742)Lebanon (250)Libya (16)Morocco (12)Oman (96)Pakistan (34)Qatar (1059)Saudi Arabia (2772)Sri Lanka (62)Tunisia (6)UAE (3585)Yemen (3)
Loading...
Menu - []
›
› Job Description
Area Manager - Vision Express - UAE
- ,
Gold Career Provider
This employer achieved a Gold Career Provider status based on their record of hiring on Bayt.com.
Date Posted: 2014/05/06 06:00:19
Ref. JB3047699
Job Description
At Vision Express, customers' eye health comes first and that's what sets us apart from being just another optical retailer. We offer a detailed and professional eye examination and based on that, we give expert recommendations for our customers' optical needs. We offer customers a wide variety of eyewear, ranging from designer sunglasses and optical frames to contact lenses, all at affordable prices. Our certified Contact Lens Specialists are located in every store offering expert advice to new and existing contact lens wearers. The Role:As Area Manager you will lead multi-site store teams to meet their targets, be responsible for all store and employee development including performance management, coaching and identifying development, and be accountable for visual merchandising in assigned stores. You will also actively contribute to the development of business initiatives including new stores and store closures.You will have/be:* At least 3 years' large store or multi-site experience.* Computer literate.* Excellent English skills (Arabic also desirable but not essential).M.H. Alshaya Co. is a leading international franchise operator for over 70 of the world's most recognised retail brands including Starbucks, H&M;, Mothercare, Debenhams, American Eagle Outfitters, P.F. Chang's, The Cheesecake Factory, Victoria's Secret, Boots, Pottery Barn and KidZania. The company operates over 2,600 stores across diverse customer sectors: Fashion & Footwear, Health & Beauty, Food, Optics, Pharmacy, Home Furnishings and Leisure & Entertainment.Alshaya's stores can be found in markets across the Middle East and North Africa, Russia, Turkey and Europe and the company employs more than 40,000 people from over 110 nationalities.
Skills
Area management
Job Details
Job Location:
Dubai, United Arab Emirates
Company Industry:
Retail/Wholesale
Company Type:
Employer (Private Sector)
Job Role:
Management
Joining Date:
Unspecified
Employment Status:
Full time
Employment Type:
Employee
Monthly Salary Range:
$6,000 - $7,000
Manages Others:
No
Number of Vacancies:
1
Preferred Candidate
Career Level:
Management
Years of Experience:
Unspecified
Residence Location:
Unspecified
Gender:
Unspecified
Nationality:
Unspecified
Degree:
Unspecified
About This Company
M.H. Alshaya Co.
is a leading international franchise operator for over 70 of the world’s most recognised retail brands including Starbucks, H&M;, Mothercare, Debenhams, American Eagle Outfitters, P.F. Chang’s, The Cheesecake Factory, Victoria’s Secret, Boots, Pottery Barn and KidZania. The company operates over 2,600 stores across diverse customer sectors: Fashion & Footwear, Health & Beauty, Food, Optics, Pharmacy, Home Furnishings and Leisure & Entertainment. Alshaya’s stores can be found in markets across the Middle East and North Africa, Russia, Turkey and Europe and the company employs more than 40,000 people from over 110 nationalities.
The company has established itself as the industry leader across these territories through a combination of local market understanding and a comprehensive commitment to customer service. Growth in each of its operating divisions and brands is supported by continuous investment in talent and infrastructure. It applies best practices in retail operations, merchandising, marketing, information technology, logistics, real estate, human resources and financial controls.
M.H. Alshaya Co. is the retail business of the Alshaya Group, which was founded in Kuwait in 1890 and today represents one of the most dynamic companies in the Middle East. In addition to its retail operations, the Alshaya Group is active in a number of other sectors including real estate, automotive, hotels, trading and investments. Learn more about the company at www.alshaya.com
Date Posted: 2014/05/06 06:00:19
Ref. JB3047699
Recommended Courses
Invite Your
Friends to Bayt.com
Find Jobs
About Bayt.com
Bayt.com is the leading job site in the Gulf and Middle East, connecting job seekers with employers looking to hire.
Every day, thousands of new job vacancies are listed on the award-winning platform from the region's top employers.
Company
Quick Links
Follow
© 2000-2014 Bayt.com, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
-
Reproduction of material from any Bayt.com pages without written permission is strictly prohibited.