HSSE Coordinator - Marine & Construction job in UAE | Job ID: 950308 | oil and gas Job Search
HSSE Coordinator - Marine & Construction job in UAE
Rate
Type
Permanent
Location
UAE
Region
Sharjah
Town
Required Residency
Posted By
Date Posted
6 May 2014
Expiry Date
31 May 2014
Job Reference
HSEC
Job Description
HSSE Coordinator - Marine & Construction - at Petrofac Offshore division based in Sharjah
Scope:
Provide a day-to-day HSSE service that is effective and suitable to support Projects/office objectives
Provide regular, reliable data for the purposes of monitoring HSSE performance
Identify and promote opportunities for HSSE performance improvement within the Projects/office
Ensure that Project HSSE requirements are widely and consistently understood and implemented
Review HSSE competency assurance & training service to all office locations and work locations
Ensure that HSE in Design studies are prepared in accordance to Petrofac Standards, Project and international requirements (i.e. the SOLAS/MARPOL/ISM/ISPS/MLC codes)
Primary Duties:
Oversee day to day management of HSSE for OCP EPIC activities on designated Projects.
Project leadership, responsibility and approval authority for all aspects of HSSE including objectives, schedules/programmes, plans, resources, documentation, ISO14001 & OHSAS18001 compliance, HSSE legal compliance, incident response/investigation on designated Projects.
Develop and implement relevant HSSE/marine operations procedures and systems to ensure compliance with marine regulations (eg. SOLAS, STCW, MARPOL ISM, MLC, etc) and with Classification Society technical standards for the construction and operation.
Manage supervise and direct Project HSSE personnel.
Oversee the development and application of hazard identification and risk assessment strategies to reduce the Project risks to ALARP.
Maintain a daily working relationship with Project HSSE team, line management and subcontractors in relation of their respective compliance with the provisions of the HSSE policies and legal requirements. And also with key Clients in respect of their expectations.
Overseeing the managing the HSSE component of the Project action tracking system.
Assist the HSSE Manager in preparing project HSE Plan and prepare a project Activity program in line with HSE Plan requirements
Ensure OCP HSSE requirements are communicated to all Project personnel and other relevant parties and verify compliance (eg through meetings, inspections, monitoring, and audits).
Participate/lead the investigation of major incidents and high potential near misses on designated Projects.
Oversee the implementation of HSSE compliance assurance programmes on designated Projects.
Ensure Corporate Objectives, Policies and Procedures are implemented on designated Projects.
Oversee the start up of Project HSSE systems, procedures and management framework on designated Projects.
Ensure the implementation and compliance with HSE plans and procedures and provide HSE support and advice to the project/site manager.
Define and include requirements for HSE in Design and Integrity Management and actively manage and participate to HSE in Design process.
Participate and contribute to Engineering design reviews
Prepare the Marine and the Operation part of the Vessel Safety case including Bow tie diagrams and Performance standards and facilitate third party studies
Prepare the Marine and the Operation part of Vessel SMS for the Vessel Operations
Provide input HAZID, HAZOP, HAZCON, ENVID, QRA Workshops organized by HSE Design.
Facilitate and Support HAZID and Risk Assessment process
Application of hazard identification and risk assessment processes in designated areas of responsibility and implementation of appropriate control measures to reduce the risks to ALARP.
Participate in the review of the effectiveness of hazard controls/mitigations.
Ensure Environmental requirements are fully integrated into the Design and Construction Phases of the project
Act as HSE focal point for the work and to develop an emergency response plan in the event of any incident.
Establish an HSE monitoring and audit program applicable to all phases of the operations.
Promote environmental and safety awareness amongst the workforce and to hold regular site meetings with supervisors, workers, sub contractors etc on HSE matters relevant to the project.
Provide support to bids/proposals and manage Subcontractors as required
Interface with Clients and control authorities as required
Helps the HSSE manager to staff and manage HSE team
Ensure protection of the Sensitive areas.
Ensure the development of spill contingency plan and monitor implementation.
Ensure the development of Waste/Chemical/Water Management Plan, obtain relevant permits from authorities and monitor implementation.
Ensures compliance with noise regulations requirements.
Ensures and monitors protection of air quality within the project activities.
Establishes an environmental monitoring and audit program applicable to all phases of the operations.
Initiates and support HSSE Awareness programs and campaigns.
Supervises the implementation of HSSE Competency assurance & training component of the HSSE Management System.
Supervises training protocols with a view for improvement of training function and outcome.
Participates in the HSSE lessons learned forum within designated areas of responsibility and communicating more widely where appropriate.
Provides input to the HSSE component of the action tracking system.
Ensures HSSE requirements are communicated to all relevant personnel in designated areas of responsibility and verify compliance by all appropriate means (meetings, inspections, monitoring, and audits).
Assists fully in the investigation of incidents and near misses
Organize and participate fully and openly in all compliance assurance audits, inspections, performance meetings, etc.
Ensures Objectives, Policies and Procedures are implemented in designated areas of responsibility.
Produces and maintain necessary HSSE Management System documentation.
Minimum Requirement:
Qualifications/Experience:
Relevant HSSE degree or NEBOSH Diploma plus,
6 + years’ experience in EPIC Offshore Projects HSSE management / Oil & Gas industry
Or if qualified by experience:
6 to 12 + years experience in HSSE of which,
6 years’ experience in EPIC Project HSSE management/ Oil & Gas industry.
Excellent knowledge of relevant International standards, (e.g. ISO 14000, OHSAS 18000).
Auditor SOLAS/MARPOL/ISM/ISPS/MLC codes
Familiarity with current HSE Management methodology, tools and techniques including performance improvement, corrective / preventive action (CAPA,) and incident investigation and root cause analysis.
Dedicated to the delivery of exemplary safety performance.
Ability to effectively motivate, lead and support a multi-national team.
Assisting clients in meeting their obligations to Regulatory and Certification bodies.
All required activities undertaken whilst remaining within budget.
Comply with the Company Code of Business Conduct (COBC) and Anti-Bribery & Corruption (ABC) requirements.
BOSIET - Basic Offshore Safety Instruction and Emergency Training.
Qualifications
NEBOSH or equivalent
Find Related oil and gas Jobs
Latest Petrofac Jobs
Related Job Searches
© 2014 Copyright Oil and Gas Job Search.com Limited :: Part of The Jobsearch Group
Follow us
--Web2--