Security Supervisor ( Arabic Speaking Only ) at Hotel in Sheikh Zayed Road, Dubai | GNcareers.com
FIND YOUR DREAM JOB
Accounting
Architecture & Design
Arts & Entertainment
Auto Industry
Aviation
Banking & Finance
Beauty, Health & Fitness
Biotechnology & Science
Customer Service
Domestic
Driving
Engineering & Construction
Government & Emiratisation
HR
Hospitality
IT
Insurance
Legal
Logistics
Managerial
Manufacturing & Production
Marketing & PR
Media
Medical
Miscellaneous
Oil & Gas
Purchasing & Procurement
Real Estate & Property Services
Retail & Wholesale
Sales & Business Development
Secretarial
Teaching
Technical & Skilled
Travel
This site requires javascript to be enabled.
[New User? ]
»
Security Supervisor ( Arabic Speaking Only )
Hotel
Location:
Shaikh Zayed Road, Dubai
Date: 06-05-2014
Payrate: 2,000 To 2,500 Monthly (AED)
Salary Details:
You will be entitled to the Monthly Service Charge
Job Type: Employee
Job Status: Full Time
Shift: Evenings
Categories:
Hospitality
Travel
Legal
Hotel
Please see Job Details for Apply instructions
Saved!
Job Details
Basic Function
Oversee and supervise the duties and functions of the Security Officers. Coordinate with all Departments where necessary to ensure that the Asset’s of the Hotel, Guests and Associates are protected.
The Supervisory position requires Security Supervisor to display his highest degree of courtesy when dealing with in-house guests and other associate, to treat all Security associate fair, to be accustomed to all Safety & Security procedures and emergency procedures, to be firm and strong when applying Safety & Security policy into practice and to be able to perform his job independently.  To ensure that the Hotel is a safe environment to work in and that our Associates are following safe measures of working.
The Security Supervisor will be required to conduct their duties in a courteous, safe and efficient manner, in accordance with the hotel’s policies and procedures, ensuring that a high level of service is maintained.
Duties & Responsibilities
Work closely with the      Security Manager to achieve the best safety and security standards to      ensure the comfort and well being of the guest and Hotel associates. Be fully conversant      with the Emergency Plan of Action. In the absence of the      Security Manager, take full responsibility of the shift. Fully understand the      position descriptions for all officer posts. Periodically inspect      each officer location to ascertain that Security officers are attentive to      their job following SOP and to make sure that there are no problems. Enforce disciplines      and observe all officers’ conduct and performance in their shifts. Report and manage      incidents, accidents, loss and/or damage to person and property within the      premises. Investigate      irregularities. Prepare Incident      Reports together with recommendations and keep updating diary everyday. Serve as primary link      between Security Manager and/or General Manager/Acting Manager and the      Officer Force in emergencies. Do the counseling for      Safety & Security officers and make a statement on his      misconduct/mistake/ignorance. Assist officers in      specific incidents. Assign the on-duty      officers to specific posts and duties. Motivate and train      (including certification) all Security Officers to attain the highest      standard of excellence in service, attitude and monetary returns for the      Hotel. Evaluate associate      performances and analyze training and developmental needs and inform the      Security Manager. Take part in quarterly      drill to exercise emergency planning. Provide on-duty      officers with break time and mealtime. Brief Security      officers of special instructions or new memorandums. Make arrangements for      replacement officers when absence occurs. Regularly check all      Fire extinguishers to ensure same is operable at peak efficiency. Act quickly and      immediately on any Workplace Safety Risks to resolve. Assist the Safety      & Security Manager to analyze accidents in the workplace through the      maintenance of an accident and incident logbook. Ensure that all Security      Officers are also trained to report all accidents and incidents. Inform the Doctor of      any negative trends that are affecting work productivity around the hotel      through increased accidents. Anticipate guest’s needs      through observation and offer prompt, efficient service either personally      or through effective communication with other associates. Align working      practices and conduct consistently strives to meet and exceed the      expectations of both internal and external guests. Uphold the Starwood      Cares culture by demonstrating the Star Service Standards at all times to      guests and fellow associates. Understand and adhere      to relevant workplace health and safety standards. Personally ensure      compliance with all relevant Workplace Health & Safety and      Occupational Health & Safety legislation, and related Hotel and      Starwood Policies. Align management      style, working practices and conduct Corporate Values and policies.  To comply with Sheraton’s Code of      Conduct at all times. Completely understand,      implement and ensure adherence to Local Labor Laws and Sheraton policies. Be well versed and      knowledgeable of Sheraton Fire and Evacuation procedures as well as health      and safety requirements in the Workplace.       Ensure associates are aware of their duty of care as determined by      legislation and that they maintain complete familiarity.
Requirements
Arabic Speaking only.
Should have more than 2 years of Experience in a similar capacity.
Please see Job Details for Apply instructions
View Similar Jobs:
View More Jobs in Shaikh Zayed Road, Dubai:
View More Jobs in Dubai:
FEATURED JOBS
Company
Career Centre
This Site
© Copyright 2014 Al Nisr Publishing LLC - powered by Gulf News
|
|
|
|