GulfTalent.com
Cash Admin Executive – IKEA
Al Futtaim Group
Al Ain, UAE
Posted on: 6 May 2014
THE ROLE
Expand all
One of the companies bearing Al-Futtaim name is IKEA.
IKEA is the world's largest home furnishings store, founded in Sweden over 60 years ago. At IKEA not only our furniture is down to earth, straightforward and inspiring, but so is our work ethics. Despite being the leading home furnishing retail franchisee across the world, we at IKEA still give you the room to grow! At IKEA creating a better everyday life for the many isn't only our vision, it's our way of life!
To ensure the smooth functioning of daily large amounts of cash transactions.
Cash Handling
* To be in charge of all the cash transactions that takes place in the store.
* To make entries for all the transactions daily and balance the books at the end of the day.
* To make reports about the daily happenings in their department.
* To make money available in case the superiors require for company transactions.
* To check the money requests with their superiors before sanctioning them.
* To report any discrepancies they find with the transactions.
* To make sure all the collections are made on time from the debtors of the company.
Others
* To train new assistants the company hires.
* To help the accountant of the company to maintain all the accounts.
REQUIREMENTS
Minimum Qualifications and Knowledge:
Commerce graduate with experience in audit and Software
Minimum Experience:
3 to 5 years in a similar role.
Job-Specific Skills:
Strategic Planning and Analytical Skills, Effective Communication, Fire Marshall Training, First Aid Trained, MS Office, Excel, Good financial and audit acumen
Behavioural Competencies:
Interpersonal Skills, Business Acumen, Problem Solving, Confident, Leadership Skills and Strategic Thinking.
ABOUT THE COMPANY
Established in the 1930's, the Al-Futtaim Group initially operated as a trading enterprise. Rapid development throughout the 1940's and 50's saw it establish itself regionally as an integrated commercial, industrial and services organisation, positioning itself one of the leading business houses in the lower Gulf region. Today, it operates collectively over 40 companies bearing the Al-Futtaim name, dominates many market segments in the UAE, and has expanded its sphere of operation to include Bahrain, Kuwait, Qatar, Oman and Egypt.
The Group comprises a diverse range of strategically positioned operating subsidiaries and associate companies, structured to give the Al-Futtaim Group the flexibility and versatility to keep ahead of local competition while keeping pace with the ever-evolving global business scenario. The Group’s continued investment in world-class systems technology is clear evidence of its commitment to maintain leading edge performance and service delivery.
The success of the Al-Futtaim Group can be attributed to a business approach that combines the ability to change with the traditional values of integrity, service and social responsibility that define its core business philosophy. This, linked with the Group’s belief in decentralisation, gives the heads of the operating companies a high degree of functional autonomy and authority, providing the Group with essential flexibility, and individual employees a clearly defined work culture and sense of responsibility.
Send
|
|