GulfTalent.com
Telecommunication Engineer
PB (Parsons Brinckerhoff)
Abu Dhabi, UAE
Posted on: 6 May 2014
THE ROLE
Expand all
We are seeking a Telecommunications Engineer to work in our Abu Dhabi Office with technical knowledge and experience in telecommunication network design and construction.
The selected candidate will:
-	Work with other team members in engineering, design and supervision of power communication systems including WAN, LAN, SDH, telephony, fibre optic and other communication systems,
-	Participate in large projects that span multiple technologies that are completed in multiple phases over a significant period of time. Participate in conceptual system design, calculations, equipment layout, wiring drawings, site survey and specifications. Responsibilities include writing technical responses to Request for Proposals (RFP), participate in technical solutions that comply with client's requirements, establish business and technical requirements and all phases of developing and implementing the design that matches the technology and products to the client's needs.
REQUIREMENTS
-	Bachelor's degree in Electrical Engineering, Telecommunications, Information Technology, Computer Science or related degree in the field of networking and communication systems.
-	Minimum 5 years’ experience of working within a similar role.
-	Basic understanding of telecommunication network planning and technical design, technology and protocol understanding, communication system implementation and testing, optical communication system implementation, data center functionality, electronic security systems design and architecture, RF and antenna technology, electrical and power distribution system design, theoretical performance analysis and interoperability.
ABOUT THE COMPANY
PB is one of the world's leading planning, engineering, and program and construction management organizations.
Established more than 125 years ago, PB is proud to serve our clients in all facets of Power, Environment, Transportation and Infrastructure projects as well as the overall communities in which we live and work.
Our diverse and comprehensive offerings are a natural extension of our experience and core skills. We help shape some of the world's largest and most important public works projects.
PB defines success by the sustainable value we deliver to clients, communities, our employee-owners and our profession. I invite you to explore how our people, history and expertise are enabling us to accomplish our mission: to be a positive and highly influential force in the development and operation of infrastructure throughout the world.
Send
|
|