Project Manager – Wells Data Management (F/M) job in UAE | Job ID: 950136 | oil and gas Job Search
Project Manager – Wells Data Management (F/M) job in UAE
Rate
to negociate
Type
Permanent
Location
UAE
Region
Town
Required Residency
Posted By
Date Posted
6 May 2014
Expiry Date
5 Jul 2014
Job Reference
Job Description
SPIE Oil & Gas Services (part of the SPIE Group) provides a complete range of services to some of the world’s largest oil and gas companies through its network of offices in 25 countries across Africa, the Middle-East and Asia-Pacific.
Our turnover (459M€ in 2012) has doubled in the last five years thanks to the dedication of our 4000 employees to whom we give training, recognition, and genuine opportunities for career development.
In order to support this growth, SPIE Oil & Gas Services is always seeking talented individuals to join its teams. We currently have an opportunity within SPIE Oil & Gas Services / Geosciences for a:
Geologist / Project Manager – Wells Data Management (F/M)
This position is a unique opportunity to have a rewarding experience in a foreign country, improve your knowledge trough a major project in a main operating company.
As the Project Manager you will have to coordinate activities and resolve technical problems.
Your main duties will be:
Management of Well data headers / Wells attributes loading and harmonisation of data files (LAS/LIS/DLIS)
Writing and updating shell scripts for the harmonization of well data
Creation of intervention reports, QA/QC
Reporting to client and to contractor
Harmonization Project
Project management / Budget / Planning
Management Team
UNIX / EXCEL / MS Office / Geolog6 / NEURALOG
Ideally you will have graduated in Geology (MS) in a recognized University with a minimum experience of 5 years in the Oil & Gas and 5 years in Log Data Management. Furthermore you might be open minded, sensitive to other cultures and with good adaptability. Excellent communication and interpersonal skills are also required.
You are fluent in English and French languages
SPIE Oil & Gas Servicespromotes diversity. All our positions are suitable for disabled people.
Location: Middle East
Contract duration: 1 year
Find Related oil and gas Jobs
Latest SPIE Oil & Gas Services
Jobs
Related Job Searches
© 2014 Copyright Oil and Gas Job Search.com Limited :: Part of The Jobsearch Group
Follow us
--Web2--