BIM Manager Jobs in Ali Moosa & Sons Holding, UAE | JI137935
Job Seeker Login:
|
If you're looking to post a job or searching resumes, go to our employer website
BIM Manager Jobs in UAE
Company Name
Ali Moosa & Sons Holding
Job Functional Area
Job Title
BIM Manager
Job Location
Minimum Education
Bachelor's Degree
Posted on
Apr 29, 2014
Job Description
BIM Manager For a Contracting Company in Abu Dhabi
The Role:
This position is a hands-on role that requires significant experience in planning, organizing, controlling and managing a multi-discipline technical office for engineering & architectural services for the company projects. This role requires people, systems and detail construction management experience, communications skills and a positive attitude.
You will:
Coordinate, manage and assist in directing engineering technical submittals and projects construction to accomplish projects goals. Analyze engineering resource requirements and coordinate the staffing levels to ensure smooth and uninterrupted construction activities. Coordinate the recruitment of construction staff-assign, direct, and evaluate their work; and oversee the development and maintenance of staff competence. Develop and implement policies, standards and procedures for engineering technical submittals and projects construction and allied work performed in the technical department. Perform administrative functions such as reviewing and writing reports, approving expenditures, enforcing policies, and making decisions about the purchase of materials or services. Review and recommend or approve contracts and proposal cost and effort estimates. Consult or negotiate with clients to consider project specifications alternatives. Set and achieve technical goals (Efficiency, Quality, Sustainability, HSE, etc within broad outlines provided by top management.
To perform the job successfully, you will possess the following:
Education: A Bachelor of Science Degree in Architecture with outstanding experience in BIM and REVIT.Apply Instructions for This Job
Email CV to: Find Similar Jobs International Trust. We are looking for:
1- ADMINISTRATION & PROGRAM OFFICER:
2- RESEARCHER/WRITER WEB DEVELOPER SOCIAL MEDIA EXPERTS
On Urgent Basis For Lahore Offi ... Part II, 2-3 years
2- Medical Officers - (Peads - Emergency & Wards, Adults - Wards)
Morning, Evening, Alternate Night & Sundays
- MBBS
- Post House job Experience ... management accounting, banking relations, office administration and the delivery of detailed and timely reporting. Ideal candidates should have Finance, Business or
... experience candidates must have experience of Waste & W/T Plant & Chemical.
3- Application Engineer:
Having working experience in Designing, fabrication & insta ... Sr. Planning Engineer
2- Planning Engineer
3- Planning Coordinator
4- Document Controller
Administration:
1- Personal Assistant to the GM
2- Receptionist
3-
...
More Jobs
,
, Find Relevant Functional Area Jobs, , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
* Your Full Name:
* Your Email Address:
* Friends' Email Addresses:
[Separate email addresses with comma, max 3 emails at a time]
Job Title:
BIM Manager
Add Note (Optional):
Log in to save this job, and find the jobs you saved already! If you are new at Careermidway.com, please
Email Address:
Password:
Enter your email address. You will receive a notification email with details on login information.
Enter email address
Post Comments on this Job
Relevant comments on this job are highly appreciated.
Please use personal name or nickname rather keywords in the name field.
Comments filling the fields with anchor text to spam this site and search engines may be edited, have URLs removed, or deleted entirely.
Your Name:
Your Email:
Show Email:
Check this to show your email address alongwith your name/comments.
Your Comments:
Enter Code*:
International Jobs
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
© Copyright 2014 All rights reserved Careermidway.com
|
|
|
|