GulfTalent.com
Consulting – Government – Education – Assistant Manager
PricewaterhouseCoopers
UAE
Posted on: 6 May 2014
THE ROLE
Expand all
The global network
PwC is one of the world's leading professional services firms. In 158 countries and with over 180,000 people, we advise some of the most successful organisations. We provide industry-focused advisory, assurance and tax services to build public trust and unique value for our clients and their stakeholders. Across the network we share our thinking, experience and solutions to develop fresh perspectives and practical advice.Â  In 2014 PwC acquired Strategy&, formerly Booz & Co, adding a further 400 consultants to the Middle East practice.
PwC has a growing international education practice with significant practices in: Australia, Europe, India, the United States, New Zealand, and Singapore. The network effectively comes together to share knowledge and the Middle East team leverages their international colleagues frequently in best practice research.
PwC in the Middle East
Established in the Middle East for 40 years, PwC has offices in 12 countries: Bahrain, Egypt, Iraq, Jordan, Kuwait, Lebanon, Libya, Oman, Palestine, Qatar, Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates, with around 2,500 people. Complementing our depth of industry expertise and breadth of skills is our sound knowledge of local business environments across the Middle East.
PwC's Middle East Education and Government Team
PwC has an extensive and experienced Middle East Government team, which incorporates the education strategy and research practice. The team is all passionate about the education sector and comprises: strategists, educationalists, researchers, operational quality experts, infrastructure specialists and financiers with diverse backgrounds. We span a broad definition of the education sector including: k-12, vocational, higher and tertiary education, as well as regional think tanks, public policy and reform. The team works across the entire Middle East region and some developing markets in Africa and Asia, but is predominantly focused on the GCC.
Our consulting work revolves around five key areas: strategy, research, policy reform, implementation, and performance improvement with a strong focus on evidence based research into international best practice, which is then localized for the unique challenges facing the GCC's growing youth population.
REQUIREMENTS
* An outstanding academic record, ideally from a top ranking institution with a strong reputation in education.
* Experience in a similar role and/or education/training related industry, with some familiarity with the GCC preferred
* Students who have acquired some teaching experience (such as Teach First) and are interested in continuing to work in the sector in a broader consulting type role.
* Master's degree, preferably in a field related to education or policy development.
ABOUT THE COMPANY
PwC firms help organizations and individuals to create the value they’re looking for.
We’re a network of firms in 158 countries with close to 169,000 people who are committed to delivering quality in assurance, tax and advisory services..
PwC is the brand under which member firms of PricewaterhouseCoopers International Limited (PwCIL) operate and provide services. Together, these firms form the global PwC network.
In our 3 key areas of business or ‘Lines of Service’ – Assurance, Tax, and Advisory – we work with our clients from business start ups to the world’s leading organizations – to measure, protect and enhance the things that matter most to them.
We help our own people to learn, discover, develop and make a real difference all the way through their working lives. And we have big ambitions to grow.
PwC Middle East Region is part of what we call the ‘Central Cluster’ and includes the UK, Europe and Africa as well as the Middle East. The region consists of 12 markets - UAE, Saudi Arabia, Qatar, Kuwait, Bahrain, Oman, Jordan, Lebanon, Egypt, Libya, Iraq and Palestine.
PwC has been established in the region for over 40 years, we already employ over 2500 people and we are on course to become the Middle East number one professional service firm.
Send
|
|