alJazeera Jobs - Brand Training Manager - Boots - UAE
Jobs in Qatar, Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, Oman, Bahrain, Dubai, Abu Dhabi by alJazeera Jobs
Select Language
English
Francais
Deutsch
عربي
Español
Português
Русский
Nederlands
Türkçe
اردو
Contact alJazeera Jobs Bahrain: (+973) 16199-113
Serving Arabian Gulf Job Seekers since 2007, alJazeera Jobs
is the established, trusted and leading provider of Jobs in
, , , ,
and .
Subscribe to our custom developed Candidate
Management Service to proactively place your details in Arabic
and English into the HR systems of the leading employers in
the Gulf. Jump to the head of the queue and get hired, sign-up
.
JOB SEARCH
I'm looking for...
In location
Select Country
Saudi Arabia
UAE
Kuwait
Qatar
Bahrain
Oman
other
ACCOUNT MANAGEMENT:
|
Brand Training Manager - Boots - UAE
06 May 2014 02:39 AM - UAE
Brand Training Manager - Boots - UAEApply now Job no: 666228Country: Dubai Al Barsha Boutique. Building. (Barsh-1) Boots Boots has been catering for healthcare and beauty needs for over 160 years. With a mission to help customers' look and feel better than they ever thought possible, Boots stores offer a fantastic range of products and services. Boots pharmacies have earned a reputation for providing customers with excellent, trustworthy, healthcare advice through the team of highly qualified, professional pharmacists. In addition to this, the store staff provide a friendly and helpful service to customers looking for expert skincare advice, the latest cosmetics, essentials for babies and children and even indulgent hair care treats The Role:You will promote the brand image and culture through the use of targeted training activities by working closely with the brand and operations teams to identify where focus on product knowledge and brand understanding will foster a strong brand identity. You will then assist the HR management and the Central Training team in coordinating training and development activities, championing training and development within the brand.You will:·  Develop content of programs to meet the needs of the brand·  Continually looks for ways to promote brand awareness·  Based on market needs, source appropriate training courses and materials suitable for implementation·  Deliver development training and support the roll out of programs, making recommendations for continuous improvement·  Manage the quality of activities and presentations to ensure high standard of training delivery·  Create, build and maintain internal and external relationships.Qualifications & Requirements:You will have/be:·  A minimum of four years' training management experience within a large commercial organisation with a comprehensive knowledge of products and applications·  A university graduate, preferably with a recognised qualific (more...)
ASY
Advertisement
|
|
|
|
|
All rights reserved - AlJazeeraJobs ® is a registered trade mark and unauthorised usage is strictly prohibited.
|
, , , , ,