alJazeera Jobs - Business Analyst CCT Virtual Learning
Jobs in Qatar, Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, Oman, Bahrain, Dubai, Abu Dhabi by alJazeera Jobs
Select Language
English
Francais
Deutsch
عربي
Español
Português
Русский
Nederlands
Türkçe
اردو
Contact alJazeera Jobs Bahrain: (+973) 16199-113
Serving Arabian Gulf Job Seekers since 2007, alJazeera Jobs
is the established, trusted and leading provider of Jobs in
, , , ,
and .
Subscribe to our custom developed Candidate
Management Service to proactively place your details in Arabic
and English into the HR systems of the leading employers in
the Gulf. Jump to the head of the queue and get hired, sign-up
.
JOB SEARCH
I'm looking for...
In location
Select Country
Saudi Arabia
UAE
Kuwait
Qatar
Bahrain
Oman
other
ACCOUNT MANAGEMENT:
|
Business Analyst CCT Virtual Learning
05 May 2014 10:39 PM - UAE
.Business Analyst CCT Virtual Learning is required by a Global name organisation which is an international market leader. This is an exceptional opportunity to work with an extraordinary and hugely successful company. This is the opportunity to lead analysis in the transformation from a technology perspective. You will have the ability to make technology decisions with a specific expertise in internal systems analysis. It is essential that this person have experience analysing, delivering, customising and supporting internal IT systems. Experience in the Learning & Development/Training IT solutions designing Experience in projects requiring cutting edge software development such as gaming platforms Experience in leading multiple advanced software solution projects Should have the experience in managing Change process for Large Projects & Feasibility studies. Additionally should have the understanding of standard BA practice Expertise in RASD, Requirement, Analysis, Solution, Design Vendor engagement Vendor management Application performance monitoring Minimum of 8+ years of experience in Information Technology Minimum of 4-5 years of experience in Business Analysis roles with onsite experience, with a proven track record in Business Process Modelling and Requirements Gathering in a large established organization. Skilled in Use Cases, Process Maps, Screen Mechanics. Minimum working SDLC experience in at least 1 end to end (large scale) projects Ability to transform business information to IT and vice versa Other BA skill sets like - Presales support including demonstrations, tender responses, etc. Ability to elicit, understand and document requirements from customer Ability to recommend product to solution fit for customer Transformation of business information to IT and vice versa Product or project implementation experience acceptance etc Worked on large and complex projects Should have worked on BA tools such as Enterprise Architect/Rational Rose etc Critical Competencies: Effective Communication (Excellent written and oral communication) Eye for detail Analytical Influence and Negotiation Adaptability and Innovation Interpersonal Ability Continuou (more...)
JS
Advertisement
|
|
|
|
|
All rights reserved - AlJazeeraJobs ® is a registered trade mark and unauthorised usage is strictly prohibited.
|
, , , , ,