alJazeera Jobs - Lead Game Designer
Jobs in Qatar, Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, Oman, Bahrain, Dubai, Abu Dhabi by alJazeera Jobs
Select Language
English
Francais
Deutsch
عربي
Español
Português
Русский
Nederlands
Türkçe
اردو
Contact alJazeera Jobs Bahrain: (+973) 16199-113
Serving Arabian Gulf Job Seekers since 2007, alJazeera Jobs
is the established, trusted and leading provider of Jobs in
, , , ,
and .
Subscribe to our custom developed Candidate
Management Service to proactively place your details in Arabic
and English into the HR systems of the leading employers in
the Gulf. Jump to the head of the queue and get hired, sign-up
.
JOB SEARCH
I'm looking for...
In location
Select Country
Saudi Arabia
UAE
Kuwait
Qatar
Bahrain
Oman
other
ACCOUNT MANAGEMENT:
|
Lead Game Designer
05 May 2014 10:39 PM - UAE
.One of the largest publishers in the games industry has set up a new mobile studio in the heart of the middle east - Abu Dhabi. This role is working in a new and fresh mobile team full of talented people; they are not only working on several well known franchises but also their own IP. Based in high tech offices in the Sun drenched and tax free haven of Abu Dhabi, this role has it all! As Lead Designer you will be responsible for four other mid level and senior designers; you will lead a creative and design focused environment which has innovation at its heart. You will be responsible for facilitating this environment as well as bringing vague ideas and mechanics to a physical feature within a mobile game. Ideally we are looking for: - Previous lead design experience in the games industry - Have worked on several projects from Cradle to grave - Taken projects from prototype/concept stage to completion - Someone who is creative and takes inspiration from all walks of life - A talented communicator and leader - Someone who can relocate to Abu Dhabi - Mobile experience is a preference This is a fantastic adventure and career opportunity, the role comes complete with a comprehensive relocation package and salary. For more information please call Alan Dixon or email or ple (more...)
JS
Advertisement
|
|
|
|
|
All rights reserved - AlJazeeraJobs ® is a registered trade mark and unauthorised usage is strictly prohibited.
|
, , , , ,