alJazeera Jobs - Contract Manager TMS OTR Job
Jobs in Qatar, Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, Oman, Bahrain, Dubai, Abu Dhabi by alJazeera Jobs
Select Language
English
Francais
Deutsch
عربي
Español
Português
Русский
Nederlands
Türkçe
اردو
Contact alJazeera Jobs Bahrain: (+973) 16199-113
Serving Arabian Gulf Job Seekers since 2007, alJazeera Jobs
is the established, trusted and leading provider of Jobs in
, , , ,
and .
Subscribe to our custom developed Candidate
Management Service to proactively place your details in Arabic
and English into the HR systems of the leading employers in
the Gulf. Jump to the head of the queue and get hired, sign-up
.
JOB SEARCH
I'm looking for...
In location
Select Country
Saudi Arabia
UAE
Kuwait
Qatar
Bahrain
Oman
other
ACCOUNT MANAGEMENT:
|
Contract Manager TMS OTR Job
05 May 2014 09:44 PM - UAE
Job Description: Job Number: 1917856Business: GE Oil & GasBusiness Segment: Oil & GasAbout Us: GE (NYSE: GE) works on things that matter. The best people and the best technologies taking on the toughest challenges. Finding solutions in energy, health and home, transportation and finance. Building, powering, moving and curing the world. Not just imagining. Doing. GE works. For more information, visit the company's website at www.ge.comPosted Position Title: Contract Manager TMS OTRCareer Level: ExperiencedFunction: EPC Project ManagementFunction Segment: Contract ManagementLocation: United Arab EmiratesU.S. State, China or Canada Provinces: City: Abu DhabiPostal Code: Relocation Assistance: NoRole Summary/Purpose: The Contract Manager demonstrates accountability for TMS OTR in the ME contract management. In this role you will integrate and develop processes that meet business needs across the organization, manage complex issues within functional areas of expertise, be involved in long-term planning, and contribute to the overall business strategy. Strong candidate identified, qualified candidates are encouraged to apply.Essential Responsibilities: - Analyze the contract general terms and conditions to highlight areas of risks such as ambiguities, conflicts or deviations from the scope of works.- As works proceeds, make recommendations to the Project Manager on the mitigation of these risks; closely monitor and support remedial actions and recommended tradeoffs.- Work with the Project Team to ensure that all favorable contract changes opportunities are identified and make recommendations on their implementation.- Ensure early identification of Customer claims and relevant timely resolution, seeking for legal advice when appropriate.- Similarly, works to ensure that all Vendor recovery opportunities are pursued, taking care of coordinating the claim preparation and supporting the negotiation.- In conjunction with Billing & Collection department, monitor status to secure cash, billing and Past Due reduction targets.Qualifications/Requirements: - BS Engineering- Experience in Project Management- Fluent Spoken English- Strong negotiation skills- External focus attitude and is able to deal with Customers and Vendors- He/she has strong team leadership and team building skills, able to effectively communicate with his/her peers and supervisors.- He/she has excellent influencing skills when dealing with Functions, effective communication and presentation skills.Additional Eligibility Qualifications: Desired Characteristics: -Six Sigma Black Belt - Technical and operations backgroundJob Segments:Engineer, Claims, Manager, C (more...)
GE
Advertisement
|
|
|
|
|
All rights reserved - AlJazeeraJobs ® is a registered trade mark and unauthorised usage is strictly prohibited.
|
, , , , ,