alJazeera Jobs - Simulator Support Engineer
Jobs in Qatar, Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, Oman, Bahrain, Dubai, Abu Dhabi by alJazeera Jobs
Select Language
English
Francais
Deutsch
عربي
Español
Português
Русский
Nederlands
Türkçe
اردو
Contact alJazeera Jobs Bahrain: (+973) 16199-113
Serving Arabian Gulf Job Seekers since 2007, alJazeera Jobs
is the established, trusted and leading provider of Jobs in
, , , ,
and .
Subscribe to our custom developed Candidate
Management Service to proactively place your details in Arabic
and English into the HR systems of the leading employers in
the Gulf. Jump to the head of the queue and get hired, sign-up
.
JOB SEARCH
I'm looking for...
In location
Select Country
Saudi Arabia
UAE
Kuwait
Qatar
Bahrain
Oman
other
ACCOUNT MANAGEMENT:
|
Simulator Support Engineer
05 May 2014 09:19 PM - UAE
Job Description: Accountabilities As a simulator support engineer, you will be responsible for activities in the following areas: •Carry out and possibly supervise all preventive and corrective maintenance actions, as detailed in the CAE quality documents, to achieve required availability and reliability on one or more flight training devices.•Will be part of a dynamic team of technical staff that will be accountable to meet a pre defined set of technical measurement criteria for simulator performance (reporting metrics), ex down time, lost time, customer reliability etc.•Be prepared to work rotating shifts and weekends.•In depth knowledge of QTG reading, interpretation and understanding.•Brief and debrief customers in a professional manner on a regular basis. May also be required to answer technical questions to airline customers.•Provides technical advice to customers and may be asked to conduct meetings with customers and/or regulatory agencies.•Maintains an excellent relationship with any and all regulatory agencies.•Recommends and develops new procedures for testing, maintenance or repair•Trains and mentors more junior staff Qualifications & Experience •Technical College Diploma in electronics or aviation; and at least 5 years related experience•Excellent knowledge of the English language, read, spoken and written•Highly Customer oriented and must be able to deal tactfully in sensitive situations.•Advanced understanding of aircraft terminology or simulation devices•Advanced understanding of aviation training business.•Able to interpret schematics and other technical documents pertaining to aviation•Advanced computer skills with knowledge of the Microsoft Office suite.•Must posses superior troubleshooting skills as well as having in depth knowledge of how to use electronic test equipment as well as how to use advanced software diagnostic utilities.•In depth knowledge of at least one of the following operating systems; Unix, Linux; Windows NT/XP ; AIX•In depth knowledge of software languages C and FORTRAN, with ability to write code.•In depth knowledge of hydraulic systems.•In depth knowledge of avionics systems.Salary and BenefitsWe offer an attractive salary and package  About Emirates CAE Flgiht TrainingEmirates- CAE Flight Training, a part of the Emirates Group, CAE was founded in 1947 and is headquartered in Canada. With customers in more than 190 countries, CAE has the broadest global reach of any simulation and training equipment and services company on the market.  Emirates-CAE Flight Training provides aviation-related courses for commercial and business carriers in the Middle East, Europe, Africa, Asia and Oceania, and South America primarily aimed at flight-deck crew and maintenance personnel.  The joint venture between the Emirates Group and CAE Inc of Canada – a world leader in the field of aircraft simulators – is located in the Emirates Aviation College campus, near Dubai International airport. ECFT, as the joint venture is known, is the first facility of its kind in the Middle East to be approved by Joint Aviation Authorities (JAA), Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) standards and U.A.E (GCAA) Standards. ECFT works in close collaboration with more than 20 different national aviation authorities to ensure that the later specific requirements are fulfilled in addition to the requirements of JAA, FAA and GCAA. The 14-bay centre houses 12 full-flight simulators including two Airbus A320/ACJs, and Airbus A330/340, a Boeing 777, two Boeing 737 NG/BBJs, a Gulfstream IV and a Gulfstream V/550, a Hawker 800/800XP, a Hawker 800 XCPi, a Global Express and a Bell Helicopter 412. The centre will add a Falcon 900EX/2000EX early in 2011.  The state-of-the-art simulators have breakthrough visual realism, cockpit replication, high-fidelity avionics simulation and flight and ground-handling characteristics indistinguishable from an operational aircraft. ECFT offers a range of simulated aircraft types and type-rated courses, covering business jets, as well as narrow and wide-body commercial jets. The centre offers courses in pilot and maintenance training. Most of these simulators are certified by the JAA, FAA or GCAA.  There is also a flight training centre loca (more...)
AJS
Advertisement
|
|
|
|
|
All rights reserved - AlJazeeraJobs ® is a registered trade mark and unauthorised usage is strictly prohibited.
|
, , , , ,