GulfTalent.com
Sales Consultant
Ashburn Cyber Security
UAE
Posted on: 5 May 2014
THE ROLE
Expand all
We are looking for experienced Sales Consultants to be responsible for the following:
Build & maintain a sustainable sales pipeline
Prospect, generate and cultivate new leads
Identify new revenue opportunities within our existing customer base
Prepare proposals including RFP’s
Deliver effective sales presentations via the web
Provide customer support and services
You will have a monthly and quarterly target to achieve and your pay / commission structure is relevant to you hitting these.
REQUIREMENTS
***Previous sales experience a must***
Minimum five (5) years of Sales experience with enterprise-level direct sales experience for IT services and software; an in-depth knowledge of the IT security and compliance sector is a plus
Familiar with web based software
Must be an excellent communicator both verbal and written.
Must be a sales hunter.
Must have excellent active listening skills.
Must be able to think on your feet and create winning solutions for our clients
Must be a self-starter and accountable for results
You must be able to build leads independently to create a steady sales pipeline. You set your own hours and work from home. We will offer you a very high percentage commission. If you are a high achiever in technical sales, you will do very well at this position.
Everyone likes to be in control of their future, so you will be rewarded with incentives and commission meaning your earning potential is uncapped.
ABOUT THE COMPANY
Headquartered just outside our Nation’s Capital in Ashburn Virginia, Ashburn Cyber Security is a premier provider of Cyber Security and Project Management services and solutions for government clients in the defense, and civilian agencies, as well as within commercial sector.
At Ashburn Cyber Security, our mission is to provide you with the best security solutions to discover and eliminate unknown threats on your network, minimize expensive computer downtime and minimize data loss. Sophisticated malware attacks against enterprises and government agencies are on the rise. We help you understand, document, manage and mitigate cyber security risk while, reducing security costs and achieving compliance with applicable regulations, standards and guidance. Our solutions are specifically developed to improve your information security posture, while meeting FISMA requirements, including OMB standards, NIST guidance and DIACAP directives.
Send
|
|