alJazeera Jobs - Manager - Product Registration and Compliance
Jobs in Qatar, Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, Oman, Bahrain, Dubai, Abu Dhabi by alJazeera Jobs
Select Language
English
Francais
Deutsch
عربي
Español
Português
Русский
Nederlands
Türkçe
اردو
Contact alJazeera Jobs Bahrain: (+973) 16199-113
Serving Arabian Gulf Job Seekers since 2007, alJazeera Jobs
is the established, trusted and leading provider of Jobs in
, , , ,
and .
Subscribe to our custom developed Candidate
Management Service to proactively place your details in Arabic
and English into the HR systems of the leading employers in
the Gulf. Jump to the head of the queue and get hired, sign-up
.
JOB SEARCH
I'm looking for...
In location
Select Country
Saudi Arabia
UAE
Kuwait
Qatar
Bahrain
Oman
other
ACCOUNT MANAGEMENT:
|
Manager - Product Registration and Compliance
06 May 2014 02:39 AM - UAE
Manager - Product Registration and ComplianceApply now Job no:
650424Brand: Corporate FunctionsSite / Location: Al Barsha Boutique. Building. (Barsh-1)The Role:You will undertake all general activities for the collection and submission of applications and approvals with the Ministry and appropriate Government bodies in matters relating to the set up of product licenses and registrations. Prepare and complete required documentation for registration and compliance of products in line with Ministerial requirements. Provide complete documentation, including translation of product description from English to Arabic. Liaise where needed with the home and regional brand teams to obtain the relevant documents File necessary applications and handle all government interactions pertaining to the regulation and compliance process for products requiring governmental approvalProvide a point of contact for store/Ministry queries regarding product registration and compliance issues.Qualifications & Requirements:Bachelors degree in Pharmacy2-3 years' experience in the field of cosmetics, medical devices, food, food supplements, medicines etc. Base line regulatory & product compliance experience.Licen (more...)
ASY
Advertisement
|
|
|
|
|
All rights reserved - AlJazeeraJobs ® is a registered trade mark and unauthorised usage is strictly prohibited.
|
, , , , ,