alJazeera Jobs - Group Design Project Manager - Property
Jobs in Qatar, Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, Oman, Bahrain, Dubai, Abu Dhabi by alJazeera Jobs
Select Language
English
Francais
Deutsch
عربي
Español
Português
Русский
Nederlands
Türkçe
اردو
Contact alJazeera Jobs Bahrain: (+973) 16199-113
Serving Arabian Gulf Job Seekers since 2007, alJazeera Jobs
is the established, trusted and leading provider of Jobs in
, , , ,
and .
Subscribe to our custom developed Candidate
Management Service to proactively place your details in Arabic
and English into the HR systems of the leading employers in
the Gulf. Jump to the head of the queue and get hired, sign-up
.
JOB SEARCH
I'm looking for...
In location
Select Country
Saudi Arabia
UAE
Kuwait
Qatar
Bahrain
Oman
other
ACCOUNT MANAGEMENT:
|
Group Design Project Manager - Property
06 May 2014 02:39 AM - UAE
Group Design Project Manager - PropertyApply now Job no: 655972Location: Dubai Dubai Head Office Property The Property Division manages all aspects of Alshaya's 2,500 store retail property portfolio for our 70+ brands across 19 countries. The property division is split into 3 areas, Real Estate, Project Management and Facilities Management (FM). The Division holds regular reviews on store performance and drives real estate portfolio maximizations to ensure it meets the company's and brands' expectations in regard to quality and profitability. With 450 new stores opened in 2012, and with 425 new stores and 400 refurbishments planned for 2013, the work is fast-paced and dynamic. The team structure is split by region, ensuring your exposure across a number of international blue chip brands. The Role: The Group Design Project Manager will cover, but not be limited to design coordination/development for the region for the Starbucks brand.Qualifications & Requirements: ·  Professional Degree qualification in Interior or Architectural design with minimum of 5 years experience·  Experience in the Retail Industry / Food & Beverage would be an advantage·  Project Management experience is a requirement for this role·  Proven experience in the formulation of des (more...)
ASY
Advertisement
|
|
|
|
|
All rights reserved - AlJazeeraJobs ® is a registered trade mark and unauthorised usage is strictly prohibited.
|
, , , , ,