Senior Production Technologist job in UAE | Job ID: 950070 | oil and gas Job Search
Senior Production Technologist job in UAE
Rate
Type
Permanent
Location
UAE
Region
KUL
Town
Kuala Lumpur
Required Residency
Posted By
Date Posted
6 May 2014
Expiry Date
9 May 2014
Job Reference
Production Technologist
Job Description
Why Halliburton? How about global opportunities, interesting work within small cohesive teams, extensive training, and the opportunity to take your career wherever you want it to GO, with all the support and stability of a truly global organization. With more than 72,000 employees in approximately 80 countries, Halliburton is one of the largest and most respected energy services companies in the industry. Since 1919, our customers have relied on our industry-leading technologies, scientific expertise and, most importantly, our knowledgeable and experienced professionals to help them meet the world's demand for energy. Whether you are a new graduate seeking your first job, or an experienced professional looking to make a career change, we have fantastic opportunities across our organization. Are you ready to GO?Key Responsibilities:-Under broad direction and with support from engineering and operations staff across all ESG divisions, leads and directs a senior, multi- discipline petrotechnical team to support the evaluation and development of new, potentially large-scale oil and/or gas field development projects currently controled by Halliburton oil company clients to be considered for investment by Halliburton and its funding partners per project assignment by Sr. Project Development Manager. -Certain evaulated projects which meet the criteria for investment by Halliburton and its funding partners will be matured into pilot or "drill to earn" projects with detailed well / facility plans for execution by Halliburton's Project Management organization leveraging the technology, know-how, local knowledge, experience and oilfield goods / services of Halliburton Energy Service Group. -For projects that appear to meet the investment criteria, the Project Development Manager will lead a team to generate conceptual field development plans based on the assumption of a successful pilot project program and considering full "Area of Mutual Interest" (AMI) economics. -The focus of this evaluation and field development work will be towards certain challenging oilfield development environments where Halliburton solutions can improve recovery efficiency, increase production, and/or reduce development cost per unit of production. Additional responsibilities include supporting the Sr. Project Development Manager in defining standardized, best practice processes to support the systematic yet efficient and effective evaluation, well engineering, and field development planning work required as part of the project development process. -Provides Sr. Project Development Manager with weekly progress reports covering the project evaluations which have been assigned. -Provides effective coordination of technical resources working in other Halliburton Divisions to support formal brainstorming workshops, a key component of the systematic project development process. -Ensures the technical quality of work related to such evaluation and project field development planning work for the assigned projects is both accurate and timely. -Job role contributes directly to value creation through cost control, technical innovation, and efficient coordination of Halliburton ESG PSL contributions while delivering high quality investment opportunities for Halliburton and its funding partners. -Job role has budgetary type of accountabilities related to the management resources subcontracted from other Halliburton PSLs (ie: Landmark Consulting Grop) as well as third party contractors and data / software providers by providing Sr. Project Development Manager with detailed evaluation plans for assigned projects which include estimates of level of effort / cost associated with the required resources coming from outside the core Project Development Team. Preferred Qualifications:-Skills are typically acquired through completion of an undergraduate degree in Petroleum Engineer or Geoscience.-15 years of experience in a variety of oil & gas exploration & production roles which includes experience in well construction, re-completion / work- over activity, geoscience interpretation, reservoir / production engineering, contract negotiation, technical staff supervision and management experienceHalliburton is proud to be an equal opportunity employer.
Find Related oil and gas Jobs
Latest Halliburton Jobs
Related Job Searches
© 2014 Copyright Oil and Gas Job Search.com Limited :: Part of The Jobsearch Group
Follow us
--Web2--