Sales Manager- Government | JobsDog
Search...
Looking in
Main menu
E-mail *
Check this
Sales Manager- Government
We are currently in search of filling the position of Sales Manager- Government –at the Radisson Blu Hotel & Park Inn, Abu Dhabi, Yas Island. The Sales Manager assists the department in generating new business for the hotel and achieving the financial and customer satisfaction goals.
Job Role & Responsibility• Strong Relationship with Ministries & Government Account• Knowledge of Abu Dhabi market is an advantage• Flexibility to respond to a range of different work situations• To actively promote and sell the facilities through client show rounds and familiarization events • To manage own accounts
Candidate Profile• Good knowledge of Arabic language is a must• Good English verbal and written communication skills• Commitment to delivering a high level of customer service• Positive attitude and good communication skills• Knowledge of local markets • Self-motivated with strong account management skills • Natural proactive attitude and excellent motivational skills • Able to conduct active selling and to fight the competition in the market • Yes I Can! AttitudeBenefits • The Company will provide you a studio in the staff housing complex• Transportation allowance• You will be entitled to have all meals in the staff cafeteria while on or off duty• You will be entitled to 1 (one) free round trip air ticket in economy class from Abu Dhabi to your home destination on completion of 12 months service and every 12 months thereafter• Hotel will provide the residence visa• Health insurance
Company
Industry
Location
Published
5 May, 2014
Similar Jobs
PRIMARY OBJECTIVE OF POSITION
The Credit Manager facilitates payment of all money due by promptly preparing invoices and processing incoming checks in accordance with hotel accounting and financial
At Ramada Beach Hotel, Ajman, gracious hospitality is a philosophy we extend throughout every level of our organization. Providing opportunities for personal and professional development, Ramada
You will be responsible to assist with the efficient running of the department in line with Hyatt International's Corporate Strategies and brand standards, whilst meeting employee, guest and owner
UAE – ASSISTANT HEAD WAITER – 01dwt22For a reputed Hotel in Dubai, UAELocation: Dubai, UAEIndustry: HospitalityDepartment: E&HSLevel: Staff Line levelMin. exp. in same role: 1 yearsMin. exp. in
UAE – ASSISTANT SERVICE MANAGER (FEMALE)– WEDDINGS & OSC (2 nos) – 01dwt23For a reputed Hotel in Dubai, UAELocation: Dubai, UAEIndustry: HospitalityDepartment: E&HSLevel: Mid- levelMin. exp