Procurement Engineer (Civil) and Foreman (Civil) Jobs in UAE | JI138345
Job Seeker Login:
|
If you're looking to post a job or searching resumes, go to our employer website
Procurement Engineer (Civil) and Foreman (Civil) Jobs in UAE
Job Functional Area
Job Title
Procurement Engineer (Civil) and Foreman (Civil)
Job Location
Posted on
May 05, 2014
Job Description
A Contracting Company in the UAE requires:
1- Procurement Engineer (Civil):
- Bachelor's Degree in Civil Engineering.
- 5-10 years UAE experience in the preparation of sub-contract agreements and material approvals.
2- Foreman (Civil)
- Diploma in Civil Engineering.
- 5-10 years experience in high-rise buildings in a construction company in the UAE.Apply Instructions for This Job
Interested applicants may send their CV, mentioning the position applied for, to Email: Find Similar Jobs Draftsman
- QA/QC Engineer (Civil)
- QA/QC Inspector (Civil)
- Planning Engineer
- QA/QC Inspector (MEP)
- Sr. Quantity Surveyor (Civil)
- Document Controller
... reputed contracting Company urgently required 5-8 years experienced Civil Supervisors with Diploma & having valid Bahrain driving license. ... in construction company for local transfer:
1- Driver with Bahrain license
2- Civil Engineer
3- Site Foreman/ Supervisor
- Minimum 5 years experience. ... Engineers (graduates) required to work in Sohar, Oman.
Preferably Indian / Pakistani, with 4-6 years experience. ... Engineers for its various Dam Projects.
Qualification: Minimum B.Sc. Civil Engineer.
Experience: Dam Projects more than 20 years experience.
The job includes overseas ...
More Jobs
, Find Relevant Functional Area Jobs, , , , , , ,
* Your Full Name:
* Your Email Address:
* Friends' Email Addresses:
[Separate email addresses with comma, max 3 emails at a time]
Job Title:
Procurement Engineer (Civil) and Foreman (Civil)
Add Note (Optional):
Log in to save this job, and find the jobs you saved already! If you are new at Careermidway.com, please
Email Address:
Password:
Enter your email address. You will receive a notification email with details on login information.
Enter email address
Post Comments on this Job
Relevant comments on this job are highly appreciated.
Please use personal name or nickname rather keywords in the name field.
Comments filling the fields with anchor text to spam this site and search engines may be edited, have URLs removed, or deleted entirely.
Your Name:
Your Email:
Show Email:
Check this to show your email address alongwith your name/comments.
Your Comments:
Enter Code*:
International Jobs
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
© Copyright 2014 All rights reserved Careermidway.com
|
|
|
|