Corporate IT Sales Executives Jobs in MAB Group, UAE | JI138342
Job Seeker Login:
|
If you're looking to post a job or searching resumes, go to our employer website
Corporate IT Sales Executives Jobs in UAE
Company Name
MAB Group
Job Functional Area
Job Title
Corporate IT Sales Executives
Job Location
Posted on
May 05, 2014
Job Description
MAB Required IT Sales Professionals:
An Iso certified company requires Corporate IT Sales executives with UAE experience for its IT division.
Attractive salary + commission.Apply Instructions for This Job
Email CV to:
www.mabgroup.comFind Similar Jobs requires the following:
Sales Engineers for Industrial Automation in following categories:
- Oil & Gas Sector
- Sugar Industry
- Textile Sector
- Pharmaceuticals ... Service Advisor (minimum of 3 years experience in the same field)
3- Sales Executive (3 Years Sales Experience in Automotive sales)
4- Technician ( 3 years Dealer exp ... Chocolate Showroom
1- SALES MEN & SALES WOMEN
2- GIFT WRAPPER / DESIGNER
- Experience in the same field is an advantage
- NOC from Sponsor
- Offer will be give ... to banks and institutions such as brokerage house, major insurance companies and large corporations that are commonly involved in large and complex monetary tran ... Industrial Electricians:
Able to make all industrial electrical works such as rewinding electric motors, Transformers, Assembling and repair of Control Panel ...
More Jobs
, Find Relevant Functional Area Jobs, , , ,
* Your Full Name:
* Your Email Address:
* Friends' Email Addresses:
[Separate email addresses with comma, max 3 emails at a time]
Job Title:
Corporate IT Sales Executives
Add Note (Optional):
Log in to save this job, and find the jobs you saved already! If you are new at Careermidway.com, please
Email Address:
Password:
Enter your email address. You will receive a notification email with details on login information.
Enter email address
Post Comments on this Job
Relevant comments on this job are highly appreciated.
Please use personal name or nickname rather keywords in the name field.
Comments filling the fields with anchor text to spam this site and search engines may be edited, have URLs removed, or deleted entirely.
Your Name:
Your Email:
Show Email:
Check this to show your email address alongwith your name/comments.
Your Comments:
Enter Code*:
International Jobs
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
© Copyright 2014 All rights reserved Careermidway.com
|
|
|
|