Team Lead Technical Support, Karachi, Warid Telecom Pvt Ltd
;
CAREERS
Applying for Job
Already a Member:
Sign In Here
New Member:
If you already have an account on ROZEE.PK you don't need to fill out registration form to create a new account. Simply login using your ROZEE.PK username or email address and password.
New Member
Team Lead Technical Support
Industry:
Telecommunication/ISP
Division:
Technology
Category:
Engineering
Total Position:
1
Job Type:
Full Time/Permanent
Department:
Network Operations Support
Job Location:
Karachi
Gender:
Doesn't Matter
Minimum Education:
Bachelors
Degree Title:
Bachelors in Engineering (Electrical/Telecom); Masters Preferred.
Career Level:
Experienced (Non-Manager)
Minimum Experience:
4 Years(4 years of relevant experience preferably in the telecom industry or any other industry with a similar job role.)
Work Permit:
Pakistan
Apply By:
May 6, 2014
Posted On:
Apr 29, 2014
Job Description
Job Purpose:Field monitoring of Corrective and Preventive Maintenance. Ensure maximum network availability through coordination and follow-up with O&M vendorJob Responsibilities:Conduct Preventive Maintenance (PM) inspection Visits to all sites in his area of responsibility (AOR) and report Regional PM Team Lead on prescribed format and verify Spares/ Consumables used at sites during Corrective Maintenance (CM)/ PM activity by vendor.Observe and report any theft/ tempering and/or misuse of facilities (by Guards, owners or both etc)Receive Critical External Alarms for his sites from Regional Network Operations Control (NOC) and respond with updated status of the issue/ clearance. Monitor CM activity of O&M vendor on the sites in AOR, follow up till closure of the alarms/ CM activity as and when reported by Regional NOC. Mobilize for prolonged or critical CM activity at sites in AOR.Maintenance of External alarms, visit the sites for rectification of faulty alarms to ensure recovery within Key performance Indicators.Perform Benchmarking of Diesel Generators (DG), in case of security company objection at Consumption Factor (CF) or any requirement from client.Ensure effective operation of all Volage & Temprature Dependent Circuit (VTDC) units deployed in his Area or Region and perform activation/ de-activation, removal, re-installation etc.Provide Support to Regional Technical Support Officers (TSO) in critical issues, and provide solutions for emergencies. Monitor & Audit TSO activities upon instruction of Regional ManagerBe able to handle team activities when and where required. Manage DG Overhauling: Compile and analyze the overhauling requirement from supervisors and/or O&M vendors, escalate the job to Overhauling vendor (if required). Also, compile the periodic inspection reports of newly overhauled engines and escalate to Overhauling vendor for rectification. Supervision and reporting of ongoing/new projects assigned by management, performance evaluation against KPI.
Key Performance Indicators (KPIs): Ensure network availability through regular O&M sites as per defined KPIs.
Required Skills
- Proactive approach, technical and analytical capabilities.
- Person with sound knowledge of DG Maintenance, AC Maintenance, VTDC, ATS
& IPS.
- Team Player & Team Leading Ability
© 2014 Warid Telecom, All rights reserved.
Designed by
in Pakistan