alJazeera Jobs - Clinical Pharmacist - Pharmacy (PRN) - Methodist Stone Oak Hospital
Jobs in Qatar, Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, Oman, Bahrain, Dubai, Abu Dhabi by alJazeera Jobs
Select Language
English
Francais
Deutsch
عربي
Español
Português
Русский
Nederlands
Türkçe
اردو
Contact alJazeera Jobs Bahrain: (+973) 16199-113
Serving Arabian Gulf Job Seekers since 2007, alJazeera Jobs
is the established, trusted and leading provider of Jobs in
, , , ,
and .
Subscribe to our custom developed Candidate
Management Service to proactively place your details in Arabic
and English into the HR systems of the leading employers in
the Gulf. Jump to the head of the queue and get hired, sign-up
.
JOB SEARCH
I'm looking for...
In location
Select Country
Saudi Arabia
UAE
Kuwait
Qatar
Bahrain
Oman
other
ACCOUNT MANAGEMENT:
|
Clinical Pharmacist - Pharmacy (PRN) - Methodist Stone Oak Hospital
05 May 2014 05:04 PM - UAE
. General Statement of Duties*:*The clinical pharmacist demonstrates proficiency in all pharmacist functions to include: Consulting on medication orders with nursing and medical staff, validating patient histories and current medication profiles, identifying medication variances and adverse drug reactions, using formulary alternatives and handling complaints. Conducts drug regimen reviews and responds to specific polypharmacy, pharmacokinetic and medication/MAR reconciliation consults. Recommends and monitors drug therapy as assigned by the medical staff. Utilizes expertise to train, mentor and supervise PharmD candidates, pharmacy residents, and technicians.Essential Job Functions*:_ _*Consistently provides pharmaceutical care to patients of all age and population groups to ensure appropriate prescribing, route, method of administration, and length of therapy; includes review of allergy history on all patients and weight for weight-based dosing; Monitors for age appropriate response to drug therapy and for any adverse events from drug therapy. Exhibits competence in pharmacy clinical functions and accessing drug / patient information resources including lab values. Follows-through on all inappropriate drug regimens, including, documentation of key clinical pharmacy interventions, reporting of medication variances and overall improvements to the medication management system. Provides general and/or patient specific drug information as required to other health professionals in an expedient and professional manner.Performs computer order entry of medication orders and maintains the patient's medication profile. Conducts therapy monitoring and other activities associated with the provision of pharmaceutical care including formulary auto-substitution. Contacts physicians concerning non-formulary drugs and completes documentation of non-formulary requests timely. Monitors all computer warnings, such as allergies, duplicate therapy, interactions, and dosing, for clinical significance and performs all follow-up actions as needed to include timely notification of physician and nurse.Provides continual guidance to technical staff as it applies to performance of pharmacy services. Supervises technical support personnel in drug preparation and distribution systems and participates in competency training for technical personnel. Performs accurate final dispensing check of all medication orders and completes required documentation. Informs supervisor or pharmacy manager of performance or discipline problems of technical staff.Complies with applicable federal and state law, pharmacy standards of practice and US Pharmaceopeia guidelines for compounding of sterile preparations; complies with organizational policies and procedures as well as Joint Commission standards. Performs controlled substance documentation and distribution procedures accurately. Completes mandatory inventories and audits; may participate in the hospital's annual inventory process.Performs decentralized direct support to assigned units within the facility including rounding with other members of the healthcare team when applicable. Participates in activities targeted by the department including Clinical Pharmacy Reports, Medication Utilization Evaluation (MUE), food/drug interaction monitoring, patient counseling, ADR monitoring, in-services for other health care providers, and collection of data for Performance Improvement indicators.Provides cross-coverage in pharmacy areas as required. Assists in times of short staffing or increased workload to ensure quality patient care.Minimum Education, Experience, Training, Required Knowledge, Skill, Abilities and Other Job-Related Characteristics:Education: ONEof the following:A. Doctor of Pharmacy (PharmD)B. Bachelor of Science in PharmacyExperience:none required.Employee completes initial and ongoing training and competencies as defined by serviceline, facility and department/unit which are specific to the needs of the patient populationserved (if applicable).Minimum License, Certificates, or Registrations Required:ONE of the following prior to the first day of employment:A. Current Registered Pharmacist licensed by the Texas State Board of PharmacyB. Licensed pharmacist in another state: Provide proof of the Authorization to Test(ATT) from the Texas State Board of PharmacyReporting Relationships:Supervised By: Area Supervisor and/or Pharmacy ManagerSupervision Of: Activities of Pharmacy Technical Support Staff_ _Physical RequirementsEnvironmental and Physical Demands/Hazardous Conditions:WORKING CONDITIONS( X ) INSIDE: Spends approximately 38 hours or more per week inside.( X ) OUTSIDE: Spend approximately 2 hours per week outside (driving/running work related errands).( ) BOTH: The activities occur inside and outside in approximately equal amounts.WORK POSITIONS: (defined in 5% increments of work time):Sitting _ 40 %_ + Standing _ 20 %_ + Walking _ 40 %_ = 100% ___LIFTING/CARRYING DEMANDS: _Ability to lift, push and pull with assistance (mechanical or coworker) the weight of an average patient/heaviest object specific to the department.( ) SEDENTARY WORK: Lifting 10 lbs. maximum and occasional lifting and/or carrying articles.( ) LIGHT WORK: Lifting 20 lbs. maximum with frequent lifting and/or carrying articles weighing up to 10 lbs.(X) MEDIUM WORK: Lifting 50 lbs. maximum with frequent lifting and/or carrying of objects weighing up to 25 lbs.( ) HEAVY WORK: Lifting 100 lbs. maximum with frequent lifting and/or carrying of objects weighing up to 50 lbs.( ) VERY HEAVY WORK: Lifting objects in excess of 100 lbs. with frequent lifting and/or carrying of objects weighing more than 50 lbs.Schedule: PRN/Per DiemReq ID: 0313 (more...)
JBS
Advertisement
|
|
|
|
|
All rights reserved - AlJazeeraJobs ® is a registered trade mark and unauthorised usage is strictly prohibited.
|
, , , , ,