alJazeera Jobs - RN - Progressive Care Unit (7a-7p) - Northeast Methodist Hospital
Jobs in Qatar, Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, Oman, Bahrain, Dubai, Abu Dhabi by alJazeera Jobs
Select Language
English
Francais
Deutsch
عربي
Español
Português
Русский
Nederlands
Türkçe
اردو
Contact alJazeera Jobs Bahrain: (+973) 16199-113
Serving Arabian Gulf Job Seekers since 2007, alJazeera Jobs
is the established, trusted and leading provider of Jobs in
, , , ,
and .
Subscribe to our custom developed Candidate
Management Service to proactively place your details in Arabic
and English into the HR systems of the leading employers in
the Gulf. Jump to the head of the queue and get hired, sign-up
.
JOB SEARCH
I'm looking for...
In location
Select Country
Saudi Arabia
UAE
Kuwait
Qatar
Bahrain
Oman
other
ACCOUNT MANAGEMENT:
|
RN - Progressive Care Unit (7a-7p) - Northeast Methodist Hospital
05 May 2014 05:04 PM - UAE
. General Statement of Duties*_:_*__The professional Registered Nurse (RN) is the patient and patient's family advocate. He/she consistently applies and utilizes the nursing process, critical thinking skills, scientific judgment, technical skills and leadership to independently deliver safe nursing care to patients. The RN collaborates with the patient care team to achieve quality patient outcomes in alignment with the Hospital mission and Methodist Excellence goals. Communicates and utilizes interpersonal skills effectively and role models confidence and professionalism within nursing as evidenced by active engagement in unit and organizational activities. Demonstrates team work and adaptability and is a resource person to the patient care team. He/she is accountable for the quality of nursing care services delivered by self or others under their direction in accordance with the Texas Nurse Practice Act, hospital policies and procedures and the Texas Board of Nursing rules for delegated nursing tasks (Chapter 224). Promotes a positive image of nursing and demonstrates team work and adaptability through consistently following the standards of Methodist Excellence.Essential Job Functions*_:_*Applies nursing judgment through a thorough, systematic approach of applying the nursing process to include:Assessment: Conducts comprehensive, timely, and ongoing focused physical, psycho- social and pain assessments; includes assessment of patient education needs.Planning: Utilizes the assessment, identifies problems, makes nursing diagnoses, formulates goals, teaching plans and outcomes to create an individualized plan of care.Identifies individual patient goals, readiness to learn and incorporates family into the plan of care.Implementation: Prioritizes and implements a competent, prioritized and efficient nursing plan of care.Evaluation/Reassessment: Consistently conducts timely evaluation, anticipates and recognizes changes in patient conditions, determines when reassessments are needed and adjusts the plan of care as necessary. Compares expected and achieved outcomes of nursing care utilizing the plan of care.Collaborates with patient care team members on patient care plan; communicates timely and effectively with physicians and other members of the patient care team through verbal, written or electronic communication to coordinate and facilitate meeting patient needs. Incorporates consistent use of hand-off communication and SBAR communication methods.Demonstrates critical thinking skills, scientific judgment, and organizational skills. Prioritizes tasks and adjusts priorities when necessary. Maintains an orderly, efficient and timely flow of patients. Recognizes and reports errors and unusual occurrences and analyze contributing factors. Initiates corrective action when appropriate.Makes accurate, complete and timely entries into the patient medical record addressing all steps of the nursing process. Actively communicates with members of the healthcare team, patient and patient family.Maintains current nursing knowledge to assure a safe working environment. Demonstrates practical application of all policies and procedures relative to safety and the pillars of Methodist Excellence to include: Applicable quality core measures, infection prevention, fall prevention, medication administration safety, hourly rounding, and AIDET principles.Responsible to supervise tasks delegated to unlicensed personnel and accountable for tasks performed by unlicensed personnel according to the Texas BON rules for delegated nursing tasks (Chapter 224).Minimum Education, Experience, Training, Required Knowledge, Skill, Abilities and Other Job-Related Characteristics:__Education:Graduate of an accredited diploma, associates, or baccalaureate degree nursing program*RNs hired as of 01/01/2013 that do not have a BSN upon hire must do ALLof the following:Enroll in a BSN or higher degree nursing program within two years of hire date and submit documentation to facility CNO (or designated representative)Complete the BSN or higher degree nursing program within five years of hire dateNote: Verification of high school graduation/GED is required for those who completed nursing diploma programs.Experience:RN I- Less than six months experience. MHS practice for RNs with less than six months experience is to attend an RN Residency program.RN II- A minimum of six months clinical experience as a licensed RNEmployee completes initial and ongoing training and competencies as defined by service line, facility and department/unit which are specific to the needs of the patient population served (if applicable).Preferred:Bachelor of Science in Nursing (BSN) on hireMinimum License, Certificates, or Registrations Required:Required:RN License to practice as a professional registered nursing in the state of TexasPreferred:Certification in their specialtyPhysical RequirementsEnvironmental and Physical Demands/Hazardous Conditions:_ _WORKING CONDITIONS(X) INSIDE: Spends approximately 40 hours or more per week inside.( ) OUTSIDE: Spend approximately __ hours per week outside (driving/running work related errands).( ) BOTH: The activities occur inside and outside in approximately equal amounts.WORK POSITIONS: (defined in 5% increments of work time):Sitting 10 % + Standing 30 % + Walking 60 % = 100%LIFTING/CARRYING DEMANDS*:*Ability to lift, push and pull with assistance (mechanical or co-worker) the weight of an average patient/heaviest object specific to the department.( ) SEDENTARY WORK: Lifting 10 lbs. maximum and occasional lifting and/or carrying articles.(X) LIGHT WORK: Lifting 20 lbs. maximum with frequent lifting and/or carrying articles weighing up to 10 lbs.( ) MEDIUM WORK: Lifting 50 lbs. maximum with frequent lifting and/or carrying of objects Weighing up to 25 lbs.( ) HEAVY WORK: Lifting 100 lbs. maximum with frequent lifting and/or carrying of objects weighing up to 50 lbs.( ) VERY HEAVY WORK: Lifting objects in excess of 100 lbs. with frequent lifting and/or carrying of objects weighing more than 50 lbs.Schedule: Full-timeReq ID: 01574-51364
Advertisement
|
|
|
|
|
All rights reserved - AlJazeeraJobs ® is a registered trade mark and unauthorised usage is strictly prohibited.
|
, , , , ,