alJazeera Jobs - Wellness Coordinator
Jobs in Qatar, Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, Oman, Bahrain, Dubai, Abu Dhabi by alJazeera Jobs
Select Language
English
Francais
Deutsch
عربي
Español
Português
Русский
Nederlands
Türkçe
اردو
Contact alJazeera Jobs Bahrain: (+973) 16199-113
Serving Arabian Gulf Job Seekers since 2007, alJazeera Jobs
is the established, trusted and leading provider of Jobs in
, , , ,
and .
Subscribe to our custom developed Candidate
Management Service to proactively place your details in Arabic
and English into the HR systems of the leading employers in
the Gulf. Jump to the head of the queue and get hired, sign-up
.
JOB SEARCH
I'm looking for...
In location
Select Country
Saudi Arabia
UAE
Kuwait
Qatar
Bahrain
Oman
other
ACCOUNT MANAGEMENT:
|
Wellness Coordinator
05 May 2014 08:39 PM - UAE
. Wellness Coordinator Company The iconic St. Regis Saadiyat Island Resort is looking for experienced ____________The St. Regis Saadiyat Island Resort’s air of mystique is created by thoughtful Mediterranean architecture and a contemporary interior design, which is further enhanced by an intelligent use of natural products and elements. This calming ambience flows through the food and beverage outlets that provide sumptuous meals and refreshing drinks all the way to one of the largest function facilities in the region. St. Regis is part of the Starwood Hotels and Resorts Worldwide Inc.Starwood Hotels and Resorts Worldwide Inc. is one of the leading hotel and leisure companies in the world with over 1073 properties in 100 countries and operates in addition to the St Regis the Luxury Collection, W, Westin, Le Méridien, Sheraton, Four Points by Sheraton, Aloft and Element brands. For more information on Starwood please visit www.starwoodhotels.com Location St Regis Saadiyat Island Resort is located at the tip of the Saadiyat Island, a beautiful natural island just 20 minutes from Abu Dhabi International airport and 7 minutes from downtown Abu Dhabi. St Regis Saadiyat Island Resort is destined to become the address of choice for discerning, well-travelled connoisseurs. The resort features 377 guestrooms, all with private terraces with panoramic views of the turquoise Arabian Gulf. The 3000 square meter Regal Ballroom is designed for the grandest gatherings while additional 4 meeting rooms support the ballroom. Culinary excellence comes in the form of 55&5th, a classic New York style grill and lounge restaurant that has been named after the new York address of the very first St. Regis. Oléa, with 180 seats and Mediterranean cuisine, are the hotels main restaurant with both indoor and alfresco dining options. Sontaya, a Southeast Asian glass-walled pavilion restaurant that and Turquoiz, a beach front seafood restaurant complete the exquisite dining opportunities at the St. Regis Saadiyat Island Resort. The Manhattan Lounge and The Drawing Room provide venues for relaxing and light snacks and beverages and an opportunity to taste the signature cocktail, Arabian Snapper. St. Regis Saadiyat Island Resort also features region’s first Iridium Spa with 12 treatment rooms and individually-themed Spa Suites. The St. Regis signature Butler Service together with the exquisite, personalized service is at the heart of the experience at the St Regis Saadiyat Island Resort. For more information on the property, please visit www.stregis.com/saadiyatisland Department Human Resouces Job Description In connection with the Human Resources team and upon completion of Immersion Training, to provide a proactive and supportive Human Resources service to all staff, upholding The St. Regis Saadiyat Island Resort goals of StarVoice, GEI and financial profitability and all HR Key Performance Indicators of recruitment, training, retention and administering effective flow of documentation relating to staff. To take full responsibility for ensuring the health standards regarding UAE law and Starwood policies are adhered to at all times. Maintain accurate record of all health documents. Provide statistics and reports for medical attention, visit to the clinic and inventory of the medical equipment. Ensure that all notice boards are kept up-to-date at all times ensuring that all relevant information is available for the staff. Lead and coordinate sports and wellness awareness activities at The St. Regis Saadiyat Island Resort.It is not the intent of this job description to cover all aspects of the position but to highlight the most important areas of responsibility. Requirements The candidate is preferred to have a background in the hospitality i (more...)
GC
Advertisement
|
|
|
|
|
All rights reserved - AlJazeeraJobs ® is a registered trade mark and unauthorised usage is strictly prohibited.
|
, , , , ,