Finance Director Job in Dubai - MEIH - Bayt.com
OK
Cancel
Loading...
Loading...
Jobs
Jobs
Salaries
People Companies Specialties
- All -
- All -Algeria (12)Bahrain (115)Dubai (1555)Egypt (501)Iraq (81)Jordan (391)Kuwait (742)Lebanon (250)Libya (16)Morocco (12)Oman (96)Pakistan (34)Qatar (1059)Saudi Arabia (2772)Sri Lanka (62)Tunisia (6)UAE (3585)Yemen (3)
Loading...
Menu - []
›
› Job Description
Finance Director
- ,
Date Posted: 2014/05/05 13:24:11
Ref. JB3047481
Job Description
We are looking for top caliber finance director to manage all of our finance and accounting as we continue our rapid expansion throughout the Middle East. This person will work directly with our two managing partners and be responsible for building the finance and accounting organization for all of our businesses. We are looking for top caliber finance director to manage all of our finance and accounting as we continue our rapid expansion throughout the Middle East. This person will work directly with our two managing partners and be responsible for building the finance and accounting organization for all of our businesses.
The primary responsibilities include:
• Ensuring all accounting entries are made accurately each month
• Reconciling our accounting entries to our bank accounts each week
• Management reporting for all of our businesses on a monthly basis
• Establishing processes for payments, invoicing, and collections and ensuring they are being followed
• Managing payroll
• Advising on tax matters
• Ensuring that each business adheres to their business plan and does not over-spend or significantly under-spend
Skills
The ideal candidate will have the following skills & experience:
•Top academic background - + GPA from a world-class university
• 6-10 years of experience, preferably both at a Big 4 accounting firm and a high-growth company
• Capable of building a complex finance department with strong processes from scratch, including managing, payroll, A/R, reporting and other key functions
• Excellent communication skills
• Highly motivated & results-driven; willing to work long hours in a fast-paced start-up environment
Job Details
Job Location:
Dubai, United Arab Emirates
Company Industry:
Internet/E-commerce
Company Type:
Employer (Private Sector)
Job Role:
Accounting/Banking/Finance
Joining Date:
Unspecified
Employment Status:
Full time
Employment Type:
Employee
Monthly Salary Range:
Unspecified
Manages Others:
Unspecified
Number of Vacancies:
1
Preferred Candidate
Career Level:
Management
Years of Experience:
Min: 7 Max: 10
Residence Location:
United Arab Emirates
Gender:
Unspecified
Nationality:
Unspecified
Degree:
Bachelor's degree / higher diploma
About This Company
Middle East Internet Holding is a joint venture between Rocket Internet and MTN Telecom founded in 2013. It is being run by part of the team that founded Namshi.com, the biggest online fashion store in the region.We have recently launched three new internet businesses in the Middle East: Lamudi.com a real estate classifieds platform operating today in twelve countries within Asia, Africa and Latin America, EasyTaxi.com a mobile phone application for requesting taxis, and Carmudi an online portal for vehicles .Our recruiting process is very selective. Management profiles include McKinsey, Google, Stanford GSB, and Harvard business school. We are looking for people who can work side by side with some of the best in the industry.
Date Posted: 2014/05/05 13:24:11
Ref. JB3047481
Similar Jobs
Recommended Courses
Invite Your
Friends to Bayt.com
Find Jobs
About Bayt.com
Bayt.com is the leading job site in the Gulf and Middle East, connecting job seekers with employers looking to hire.
Every day, thousands of new job vacancies are listed on the award-winning platform from the region's top employers.
Company
Quick Links
Follow
© 2000-2014 Bayt.com, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
-
Reproduction of material from any Bayt.com pages without written permission is strictly prohibited.