Restaurant Executive Chef - PF Changs - UAE Job in Abu Dhabi - M.H. Alshaya Co. - Bayt.com
OK
Cancel
Loading...
Loading...
Jobs
Jobs
Salaries
People Companies Specialties
- All -
- All -Algeria (12)Bahrain (115)Dubai (1555)Egypt (501)Iraq (81)Jordan (391)Kuwait (742)Lebanon (250)Libya (16)Morocco (12)Oman (96)Pakistan (34)Qatar (1059)Saudi Arabia (2772)Sri Lanka (62)Tunisia (6)UAE (3585)Yemen (3)
Loading...
Menu - []
›
› Job Description
Restaurant Executive Chef - PF Changs - UAE
- ,
Gold Career Provider
This employer achieved a Gold Career Provider status based on their record of hiring on Bayt.com.
Date Posted: 2014/05/05 14:00:07
Ref. JB3047499
Job Description
P.F. Chang's, an American restaurant chain serving American-Chinese cuisine, is committed to providing you with an exceptional dining experience every time you walk through our doors. Each dish on the menu is prepared using the freshest and highest quality ingredients and the dining experience is stylish, upbeat and comfortable. Joining PF Changs means becoming part of, and adding value to, a team that is committed to doing everything possible to providing an optimal dining experience for our guests.The Role:The Executive Chef is responsible for maximising the productivity of the kitchen staff, as well as managing the Sous Chef and Chef de Partie. You will also be responsible for ensuring all culinary standards in all sections comply with company policies and procedures.Qualifications & Requirements:You will have/be:-
At least 5 years' experience in a high-volume, fast-paced restaurant-
People management skills-
New concept opening experience-
Training and development skills-
SOP implementation experience-
Excellent computer knowledge-
Excellent communications skills in English.M.H. Alshaya Co. is a leading international franchise operator for over 70 of the world's most recognised retail brands including Starbucks, H&M;, Mothercare, Debenhams, American Eagle Outfitters, P.F. Chang's, The Cheesecake Factory, Victoria's Secret, Boots, Pottery Barn and KidZania. The company operates over 2,600 stores across diverse customer sectors: Fashion & Footwear, Health & Beauty, Food, Optics, Pharmacy, Home Furnishings and Leisure & Entertainment.Alshaya's stores can be found in markets across the Middle East and North Africa, Russia, Turkey and Europe and the company employs more than 40,000 people from over 110 nationalities.
Skills
Executive Chef
Job Details
Job Location:
Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates
Company Industry:
Catering/Food Services/Restaurants
Company Type:
Employer (Private Sector)
Job Role:
Management
Joining Date:
Unspecified
Employment Status:
Full time
Employment Type:
Employee
Monthly Salary Range:
Unspecified
Manages Others:
No
Number of Vacancies:
1
Preferred Candidate
Career Level:
Management
Years of Experience:
Unspecified
Residence Location:
Unspecified
Gender:
Unspecified
Nationality:
Unspecified
Degree:
Unspecified
About This Company
M.H. Alshaya Co.
is a leading international franchise operator for over 70 of the world’s most recognised retail brands including Starbucks, H&M;, Mothercare, Debenhams, American Eagle Outfitters, P.F. Chang’s, The Cheesecake Factory, Victoria’s Secret, Boots, Pottery Barn and KidZania. The company operates over 2,600 stores across diverse customer sectors: Fashion & Footwear, Health & Beauty, Food, Optics, Pharmacy, Home Furnishings and Leisure & Entertainment. Alshaya’s stores can be found in markets across the Middle East and North Africa, Russia, Turkey and Europe and the company employs more than 40,000 people from over 110 nationalities.
The company has established itself as the industry leader across these territories through a combination of local market understanding and a comprehensive commitment to customer service. Growth in each of its operating divisions and brands is supported by continuous investment in talent and infrastructure. It applies best practices in retail operations, merchandising, marketing, information technology, logistics, real estate, human resources and financial controls.
M.H. Alshaya Co. is the retail business of the Alshaya Group, which was founded in Kuwait in 1890 and today represents one of the most dynamic companies in the Middle East. In addition to its retail operations, the Alshaya Group is active in a number of other sectors including real estate, automotive, hotels, trading and investments. Learn more about the company at www.alshaya.com
Date Posted: 2014/05/05 14:00:07
Ref. JB3047499
Recommended Courses
Invite Your
Friends to Bayt.com
Find Jobs
About Bayt.com
Bayt.com is the leading job site in the Gulf and Middle East, connecting job seekers with employers looking to hire.
Every day, thousands of new job vacancies are listed on the award-winning platform from the region's top employers.
Company
Quick Links
Follow
© 2000-2014 Bayt.com, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
-
Reproduction of material from any Bayt.com pages without written permission is strictly prohibited.