Sr SAP Payroll Analyst/Developer job in UAE | Job ID: 950006 | oil and gas Job Search
Sr SAP Payroll Analyst/Developer job in UAE
Rate
Type
Permanent
Location
UAE
Region
TX
Town
Houston
Required Residency
Posted By
Date Posted
5 May 2014
Expiry Date
4 Jun 2014
Job Reference
NB00264115_EXT_000
Job Description
Why Halliburton? How about global opportunities, interesting work within small cohesive teams, extensive training, and the opportunity to take your career wherever you want it to GO, with all the support and stability of a truly global organization. With more than 72,000 employees in approximately 80 countries, Halliburton is one of the largest and most respected energy services companies in the industry. Since 1919, our customers have relied on our industry-leading technologies, scientific expertise and, most importantly, our knowledgeable and experienced professionals to help them meet the world's demand for energy. Whether you are a new graduate seeking your first job, or an experienced professional looking to make a career change, we have fantastic opportunities across our organization. Are you ready to GO? Help energize the world. One oil company at a time.As a Halliburton Senior Information Technology Applications Analyst/Developer you provide a high level of customer support in the software selection-applications process. You are often called upon to be the focal contact point for an application, group of applications, or specific customer group. You must be trained and knowledgeable about all applicable software - proprietary and third-party. Take an active role in the development/acquisition, maintenance, and/or support of those applications in an assigned technology, major system or functional area. Put in the due diligence needed to find the right software that meets our requirements, specifications and system designs needs. You will also perform project setups, analyses, designs and the like for customers.A bachelor's degree in computer science, Management Information Systems or engineering and a minimum of seven yearsexperience in systems development and/or applications support, including analysis, design, programming, productselection, support and/or maintenance are required.In this role you will utilize expert knowledge of SAP Payroll to resolve problems and provide solutions to support andenhance the Company's payroll application.Requirements:-A bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Management Information Systems, or related field.-A minimum of seven years' experience in systems development and/or applications support in the SAP Payroll module.-Detailed understanding of the end-to-end SAP Payroll process.-Experience in hands-on SAP Payroll configuration, including Wage Types, Payroll Schema/Personnel Calculation Rules, FIPosting, and Third-Party Processing.-Experience with research and investigation of SAP HR Support Packs.-Experience with SAP Payroll system testing and parallel testing.-Written communication skills to gather business requirements and create functional and technical documentation.-Verbal communication skills to interact with a global, diverse, customer population.-Functional knowledge of SAP Time Management, Personnel Administration, and Benefits are a plus.-Experience with SAP Payroll project management and implementation a plus.*LI-BD1 Halliburton is proud to be an equal opportunity employer.
Find Related oil and gas Jobs
Latest Halliburton Jobs
Related Job Searches
© 2014 Copyright Oil and Gas Job Search.com Limited :: Part of The Jobsearch Group
Follow us
--Web2--