GulfTalent.com
Customer Service Officer – 5 Months Contract
American International Group, Inc. (AIG)
UAE
Posted on: 5 May 2014
THE ROLE
Expand all
To ensure end to end service of customer requests, answer inquiries, handle complaints, troubleshoot problems and provide information in a professional manner.
1. Responsible for service delivery, policy administration including but not limited to submission management, policy document printing and dispatch, policy file management, sending renewal notices/lists to customers/intermediaries with appropriate follow ups, claims processing (where applicable) and query handling.
2. Follow established procedures for service requests including logging, processing requests, responding to queries, complaint handling and adhere to KPI's, SLA's and quality standards.
3. Manage, maintain and archive records electronically or otherwise as needed as per Chartis guidelines.
4. Identify and escalate priority issues.
5. Ensure all tasks and activities are in conformance with the Chartis Company Statement of Operational Standards.
REQUIREMENTS
2 years experience in a similar role
Proficiency in Arabic and English is a must
ABOUT THE COMPANY
American International Group, Inc. (AIG) is a leading international insurance organization serving customers in more than 130 countries and jurisdictions. AIG companies serve commercial, institutional, and individual customers through one of the most extensive worldwide property-casualty networks of any insurer. In addition, AIG companies are leading providers of life insurance and retirement services in the United States. AIG common stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange and the Tokyo Stock Exchange.
AIG has been established as a world leader in insurance by helping its partners and customers realize their plans for the future. The organization assists businesses and individuals protect what they value. Innovative products and services help sustain the customers on their journey enabling them to pursue their goals with stability and success.
Send
|
|