Doctors, nurses wary of UAE jobs - Western Cape | IOL News | IOL.co.za
Sponsored Links:
Loading
Doctors, nurses wary of UAE jobs
January 10 2013 at 11:39am
By Caryn Dolley
INDEPENDENT NEWSPAPERS
Professor Cyril Karabus, who has been detained in Abu Dhabi. Photo: Supplied
Related Stories
Cape Town - The case against Cape Town doctor Cyril Karabus in the United Arab Emirates (UAE) has resulted in major international repercussions for that country.
On Wednesday, the South African Medical Association (Sama) warned practitioners to “think twice” before heading to work in the Middle East.
Many medical practitioners now worried about taking on jobs there have also contacted Karabus’s local lawyer seeking advice on conditions in the UAE.
Karabus, 77, a retired paediatric oncologist, has been held in the UAE since his arrest on a murder charge in August while in transit through Dubai.
He had been tried in absentia and convicted of homicide and falsifying documents after the death of three-year-old Sarah Adel in 2000 at the Sheikh Khalifa Medical Centre in Abu Dhabi, where he had been working as a locum.
He was sentenced, in absentia, to four years in jail.
On Wednesday, Sama spokesman Mzukisi Grootboom said about 98 percent of the medical work force in the Middle East consisted of expatriates of which a number “fell foul of the laws”.
“Sometimes the accusations against them are nebulous,” he said.
Grootboom said often these practitioners were not taken to a court and if they were, their access to legal advice and representation was blocked.
In some instances, the practitioners were told if they paid a fine, “or so-called blood money”, they would be released from custody and the matter would be withdrawn.
“Given the fact of such a poor human rights situation, we wonder if it’s still acceptable for South Africans to work there. The rule of law is very different to that of SA and (practitioners) can end up in trouble without any recourse...
“We are advising (medical practitioners) not from those countries to think twice before going there,” Grootboom said.
He did not have figures on how many doctors, nurses and other medical workers from South Africa were in the Middle East, but said since the Karabus case had been in the spotlight, similar incidents involving nurses and doctors had surfaced.
On its website, the British Medical Association said it had written to the UAE justice minister and foreign affairs minister “to ensure that Professor Karabus’ retrial meets international standards for a fair trial”.
In a statement the World Medical Association also called on UAE authorities to ensure Karabus was guaranteed a fair trial according to international standards” and had access to the relevant documents or information needed to prepare his defence.
On Wednesday, Karabus’s lawyer, Michael Bagraim, said after taking on Karabus’s case, he had been inundated with hundreds of calls from mainly nurses in Cape Town, but also foreign medical practitioners.
“They’re worried about taking on locums there (in the UAE),” he said.
Worried relatives of those already working there had also contacted Bagraim and late Tuesday a woman from New Zealand called him for advice before heading to work in the UAE.
He said nurses in SA were paid less than those working in the UAE and the majority he had spoken to were the breadwinners in their families.
“If you take that locum in the UAE, you can earn anything up to ten times more tax- free,” Bagraim said.
An online medical recruitment firm advertisement posted last year for jobs for paediatric nurses in the UAE said: “They offer very attractive TAX FREE salaries (approximately R46 000 per month) and all the usual Middle East benefits ie housing allowance, free dental and medical insurance, free flights etc”.
Bagraim said given the high pay, he understood why medical practitioners would want to work in the UAE.
“I tell them ‘yes, I can’t stop you from going… ’ But they need to be fully aware that if they make a mistake they could have criminal action taken against them.”
Bagraim had worked on a number of the worried nurses’ contracts to ensure that if this occurred, their employers would pay their legal fees.
caryn.dolley@inl.co.za
Cape Times
Comment Guidelines
Please read our .
Login and register, if you haven’ t already.
Write your comment in the block below and click (Post As)
Has a comment offended you? Hover your mouse over the comment and wait until a small triangle appears on the right-hand side. Click triangle () and select "Flag as inappropriate". Our moderators will take action if need be.
Join us on
Services
Whether you are a buyer or seller, wegotads is your online marketplace.
Buying a car has never been easy. Motoring.co.za contains a large database of car listings with a user friendly search.
Business Directory
You are here:
/
/
/
/
Doctors, nurses wary of UAE jobs
We like to make your life easier
to one of our feeds and receive instant news.
Browse IOL on your phone at
Subscribe to our
News delivered to your inbox!
© Copyright 1999 - 2012 Independent Online, a division of Independent Newspapers (Pty) Limited. The copyright in the literary and artistic works contained in this online news publication and its other related and connected websites, as well as in the published editions of group newspapers, their supplements and any other content or material, belongs exclusively to Independent Newspapers (Pty) Limited unless otherwise stated.
The reproduction of any content or material contained in this online news publication and its other related websites as well as the published editions of group newspapers and their supplements is expressly reserved to the publisher, Independent Newspapers (Pty) Limited, under Section 12(7) of the Copyright Act of 1978. Reliance on the information contained in the online news publications and other related content published on this website is done at your own risk and subject to our “terms and conditions”. Independent Newspapers (Pty) Limited has committed itself to The Press Code of Professional Practice which prescribes that news must be reported in a truthful, accurate, fair and balanced manner. If we don't live up to the Press Code please contact The Press Ombudsman 2nd Floor, 7 St David’s Park, St David’s Place, Parktown, 2193 or PO Box 47221, Parklands 2121 or email pressombudsman@ombudsman.org.za (www.ombudsman.org.za) or telephone
011 484 3612/8.