Sales Manager - Luxury Cars Job in Dubai - Nasir Bin Abdullah & Sons - Bayt.com
OK
Cancel
Loading...
Loading...
Jobs
Jobs
Salaries
People Companies Specialties
- All -
- All -Algeria (12)Bahrain (115)Dubai (1555)Egypt (495)Iraq (81)Jordan (390)Kuwait (740)Lebanon (249)Libya (16)Morocco (12)Oman (96)Pakistan (33)Qatar (1055)Saudi Arabia (2766)Sri Lanka (0)Tunisia (6)UAE (3582)Yemen (3)
Loading...
Menu - []
›
› Job Description
Sales Manager - Luxury Cars
- ,
Date Posted: 2014/05/05 12:07:55
Ref. JB3047460
Job Description
All candidates should be currently based in UAE with UAE Experience. Candidates must have well established contacts in the UAE and other parts of the world . Russia, USA Britain etc. selling luxury cars worth more than 1M Euros and more than USD 150,000
Will be in charge of a company involved with the sale of luxury cars and exotic vehicles.
Skills
•Resolve customer complaints regarding sales and service.
•Oversee regional and local sales managers and their staffs.
•Plan and direct staffing, training, and performance evaluations to develop and control sales and service programs.
•Determine price schedules and discount rates.
•Review operational records and reports to project sales and determine profitability.
•Monitor customer preferences to determine focus of sales efforts.
•Prepare budgets and approve budget expenditures.
•Confer or consult with department heads to plan advertising services and to secure information on equipment and customer specifications.
•Direct and coordinate activities involving sales of manufactured products, services, commodities, real estate or other subjects of sale.
•Confer with potential customers regarding equipment needs and advise customers on types of equipment to purchase.
Job Details
Job Location:
Dubai, United Arab Emirates
Company Industry:
Automotive
Company Type:
Employer (Private Sector)
Job Role:
Sales
Joining Date:
Unspecified
Employment Status:
Full time
Employment Type:
Employee
Monthly Salary Range:
$2,000 - $3,000
Manages Others:
Yes
Number of Vacancies:
1
Preferred Candidate
Career Level:
Management
Years of Experience:
Min: 1
Residence Location:
United Arab Emirates
Gender:
Male
Nationality:
Albania; Algeria; Austria; Bahrain; Belarus; Belgium; Bosnia and Herzegovina; Bulgaria; Comoros; Croatia (Hrvatska); Czech Republic; Denmark; Djibouti; Egypt; Estonia; Finland; France; Germany; Great Britain (UK); Greece; Hungary; Iceland; India; Iraq; Ireland; Italy; Jordan; Kosovo; Kuwait; Latvia; Lebanon; Libya; Lithuania; Luxembourg; Macedonia; Mauritania; Moldova; Montenegro; Morocco; Netherlands; Norway; Oman; Palestine; Poland; Portugal; Qatar; Romania; Russian Federation; Saudi Arabia; Serbia; Slovak Republic; Slovenia; Somalia; Spain; Sudan; Sweden; Switzerland; Syria; Tunisia; Ukraine; United Arab Emirates; Yemen
Degree:
Unspecified
About This Company
Nasir Bin Abdullah & Sons, (NAS), was established in 1961 by the late Sheikh Nasir Bin Abdullah Al-Thani, a seasoned entrepreneur and member of the royal family of Qatar.
The company business is comprised of nine different divisions; retail, automobiles, real estate, engineering, hospitality, food and beverage, travel, sports.
We provide some of the most established names in each sector and our clients include sole proprietorships, large organizations, government organizations and companies.
The company is headquartered in Qatar and has branches in Dubai, Bahrain, China, Spain and USA. NAS employs more than 1000 people of different nationalities and professional backgrounds across its businesses.
Date Posted: 2014/05/05 12:07:55
Ref. JB3047460
Recommended Courses
Invite Your
Friends to Bayt.com
Find Jobs
About Bayt.com
Bayt.com is the leading job site in the Gulf and Middle East, connecting job seekers with employers looking to hire.
Every day, thousands of new job vacancies are listed on the award-winning platform from the region's top employers.
Company
Quick Links
Follow
© 2000-2014 Bayt.com, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
-
Reproduction of material from any Bayt.com pages without written permission is strictly prohibited.