Service Leader - Well Control/HWO- Snubbing- Boots and Coots job in UAE | Job ID: 949925 | oil and gas Job Search
Service Leader - Well Control/HWO- Snubbing- Boots and Coots job in UAE
Rate
Type
Permanent
Location
UAE
Region
Town
Hassi Messaoud
Required Residency
Posted By
Date Posted
5 May 2014
Expiry Date
4 Jun 2014
Job Reference
NB00265585_EXT_000
Job Description
Why Halliburton? How about global opportunities, interesting work within small cohesive teams, extensive training, and the opportunity to take your career wherever you want it to GO, with all the support and stability of a truly global organization. With more than 72,000 employees in approximately 80 countries, Halliburton is one of the largest and most respected energy services companies in the industry. Since 1919, our customers have relied on our industry-leading technologies, scientific expertise and, most importantly, our knowledgeable and experienced professionals to help them meet the world's demand for energy. Whether you are a new graduate seeking your first job, or an experienced professional looking to make a career change, we have fantastic opportunities across our organization. Are you ready to GO? Under broad direction, supervises assigned staff for Hydrolic Workover (HWO) Product Service Line (PSL) within a Natural Work Area (NWA) (District).
Supervises employees engaged in delivery of the PSL's services and products. Supervises multi-shift HWO projects and technically demanding well intervention projects. Leads employee behavior and role based competency by mentoring and developing to achieve excellence in PSL Service Quality and HSE performance.
Assists the Field Service Quality Coordinator (FSQC) in Progressive Discipline for non-performing personnel.
Completes performance evaluations of assigned staff under the direction of the FSQC.
Champions Process Improvement Initiatives (PII) within assiged Natural Work Area (NWA. Champions Halliburton and Customer Health, Safety and Environmental (HSE).
Engages employees in PII and all other PSL initiatives in the field.
Assists in implementation of new technology.
Evaluates service quality within assigned NWA with the goal of improving performance. Provides technical expertise and solutions to the customer.
Performs follow-up activities regarding job performance.
Skills are acquired by completing the Career Development System (competency) requirements for this job role. Must possess exceptional skills within the service line and a general understanding of other service functions.
Given the nature of oil field service work, the ability to communicate effectively with others is necessary.
Promotes safety awareness and environmental consciousness. Ensures compliance with Health, Safety, and Environmental (HSE) standards, practices and guidelines. Must be possess execptional knowledgable of Halliburton Management System (HMS) standards, work methods and processes.10+years in SnubbingHalliburton is proud to be an equal opportunity employer.
Find Related oil and gas Jobs
Latest Halliburton Jobs
Related Job Searches
© 2014 Copyright Oil and Gas Job Search.com Limited :: Part of The Jobsearch Group
Follow us
--Web2--