GulfTalent.com
Senior Recruiting Analyst – Technology
NSI & Bluefin Talent
Abu Dhabi, UAE
Posted on: 5 May 2014
THE ROLE
Expand all
The Senior Recruiting Analyst is accountable for the delivery of candidates to meet the recruiting demand based on the Recruiting Plan.
The HR -
Senior Analyst administers the recruiting process for a small to medium-sized recruiting demand plan or shares in the administration of a medium to large recruiting demand plan.
Key responsibilities may include:
• Understanding recruiting demand and skills profiles within area of responsibility
• Screening applications and select candidates
• Conducting interviews
• Acting as single point of contact for designated candidates for all recruiting related questions and concerns
• Updating and utilizing recruiting databases and tools
• Conducting and distributing reports on a regular basis and special reports on request, identifying issues and recommend actions
• Participating in projects and/or initiatives within or outside the team
REQUIREMENTS
We are looking for Arabic Speaking candidates with 5-10 years experience in
end to end recruitment process.
Experience in mass recruitment for technology roles is highly preferential.
The technical recruiter need not only to have the ability to realistically source, screen, and present qualified candidates, but the confidence to communicate unrealistic technical requirements goals to hiring managers
ABOUT THE COMPANY
New Sourcing International (NSI) / Bluefin Talent have partnered so to offer a specialized recruitment solution in both the technology and financial services domain.
Working together as a specialist search and selection agency, we concentrate on 'blue chip' financial services & technology consulting organizations across London and the Middle East; focusing exclusively on Financial Services, IT and Risk. Being niche allows us to offer a premium search service, tailored to overcome the technically challenging nature of recruitment for the specialist functions that we work.
We are dedicated to representing 'best of breed' candidates in the region in our dedicated fields of employment. As such we are a leading outfit for placing ex-pats and internationally educated students in the region.
Our biggest unique selling point, is that we are steered by a dedicated team of ex-financial services and IT industry professionals. This allows us to offer a level of candidate pre-screening for roles, which is largely anomalous to the recruitment profession. Our ability to bridge the technical knowledge gap typical recruiters encounter, coupled with a thorough delivery process allows us to drive consistently superior results for our clients' sourcing requirements. Designed to provide a fast and efficient turnaround, we minimize the use of internal resources our clients spend vetting inadequate profiles, allowing them to quickly get back to focusing on their strategic goals.
Our strength lies not only in the specialist nature of our firm, but also in the commitment we show towards our clients and candidates. We endeavour to build long-term relationships and recognise the crucial nature of communication throughout the recruitment process. Excellence, integrity, respect and transparency are cornerstone to the culture we promote.
Send
|
|