Lead E&I Workpack Engineer job in UAE | Job ID: 949914 | oil and gas Job Search
Lead E&I Workpack Engineer job in UAE
Rate
Type
Permanent
Location
UAE
Region
AZ
Town
Abu Dhabi
Required Residency
Posted By
Date Posted
5 May 2014
Expiry Date
Sorry this job has expired.
Job Reference
IRC114557
Job Description
Brief Posting Description
We are currently recruiting for a Lead E&I Workpack Engineer on an ongoing contract basis located at our office in Abu Dhabi. The successful candidate will be responsible for overseeing the timely preparation of all E & I (Electrical, Instrumentation, Systems, Telecoms) Construction Workpacks for the project. Detailed Description
?
Lead the team responsible for preparation of all E & I (Electrical, Instrumentation, Systems, Telecoms) Construction Workpacks on the project.?
Ensure all workpacks are completed within the agreed timeframe and in line with the project schedule.?
Prepare and review job cards for inclusion in work packs.?
Provide construction and constructability input into all new designs as requested by the Project Management team?
Develop installation methodologies and sequencing for all new equipment.?
Identify any special construction equipment or tooling. Identify when rigging and lifting plans are required.?
Be actively involved in all construction and planning and preparation.?
Ensure all PSNe deliverables and materials are in place to meet construction schedules.Job Requirements
?
Highly motivated and self reliant?
Confident and assertive?
Open thinker and innovator?
Good communicator with a willingness to share knowledge and support othersAdditional Details
Why is WGPSN where you want to be?? We are the largest brownfield oil and gas service company in the world so there are always opportunities for the best people to fast track their careers through understanding and living the company?s core values We have operations globally so your career has the ability to bring you to some of the most interesting places in the world Our
training and competence teams will provide you with the tools and ability to progress your careerHow To Apply
Please quote job reference IRC in all correspondence relating to this position.Internal applicants must discuss their application with their line manager prior to applying.Online applications only - no email applications*li-wrap
Find Related oil and gas Jobs
Latest Wood Group PSN Jobs
Related Job Searches
© 2014 Copyright Oil and Gas Job Search.com Limited :: Part of The Jobsearch Group
Follow us
--Web2--