SAP Graduate Training Program,
Abu Dhabi - JB1001843253 | Abu Dhabi, UAE - Jobs Abu Dhabi
OK
Cancel
Loading...
Loading...
Welcome, Guest
|
|
|
|
|
-
Menu - []
Your Opinion Matters
Statistics
Total vacancies 1646
Weekly statistics
Vacancies Posted this Week 86
Today’s Statistics
Vacancies posted today 20
Poll Corner
If you are offered a lower position, but higher in salary than your current job,will you accept it?
Yes
No
Submit your Vote
›
› Job Description
67 People have applied
Date Posted: 2014/05/05 03:53:20Ref. JB1001843253
SAP Graduate Training Program, Abu DhabiSAP MENA
SAP is the world’s leading provider of business software and one of the key technology players in the world. For over 40 years,
we have helped businesses run better through world-class business software applications that help invent,
commercialize and mainstream the products and services of the global economy. More than 200,000 of the world’s best-run businesses are SAP customers!!
SAP Middle East & North Africa (MENA) is recognized as one of the fastest growing global markets for SAP. Due to this exponential growth,
industry forecasts show that we need to grow the number of certified SAP consultants substantially over the next 3 years and Business Intelligence expertise is one of our most in demand specialisms. This makes it the perfect time to take this training program and start your exciting career as a Certified SAP Business Intelligence Consultant.
What the Program offers you:
- 3 month SAP training program at no cost to you;
- Hands-on simulated project exercises throughout the Program;
- Additional training on design thinking,
presentation skills,
communication skills and other soft skills;
- Monthly cash allowance to cover living expenses throughout the Program;
- Access to internal SAP communities and networks throughout the Program;
- Official Associate Level SAP Business Intelligence Certification - internationally recognized SAP qualification;
- Possibility of an internship in the SAP ecosystem after training,
based on performance;
- Possibility of a permanent position in the SAP ecosystem after training / internship,
based on performance;
Skills
What we require from a candidate:
- Candidates must be Emirati and have a home in or around Abu Dhabi as travel / accommodation is not provided;
- All candidates must also be currently unemployed;
- Candidates must be a bachelor of Physics,
Maths,
Computer Science,
Economics,
Statistics or any other subject related to Business Intelligence;
- Candidates will preferably have graduated within the last 3 years with a GPA not less than 3.00;
- All candidates must have a keen interest in starting an SAP-related career involving travel;
- The course will be delivered in English so a good grasp of both written and spoken English is essential;
- Candidates must possess good problem solving capabilities,
presentation skills and a general understanding of Microsoft Office;
- Availability from 9am - 6pm from Sunday to Thursday throughout the training period is required - the course will run for 3 months in Abu Dhabi.
What is the selection process?
If you meet the set criteria outlined above,
you will be sent an e-mail to complete two online assessments - the first will test your analytical,
quantitative,
verbal,
language and MS Office abilities. The second will assess your personality. If you perform well on the tests,
you will then be invited back for a 30 minute interview.
Education
Physics,
Maths,
Computer Science,
Economics,
Statistics,
Technology-related majors
Company Profile
SAP is the world’s leading provider of business software and one of the key technology players in the world. For over 40 years,
we have helped businesses run better through world-class business software applications that help invent,
commercialize and mainstream the products and services of the global economy. More than 200,000 of the world’s best-run businesses are SAP customers
Job Details
Job Location:
Abu Dhabi, UAE
Company Industry:
Computer/Software; Consulting Services; Other
Company Type:
Recruitment Agency
Job Role:
Education/Training
Joining Date:
2014-05-25
Employment Status:
Full time
Employment Type:
Temporary Employee
Manages Others:
No
Number of Vacancies:
25
Preferred Candidate
Career Level:
Entry Level
Years of Experience:
Min: 0 Max: 3
Residence Location:
United Arab Emirates
Nationality:
United Arab Emirates
Degree:
Bachelor's degree / higher diploma