SALES EXECUTIVE - PLASTIC PIPES - ARAB NATIONALS - EDT2014024 - JB1001843328 | Abu Dhabi, UAE - Jobs Abu Dhabi
OK
Cancel
Loading...
Loading...
Welcome, Guest
|
|
|
|
|
-
Menu - []
Your Opinion Matters
Statistics
Total vacancies 1646
Weekly statistics
Vacancies Posted this Week 86
Today’s Statistics
Vacancies posted today 20
Poll Corner
If you are offered a lower position, but higher in salary than your current job,will you accept it?
Yes
No
Submit your Vote
›
› Job Description
67 People have applied
Date Posted: 2014/05/04 05:55:33Ref. JB1001843328
SALES EXECUTIVE - PLASTIC PIPES - ARAB NATIONALS - EDT2014024YOU Global
LEADING INDUSTRIAL PRODUCTS PRODUCER
CHALLENGING CAREER OPPORTUNITY
URGENTLY NEEDED
UNITED ARAB EMIRATES (UAE) > Abu Dhabi
YOU Global - Ref EDT2014024
Our Client is a reputable producer of polyethylene / PVC pipes known for its international standards and strong commitment to customer satisfaction.
To strengthen its position in the region,
our Client urgently needs an Arab national for a Sales Executive to be based in Abu Dhabi. This is an outstanding career opportunity for the right candidate.
JOB PURPOSE
To generate the maximum amount of profitable sales through the achievement of sales targets and maximise customer satisfaction.
KEY RESPONSIBILITIES
Generate sales to achieve maximum profitability against annual sales targets.
Identify and exploit new sales opportunities with existing and potential customers.
Monitor customer accounts within the allocated sales area to ensure that sales potential is fully exploited.
Establish and maintain effective communication links with other departments and customers to identify all sales opportunities.
Maintain accurate records of all sales activity and prepare regular forecasts to enable effective forward planning.
Monitor feedback from customers to measure satisfaction levels with company products and services.
Maintain an awareness of sales and other developments amongst competitors and pass any relevant information to immediate superior.
Maintain all required records of sales and other relevant information to enable performance be measured and monitored.
Maintain a solid relationship with key customers,
suppliers (raw and finished goods) and other relevant bodies to ensure that the company’s maximum sales potential is realised.
Ensure the satisfaction of customers by monitoring service level agreements(SLA’s),
customer complaints,
inquiries and any other related customer issues.
Bring consultative approach to sales by using knowledge of product trends and opportunities to develop manufacturing strategies tailored to customer needs.
ESSENTIAL REQUIREMENTS
Arab national.
Male,
aged 25 to 38 years.
Engineering degree graduate.
2+ year relevant sales experience in plastic pipe industry.
Knowledge and experience of marketing and sales techniques.
Ability to influence peers,
clients and suppliers.
Strong analytical skills and keen attention to details.
Good communication skills - presentation,
reporting,
etc.
Excellent sales and interpersonal skills.
Result / task-oriented person.
Good planning and organising skills.
Computer literate.
UAE driver's license,
or driver's license which is immediately transferrable to UAE driver's license.
Already resident in United Arab Emirates.
DESIRABLE
Mechanical engineering graduate.
REMUNERATION
Salary offer of AED 8,000 to 15,000 per month commensurate with qualifications and experience.
Quarterly incentive scheme.
22 working days annual paid leave.
Annual return airfare ticket.
Medical insurance.
FOR IMMEDIATE HIRING !!!
Skills
Arab national.
Male,
aged 25 to 38 years.
Engineering degree graduate.
2+ year relevant sales experience in plastic pipe industry.
Knowledge and experience of marketing and sales techniques.
Ability to influence peers,
clients and suppliers.
Strong analytical skills and keen attention to details.
Good communication skills - presentation,
reporting,
etc.
Excellent sales and interpersonal skills.
Result / task-oriented person.
Good planning and organising skills.
Computer literate.
UAE driver's license,
or driver's license which is immediately transferrable to UAE driver's license.
Already resident in United Arab Emirates.
Company Profile
Global recruitment company,
all sectors.
Job Details
Job Location:
Abu Dhabi, UAE
Company Industry:
Sales; Manufacturing; Manufacturing and Production
Company Type:
Employer (Private Sector)
Job Role:
Sales
Employment Status:
Full time
Employment Type:
Employee
Monthly Salary Range:
US$3,000 - $4,000 (≈ AED 11,019 - 14,692)
Manages Others:
No
Number of Vacancies:
1
Preferred Candidate
Career Level:
Mid Career
Years of Experience:
Min: 2
Residence Location:
United Arab Emirates; Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates; Ajman, United Arab Emirates; Al Ain, United Arab Emirates; Dubai, United Arab Emirates; Fujairah, United Arab Emirates; Ras Al Khaimah, United Arab Emirates; Sharjah, United Arab Emirates; Umm Al Qaiwain, United Arab Emirates
Gender:
Male
Nationality:
United Arab Emirates; Bahrain; Djibouti; Algeria; Egypt; Iraq; Jordan; Comoros; Kuwait; Lebanon; Libya; Morocco; Mauritania; Oman; Palestine; Qatar; Saudi Arabia; Sudan; Somalia; Syria; Tunisia; Yemen
Degree:
Bachelor's degree / higher diploma