GulfTalent.com
School Vice Principal
Al-Worood Academy Private School
Abu Dhabi, UAE
Posted on: 5 May 2014
THE ROLE
Expand all
Large, private, prestigious school in Abu Dhabi opened in 1982, accredited by MSA & AdvancED having more than 2,300 students and offering both American & British programs is seeking qualified and experience Vice Principal (Male/ Female).
Vice Principal must have excellent leadership and organizational skills for a safe learning environment that meets the approved curricula and mission required by ADEC.
The vice principal must have good decision making abilities and be the link between the top management, teachers, supervisory staff and the community that it serves.
REQUIREMENTS
Applicant must have master degree with minimum 5 years experience of leading an international school in GCC. Knowledge of rules and regulation of Ministry of Education (MOE) and Abu Dhabi Education Council (ADEC) will be added advantage.
The vice principal must have excellent written and oral English skills preferably be a native English speaker. Previous experience preferably in the UAE will be added value.
ABOUT THE COMPANY
Al-Worood Academy Private School was established in 1982 in order to provide an educational service of an International Standard to the local and expatriate communities. In line with this, we have always striven for the all-round and optimum development of our student’s intellectual, social, emotional, physical and aesthetic abilities.
We aim at drawing the most out of each student’s self: the natural and progressive development of student’s abilities. This fundamental objective of realizing our student’s utmost potential both intellectually and socially is central to the school’s philosophy.
Al-Worood places the advancement and well being of our students at the center of its mission.
We believe that by combining a disciplined and systematic approach to education with a strong program for personal growth, the student will be able to fully achieve his or her innate potential. We believe all students should have an equal opportunity to succeed and that students of disparate abilities should be given the same chance and attention where possible.
Send
|
|