Marketing and Communications Specialist - JB1001843327 | Abu Dhabi, UAE - Jobs Abu Dhabi
OK
Cancel
Loading...
Loading...
Welcome, Guest
|
|
|
|
|
-
Menu - []
Your Opinion Matters
Statistics
Total vacancies 1646
Weekly statistics
Vacancies Posted this Week 86
Today’s Statistics
Vacancies posted today 20
Poll Corner
If you are offered a lower position, but higher in salary than your current job,will you accept it?
Yes
No
Submit your Vote
›
› Job Description
80 People have applied
Date Posted: 2014/05/04 05:34:54Ref. JB1001843327
Marketing and Communications SpecialistAl Nahiya Group
	5-6 Years Experienced
	Reporting
	Campaign execution across all marketing platform,
in line and under the 2014 strategy for that business unit
	Work with and manage a team of 3rd party suppliers
	Copy writing
	Strong social media content creation and execution
	CRM activation
	SEM
	Media Buying and planning
	Working closely with MICE product manager and Corporate sales team to deliver against their business and revenue objectives
	Retail and e-Commerce activations
	Product creation and development
	PR and Communications including reviewing and drafting PRL’s and working with agency to deliver press conferences and PR events
	On ground activation across all products
	Collateral development
	Reporting to the Marketing and Communications Manager
Skills
Qualifications:
	Bachelor degree in related field
	MBA will be of an added value.
	5-6 Years Experienced
Company Profile
Founded in 1981 in Abu Dhabi,
U.A.E. as a single purpose National Establishment
AL NAHIYA Group is Licensed to Employ and Recruit National and Non National Manpower for On shore and Off shore Oil and Gas Fields and Installation Services.
Rightly proud of our reputation as a dedicated supplier of the highest caliber personnel to Abu Dhabi's Oil,
Gas and Industrial Sectors,
we are fully committed to supporting our Partners in their development and expansion within the Region and elsewhere.
Recognizing the correlation between Manpower Supply and the continuous need to keep abreast of the latest technological advancements and methodologies in the Oil & Gas industry,
AL NAHIYA Management Consultancy Group has been formed to provide Technical and Management Training services that we offer to our Partners as in-house or external courses. By utilizing our network of premier name international Petroleum Industry course providers,
we can provide Trainers for any course content as well as offer our own extensive list of Petroleum Industry seminars and short courses linked to an Internationally recognized Accreditation.
Job Details
Job Location:
Abu Dhabi, UAE
Company Industry:
Sports and Recreation
Company Type:
Recruitment Agency
Job Role:
Marketing
Employment Status:
Full time
Employment Type:
Contractor
Monthly Salary Range:
US$4,000 - $5,000 (≈ AED 14,692 - 18,365)
Number of Vacancies:
1
Preferred Candidate
Career Level:
Mid Career
Years of Experience:
Min: 5
Residence Location:
United Arab Emirates
Degree:
Bachelor's degree / higher diploma