Materials Engineer (Gas Plant) job in UAE | Job ID: 949894 | oil and gas Job Search
Materials Engineer (Gas Plant) job in UAE
Rate
Highly Negotiable
Type
Permanent
Location
UAE
Region
Dubai
Town
Required Residency
Any
Posted By
Date Posted
5 May 2014
Expiry Date
12 May 2014
Job Reference
RMS0141573
Job Description
The Company:Our Client is a large international Operating Company leading the development of a major oilfield in southern Iraq.The Role:We are urgently seeking to recruit a high calibre Materials Engineer with a high degree of experience working with Gas Plants.
Ideal candidate will have experience working for an Operator and will be seeking to join a large international organisation with a large presence in the Middle East.
Primary Objective:
To carry out corrosion risk and material selection studies for multiple projects.
Specific Accountabilities
• Selection, review of materials for Refinery / Oil and Gas facilities.
• Assessment of Service life Corrosion (SLC), Life Cycle Cost analysis (LCC) for Refinery / Oil and Gas projects.
• Design and review of Cathodic Protection (CP) systems and Corrosion Monitoring (CM) facilities for Refinery / Oil and Gas projects.
• Corrosion Management/Integrity assessment of Refinery / Oil and Gas projects.
• Selection and performance evaluation of corrosion inhibitors for oil and gas applications.
• Quality Assurance
Responsible for working within the provisions and guidelines of the Quality Assurance system relevant to the BU, etc
• Safety
Responsible for personal safety safe working practices for the BU, etc. Understand and follow OH&S; procedures
.The successful applicant will be based in Dubai.Essential Skills / Qualifications:• Minimum 10 years of relevant experience in materials selection, corrosion management & integrity assessments in major oil and gas projects.
• Good knowledge and experience with the international codes and standards.
• Good interpersonal and communication skills
• Degree in Engineering or equivalent.For further information or to discuss any opportunities, please contact Fircroft Dubai.
Find Related oil and gas Jobs
Latest Fircroft Jobs
Related Job Searches
© 2014 Copyright Oil and Gas Job Search.com Limited :: Part of The Jobsearch Group
Follow us
--Web2--