Fragrance Evaluator Job in Dubai - Givaudan Suisse SA (Dubai Branch) - Bayt.com
OK
Cancel
Loading...
Loading...
Jobs
Jobs
Salaries
People Companies Specialties
- All -
- All -Algeria (12)Bahrain (115)Dubai (1555)Egypt (501)Iraq (81)Jordan (391)Kuwait (742)Lebanon (250)Libya (16)Morocco (12)Oman (96)Pakistan (34)Qatar (1059)Saudi Arabia (2772)Sri Lanka (62)Tunisia (6)UAE (3585)Yemen (3)
Loading...
Menu - []
Closed or Expired Job Posting This job posting is closed or has expired and is no longer open for applications.
›
› Job Description
Fragrance Evaluator
- ,
Ref. JB3045054
Job Description
Core Responsibilities
Responsible for handling project briefs coming from sales in the region by providing the best suitable fragrances to answer each client’s individual project requirements in terms of olfactive taste, price restrictions, and suitability to the market.
Interacting with sales colleagues throughout the project process in order to ensure that customer requirements are met by the fragrances selected for each project.
Once trained on the Givaudan evaluation tools and methodology / protocols, to be able to use these evaluation tools efficiently to answer customer briefs properly.
Effectively leads all required functional steps in the brief handling process.
Managing the internal fragrance collection to ensure it is suited for the needs of the region.
Should be able to demonstrate solid knowledge of fragrance product, general market dynamics and trends to be able to provide winning fragrances for client briefs.
Evaluating on a regular basis market products from key countries in the region to be well aware of consumer preferences and new market trends in all consumer product end-uses.
Collaborating with relevant marketing colleagues for trends information and for preparing internal and client presentations by giving relevant olfactive input.
Participating regularly in Market Consumer research to build a good understanding of consumer habits and attitudes and their future needs for fragrance directions in different consumer products.
Ability to brief perfumers on projects and guide them to develop winning fragrance themes for projects for client in the region.
Ability to work well with other evaluation teams and to share feedback and knowledge from different regions.
Ability to interact with clients as needed showing good collective knowledge for clients’ products and needs and to be able to develop customer intimacy & mutual respect.
Skills
Primary Qualifications
University Degree or equivalent – with a Science / Chemical background
At least 2 – 3 years experience in a sensory industry (ideally with some knowledge of fragrances).
Good Verbal and written command of English
Professional Competencies and Skills
Proficiency in using common PC applications & having ability to learn new IT systems quickly.
Ability to communicate clearly and concisely
Ability to work well and
interact with teams from other departments
Organized, pays attention to details, good time management skills.
A self starter, with ability to handle project management & a drive to win and achieve results.
Creative, innovative person – with ability to think “out of the box”
Flexible person, can adapt to changes quickly
Willing to travel throughout Sub Saharan Africa
Job Details
Job Location:
Dubai, United Arab Emirates
Company Industry:
Retail/Wholesale
Company Type:
Employer (Private Sector)
Job Role:
Other
Joining Date:
Unspecified
Employment Status:
Unspecified
Employment Type:
Unspecified
Monthly Salary Range:
Unspecified
Manages Others:
Unspecified
Number of Vacancies:
1
Preferred Candidate
Career Level:
Mid Career
Years of Experience:
Min: 2 Max: 3
Residence Location:
Unspecified
Gender:
Unspecified
Nationality:
Unspecified
Degree:
Unspecified
Ref. JB3045054
Recommended Courses
Invite Your
Friends to Bayt.com
Find Jobs
About Bayt.com
Bayt.com is the leading job site in the Gulf and Middle East, connecting job seekers with employers looking to hire.
Every day, thousands of new job vacancies are listed on the award-winning platform from the region's top employers.
Company
Quick Links
Follow
© 2000-2014 Bayt.com, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
-
Reproduction of material from any Bayt.com pages without written permission is strictly prohibited.