Driver (with manual dirivng license) Job in Dubai - Move One Inc - Bayt.com
OK
Cancel
Loading...
Loading...
Jobs
Jobs
Salaries
People Companies Specialties
- All -
- All -Algeria (12)Bahrain (115)Dubai (1555)Egypt (501)Iraq (81)Jordan (391)Kuwait (742)Lebanon (250)Libya (16)Morocco (12)Oman (96)Pakistan (34)Qatar (1059)Saudi Arabia (2772)Sri Lanka (62)Tunisia (6)UAE (3585)Yemen (3)
Loading...
Menu - []
›
› Job Description
Driver (with manual dirivng license)
- ,
Date Posted: 2014/05/05 09:59:00
Ref. JB2991100
Job Description
POSITION PURPOSE:
Provide full support to all departments for driving , administrative and operational functions.
RESPONSIBILITIES/DUTIES/FUNCTIONS TASKS:
Performing a full range of driving duties for Move One departments including but not limited to personnel drops offs and pick ups and item collections and deliveries etc
MARKETING
Seal containers or materials, using glues, fasteners, nails, and hand tools.
Mark and label containers, container tags, or products, using marking tools.
Measure, weigh, and count products and materials.
Examine and inspect containers, materials, and products in order to ensure that packing specifications are met.
Load materials and products into package processing equipment.
Record product, packaging, and order information on specified forms and records.
Remove completed or defective products or materials, placing them on moving equipment such as conveyors or in specified areas such as loading docks.
Assemble, line, and pad cartons, crates, and containers, using hand tools.
Clean containers, materials, supplies, or work areas, using cleaning solutions and hand tools.
Transport packages to customers’ vehicles.
Place or pour products or materials into containers, using hand tools and equipment, or fill containers from spouts or chutes.
Support the Marketing Team at events (setting up, helping with activities and disassembly)
Organization of the marketing material at the DIC warehouse and Emaar storage room.
Inventory completion
Equipment should be kept clean and in good working order
Designated area at DIC should be kept clean and tidy
Maintain corporate image (Move One Marketing uniform to be worn at all times and kept presentable along with a professional appearance) .
PETS
Process cargo gate, export and transit paperwork
Arrange for the Ministry approval of the Veterinary documents
Ensure customs documents are in order
Ensure cages are secure and water bowls are in place
Make sure the animal is comfortable
Interact with clients to answer questions and reassure them with regard to their safety
Lift or move or restrain animlas where necessary
Always work to safety protocols to institute a calm safe environment
Provide pick up and delivery of pets between residence and airports in the UAE
Deliver pets to boarding kennels
Coordinate all airline exports and imports and execute Calogi on all exports through Dnata.
Adhere to Cargo Village Regulations and ensure security of the animals/pets at all times
Offer customs clearance to clients asnd meet them personally to explain the process.
Communicate with the client when the pet has safely passed customs and is wiating in the AVI room, or has safely passed customs and will be delivered in an approxiate time.
Receive cash or cheques and receipt them in the office.
Process petty cash requests and receipts
Advise Pet Coordinators about jobs attached to receipts for E dirham cards and the amount left on the account in order for accounts to update.
RELOCATIONS
Providing driving services during Orientation tours, home searches and school searches;
Responsible for purchasing of refreshments (water and softdrinks) for orientation tours, home searches and school searches;
Assisting with lease negotiations process, document pick ups and deliveries, if needed;
Assisting with utility connections and disconnections, clearance of final bills;
Assisting with document translations/attestations;
Submitting & collecting applications for liquor license;
Producing concise and accurate records and reports;
Responsible for care and maintenance of vehicle, washing and cleaning of interior and exterior;
Skills
At least secondary education level is preferred
Valid UAE driver’s license is essential
At least 5 years of professional driving experience
Clean local driving record
Good English skills are essential
Ability to recognize vehicle maintenance needs; and ability to
perform minor repair of the vehicle(s)
Good knowledge of Dubai roads
IT literacy
Job Details
Job Location:
Dubai, United Arab Emirates
Company Industry:
Distributions and Logistics
Company Type:
Employer (Private Sector)
Job Role:
Other
Joining Date:
Unspecified
Employment Status:
Unspecified
Employment Type:
Unspecified
Monthly Salary Range:
Unspecified
Manages Others:
Unspecified
Number of Vacancies:
1
Preferred Candidate
Career Level:
Entry Level
Years of Experience:
Unspecified
Residence Location:
United Arab Emirates
Gender:
Unspecified
Nationality:
Unspecified
Degree:
Unspecified
About This Company
Move One Inc.
Move One provides time-critical supply chain solutions in the areas of logistics, relocation and moving. Our strategically positioned international offices and partners deliver a door-to-door service unparalleled in the industry. Global experience and on the ground local expertise combined with technological innovation allows us to develop tailored products to meet the needs of our clients. Founded in 1992, Move One has grown aggressively through its pursuit of new markets and results-driven company culture. Headquartered in Dubai UAE, Move One is geographically positioned for further expansion in the logistics world.
Move One's global office network:
Central Eastern Europe - Balkans - Russia and CIS - Central Asia - Middle East - Africa - Asia Pacific
Specialties:
Removal Services, Relocation Services, Immigration Services, Global Logistics, Pet Transportation, Fine Art Shipping, Customs Brokerage, Animal Transportation
Date Posted: 2014/05/05 09:59:00
Ref. JB2991100
Recommended Courses
Invite Your
Friends to Bayt.com
Find Jobs
About Bayt.com
Bayt.com is the leading job site in the Gulf and Middle East, connecting job seekers with employers looking to hire.
Every day, thousands of new job vacancies are listed on the award-winning platform from the region's top employers.
Company
Quick Links
Follow
© 2000-2014 Bayt.com, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
-
Reproduction of material from any Bayt.com pages without written permission is strictly prohibited.