Office Manager Job in Dubai - Move One Inc - Bayt.com
OK
Cancel
Loading...
Loading...
Jobs
Jobs
Salaries
People Companies Specialties
- All -
- All -Algeria (12)Bahrain (115)Dubai (1555)Egypt (501)Iraq (81)Jordan (391)Kuwait (742)Lebanon (250)Libya (16)Morocco (12)Oman (96)Pakistan (34)Qatar (1059)Saudi Arabia (2772)Sri Lanka (62)Tunisia (6)UAE (3585)Yemen (3)
Loading...
Menu - []
›
› Job Description
Office Manager
- ,
Date Posted: 2014/05/05 09:50:58
Ref. JB2997376
Job Description
POSITION PURPOSE:
To oversee the functioning of the office by ensuring smooth operations
To support staff and management for all office related matters
To manage and train Reception Staff
To oversee Transportation Department and Travel Specialist.
RESPONSIBILITIES/DUTIES/FUNCTIONS TASKS:
Ensure all visitors to the office are looked after according to the safety and security rules of Move One and ensure visitor demands are well met.
Project manage internal training, workshops and seminars (including, but not limited to, Regional Management Conferences) and ensure clear and effective communication and smooth organization.
Manage and oversee the Travel Department, provide guidance to the Travel Specialist and give recommendations to ensure adherence to Move One policy and a first class service is provided to employees.
Manage and oversee the Transportation Department, provide guidance to the Transportation Supervisor and give recommendations to ensure a first class service to all departments.
Manage, train and oversee the Receptionists at the company.
Oversee the distribution of company owned assets (mobile phones, SIM Cards, tablets, laptops, car parking spaces etc.), ensure item allocated according to Move One policy and records (ie Proof of Acceptance forms) are kept up-to-date.
Source vendors required for maintaining the office (office supply companies, office cleaning, coffee machine etc.) and ensure items are competitively priced.
Manage the relationships with key office suppliers to ensure good and efficient service and maintenance.
Oversee the cost effective ordering and management of office supplies.
Record office expenditure and manage the budget.
Act as main liaison between the facilities management of the office building and the company.
Organize the office layout and ensure office is kept clean and tidy.
Maintain the condition of the office and arrange necessary repairs.
Work with Human Resources to help coordinate the induction of UAE based new hires including the handover of assets (acting as Liaison with IT), entry passes, insurance cards, policies and agreements etc.
Track UAE leave and the employee's biometric's report
Arrange regular testing of electrical equipment and safety devices (with Health and Safety)
Ensure that health and safety policies are observed by overseeing the Health and Safety Daily Check List task conducted by the receptionists.
Report key office matters to management (also via a weekly report).
Update and maintain new hire (office) blog.
Share best practice ideas and help Human Resources to improve/update policies related to areas of responsibility.
Look after the general requirements of each department.
WORK REQUIREMENTS:
Work effectively as a team contributor on all assignments
Interact professionally with other employees, customers and suppliers
Work independently while understanding the necessity for communicating and
coordinating work efforts with other employees and organizations.
Perform quality work within deadlines with or without direct supervision.
Able to maintain regular, predictable attendance
Skills
University degree or college diploma preferred
Minimum of three years experience in Office Management is essential
Proven track record in organizing and managing corporate meetings and events
Strong English skills (written and verbal)
Proficient computer skills.
Excellent time management and multi-tasking skills
Positive attitude to work
Demonstrated ability to work in a pro actively diverse and inclusive organization.
Job Details
Job Location:
Dubai, United Arab Emirates
Company Industry:
Distributions and Logistics
Company Type:
Employer (Private Sector)
Job Role:
Administration
Joining Date:
Unspecified
Employment Status:
Full time
Employment Type:
Employee
Monthly Salary Range:
Unspecified
Manages Others:
Unspecified
Number of Vacancies:
1
Preferred Candidate
Career Level:
Mid Career
Years of Experience:
Unspecified
Residence Location:
United Arab Emirates
Gender:
Unspecified
Nationality:
Unspecified
Degree:
Bachelor's degree / higher diploma
About This Company
Move One Inc.
Move One provides time-critical supply chain solutions in the areas of logistics, relocation and moving. Our strategically positioned international offices and partners deliver a door-to-door service unparalleled in the industry. Global experience and on the ground local expertise combined with technological innovation allows us to develop tailored products to meet the needs of our clients. Founded in 1992, Move One has grown aggressively through its pursuit of new markets and results-driven company culture. Headquartered in Dubai UAE, Move One is geographically positioned for further expansion in the logistics world.
Move One's global office network:
Central Eastern Europe - Balkans - Russia and CIS - Central Asia - Middle East - Africa - Asia Pacific
Specialties:
Removal Services, Relocation Services, Immigration Services, Global Logistics, Pet Transportation, Fine Art Shipping, Customs Brokerage, Animal Transportation
Date Posted: 2014/05/05 09:50:58
Ref. JB2997376
Similar Jobs
Confidential Company - ,
Recommended Courses
Invite Your
Friends to Bayt.com
Find Jobs
About Bayt.com
Bayt.com is the leading job site in the Gulf and Middle East, connecting job seekers with employers looking to hire.
Every day, thousands of new job vacancies are listed on the award-winning platform from the region's top employers.
Company
Quick Links
Follow
© 2000-2014 Bayt.com, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
-
Reproduction of material from any Bayt.com pages without written permission is strictly prohibited.