Purchasing agent Job in Abu Dhabi - Abu Dhabi University - Bayt.com
OK
Cancel
Loading...
Loading...
Jobs
Jobs
Salaries
People Companies Specialties
- All -
- All -Algeria (12)Bahrain (115)Dubai (1555)Egypt (501)Iraq (81)Jordan (391)Kuwait (742)Lebanon (250)Libya (16)Morocco (12)Oman (96)Pakistan (34)Qatar (1059)Saudi Arabia (2772)Sri Lanka (62)Tunisia (6)UAE (3585)Yemen (3)
Loading...
Menu - []
›
› Job Description
Purchasing agent
- ,
Date Posted: 2014/05/05 09:41:28
Ref. JB3045871
Job Description
Objective of the job:
Reporting to the senior purchasing officer, the objectives of the job is to ensure end-user requirements are met in terms of timelines, cost, quality, specifications in accordance with University policies and procedures.
Job Description:
• Coordinate with the Dean/Faculty regarding technical information of their requirement and assist in performing market research to identify alternate sources of goods and services
• Discuss vendor quotations with respective colleges / departments for procurement of goods & services
• Seek clarifications regarding the approved purchase request form (PRF) in accordance to the commercial terms and conditions, in compliance with the University’s policies & procedures
• Receive end-user request for procurement of goods / services and undertake checks to ensure completeness of information and proper authorization
• Work closely with business support
(BSF) store to check/verify the availability of the goods and services being requested, and also coordinate in verifying the deliveries & acceptance of materials
• Coordinate with HR department regarding the booking and / or purchase of airline tickets and / or hotel accommodations
• Coordinate with ADU Bookstore and Library in procuring academic and reference books
• Processing of order (approved LPO), upon receiving the approved PRF in accordance to the commercial terms and condition in compliance to University’s policies & procedures
• Obtain information from vendors to maintain and update supplier files
• Interaction with vendors / contractors for the entire procurement life-cycle and Verify if the request conforms to University policies & procedures
• Receiving of request from various colleges & departments and check availability of corresponding products / services (already contracted) in the University, prior to decision on initiating the procurement cycle
• Check the completeness of the request; item description, technical specification, quantity required, and delivery schedule and refer to the approved supplier list for the supply required and obtain quotations/proposals
• Upon receiving the approved PRF, check the supplier quotation/proposal for the validity and availability of the item / services to be procured
• Prepare & send RFQ & RFP’s (Request for Quotation and Request For Proposal), clarifies queries and receive offers / proposal from suppliers and consult with end-user
• Based on the bid tabulation report, select the preferred supplier and negotiate the best price and payment terms in accordance with the policies. Monitor and give feedback the performance of the supplier/sub-contractor
• Bid tabulation report based on the quotations / proposals that are received in relation RFP issued – Senior Purchasing Agent
Skills
Candidate must have a Bachelor degree with minimum 3-5 years’ experience in purchasing. Hands on experience in drafting LPO, preparing agreement and working in an ERP environment are a must. You must efficient in MS office programs and should have good knowledge and understating of local market.
Job Details
Job Location:
Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates
Company Industry:
Education, Training, and Library
Company Type:
Employer (Private Sector)
Job Role:
Purchasing/Procurement
Joining Date:
Unspecified
Employment Status:
Full time
Employment Type:
Employee
Monthly Salary Range:
Unspecified
Manages Others:
Unspecified
Number of Vacancies:
1
Preferred Candidate
Career Level:
Mid Career
Years of Experience:
Min: 3 Max: 5
Residence Location:
Unspecified
Gender:
Unspecified
Nationality:
Unspecified
Degree:
Bachelor's degree / higher diploma
About This Company
Abu Dhabi University (ADU) is well established and reputed university located in the United Arab Emirates with a new campus in Abu Dhabi (UAE Capital City) and another in Al Ain (Home City of UAE president). ADU is recognized as one of the premier higher education institutions locally, regionally and internationally.
ADU is committed to delivering superior quality programs. Upholding the enduring values of quality education, ADU has chosen to dedicate the resources necessary for securing local and international accreditation.
The University offers diverse programs both at the undergraduate and postgraduate levels; all committed to close integration with leading-edge research and teaching.
ADU’s Academic Programs are within the following Colleges:
Business Administration
Computer Sciences and Information Technology
Arts and Sciences
English Language Institute
The ADU approach is one of risks successfully taken; innovations embraced; and challenges overcome in the commitment to discovery, diversity and dialogue. ADU is a strong advocate of flexibility, accessibility and concern for the individual. The University values inter-disciplinary approaches to learning, and is dedicated to offering the best possible research and training for the real world.
Much more than a distant provider of education, ADU works closely with students to develop personalized learning plans and provide them access to the courses they need, how and when they need them. ADU’s graduates are equipped with the state-of-the-art education that allows them to succeed both in the public and private sectors; eventually serving the community and contributing to the growth & development of society.
Date Posted: 2014/05/05 09:41:28
Ref. JB3045871
Similar Jobs
Recommended Courses
Invite Your
Friends to Bayt.com
Find Jobs
About Bayt.com
Bayt.com is the leading job site in the Gulf and Middle East, connecting job seekers with employers looking to hire.
Every day, thousands of new job vacancies are listed on the award-winning platform from the region's top employers.
Company
Quick Links
Follow
© 2000-2014 Bayt.com, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
-
Reproduction of material from any Bayt.com pages without written permission is strictly prohibited.