Commercial Real Estate Agent Required on Commission Basis Job in Dubai - Ros Invest Real Estate - Bayt.com
OK
Cancel
Loading...
Loading...
Jobs
Jobs
Salaries
People Companies Specialties
- All -
- All -Algeria (12)Bahrain (115)Dubai (1555)Egypt (501)Iraq (81)Jordan (391)Kuwait (742)Lebanon (250)Libya (16)Morocco (12)Oman (96)Pakistan (34)Qatar (1059)Saudi Arabia (2772)Sri Lanka (62)Tunisia (6)UAE (3585)Yemen (3)
Loading...
Menu - []
›
› Job Description
Commercial Real Estate Agent Required on Commission Basis
- ,
Date Posted: 2014/05/05 08:12:00
Ref. JB3047380
Job Description
ROS INVEST REAL ESTATE - THE ART OF PROPERTY MANAGEMENT
We are looking for real estate agents.
OUR MISSION - Our business was established to connect the desire of investors to benefit with a wide range of possibilities at Dubai real estate market.
Our Advantages:
* Bonuses upon reaching the target
* Attractive commission based contract.
*Certified Real Estate Broker Training in Dubai Real Estate Institute
* Brand-new office facilities (your personal work space)
* Convenient office location (Al Barsha 1 - opposite site of Wellington School)
* Company visa and Labor card
* 100% legal employment status as per UAE laws
* Fully optimized Web portal
* Full marketing support - Regular advertising at REAL ESTATE portals!
* Property Support (direct contacts)
* Strong motivated and friendly team
Key Responsibilities:
* Planning and organizing meetings with new and existing clients
* Property viewings for prospect clients
* Advertising properties for Sale and Lease
* Finding new clients
* Be able to advice client on legal rights, market conditions, valuation, transfer requirements and other aspects of Real Estate market in Dubai
Our Requirements:
* Self-Motivated, Self organized and Goal oriented
* Working experience in Dubai is the must
* Driving license and personal car is preferable
* Good English (written and verbally) is required
* Knowledge of main freehold areas
If you are fit our requirements, able to perform key responsibilities and wish to receive all advantages of working in Real Estate Field, please send us CV on the link below
Skills
* Self-Motivated, Self organized and Goal oriented
* Working experience in Dubai is the must
* Driving license and personal car is preferable
* Good English (written and verbally) is required
* Knowledge of main freehold areas
Job Details
Job Location:
Dubai, United Arab Emirates
Company Industry:
Real Estate
Company Type:
Employer (Public Sector)
Job Role:
Other
Joining Date:
2014-05-06
Employment Status:
Full time
Employment Type:
Employee
Monthly Salary Range:
Unspecified
Manages Others:
Yes
Number of Vacancies:
10
Preferred Candidate
Career Level:
Mid Career
Years of Experience:
Min: 0 Max: 1
Residence Location:
Dubai,United Arab Emirates
Gender:
Unspecified
Nationality:
Albania; Australia; Austria; Belarus; Belgium; Bosnia and Herzegovina; Bulgaria; Croatia (Hrvatska); Czech Republic; Denmark; Estonia; Finland; France; Germany; Great Britain (UK); Greece; Hungary; Iceland; Ireland; Italy; Kosovo; Latvia; Lithuania; Luxembourg; Macedonia; Moldova; Montenegro; Netherlands; Norway; Poland; Portugal; Romania; Russian Federation; Serbia; Slovak Republic; Slovenia; South Africa; Spain; Sweden; Switzerland; Ukraine; United States
Degree:
Bachelor's degree / higher diploma
Date Posted: 2014/05/05 08:12:00
Ref. JB3047380
Recommended Courses
Invite Your
Friends to Bayt.com
Find Jobs
About Bayt.com
Bayt.com is the leading job site in the Gulf and Middle East, connecting job seekers with employers looking to hire.
Every day, thousands of new job vacancies are listed on the award-winning platform from the region's top employers.
Company
Quick Links
Follow
© 2000-2014 Bayt.com, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
-
Reproduction of material from any Bayt.com pages without written permission is strictly prohibited.