Security jobs worldwide
Take your chance – Join Now
Published December 13, 2013 | Last Updated May 2, 2014
Best online resource for overseas contracting jobs. Join us and . We are looking for available positions  in Afghanistan, Iraq, Africa, Qatar, Kuwait, Dubai, Siria , Libia and others.
Email
“As long as there is man, there will be violence. As long as there is violence, there will be war.  And as long as there is war… we will always have a job. ” ANONYMOUS
**  Join us on our
NEW AVAILABLE SECURITY JOBS -2/05/2014
Jobs DetailsLocationAPPLYJobs DetailsLocationAPPLY
Ground Support Equipment Mechanic Kuwait
Advises and trains lower grade workers on diagnosis and repair of less complex repair/maintenance problems
Inspects and approves completed maintenance actions, solves repair problems by studying drawings, wiring diagrams and schematics, and technical publications
KuwaitElectrician Kandahar
Perform the Quality Electrical Support Team Program at assigned sites
Inspect existing electrical installations and equipment for compliance with the governing electrical standards and identify Life, Health, and Safety (LHS) conditions
Monitor and evaluate workmanship and performance of O&M; electrical departments by inspecting maintenance projects assigned to and completed.
Kandahar Armed Guard Kosovo
The Armed Security Guard shall serve as a deterrent and secures personnel and assets by standing guard or conducting roving patrols within secure premises to prevent unauthorized entry theft, violence, or infractions of the rules.
KosovoSecurity Representative Kabul
• Conducts day-to-day-management and implementation of SCI Security and administrative management for a Sensitive Compartmented Information Facility (SCIF)
• Advises and assist military senior leaders with SCI program management and policy, plans, and operations integration
• Coordinates with parent Special Security Offices as required
Kabul HUMINT Analyst- Afghanistan
Will function as a part of an Afghanistan based intelligence analytical team of military and/or DoD civilian analysts in support of customer's analytical requirements. This position is a Temporary Full-time role with an estimated deployment of 12 months. Prior to the one year deployment a four to five week mandatory CONUS training period is required.
Afghanistan Mobile Information Team Coordinator Afghanistan
• Manages all MIT operations in coordination with the Regional Information Office Manager (RIOM)
• Manages the daily operations of MITs through Afghan Advisors
• Responsible for gathering, consolidating and delivering information in support of client needs.
Afghanistan Collection Manager- Afghanistan
Deploy to AOR as part of 4-10 person analytical team focused of C-IED in support to ground forces. This position is a Temporary Full-time role with an estimated deployment of 12 months. Prior to the one year deployment a four to five week mandatory CONUS training period is required.
Afghanistan
Computer Network Operations (CNO) Officer Afghanistan
• Conducts computer network operations planning, integration and execution
• Advises and assist the military senior leaders with CNO policy, plans, and operations integration
• Coordinates with external staffs and counterpart elements for required authorities, plan approval and operation execution
• Manages all CNO activities in support of Military Information Support Operations (MISO) and Information Operations (IO)
Afghanistan Deputy Theater Manager Afghanistan
Provides quality assurance and quality control over documentation, administrative requirements, and daily reports prior to submission to CONUS based managers and personnel.
·
Provides recommendations on the effective manning of the operating teams to ensure proper personnel support for mission requirements.
·
Coordinates with supporting organizations (installation, logistics, and maintenance) for the support of the C-RAM system.
AfghanistanSECURITY INSPECTOR Beirut
Under the overall command of the Chief of SSS, the Security Inspector is required to perform armed security functions and reports directly to the Deputy Chief or supervising officer. All duties are performed in uniform however at times the Inspector may be required to perform duties in civilian clothes.
Beirut SECURITY COORDINATION OFFICER Central African Republic
•	Assists the CSA to manage the MINUSCA Security and Safety Section and assume his/her functions during the CSA and DCSA (Ops) absence;
•	Supervises the Security Units focused on Security Administration and Operational Support to include: Special Investigation Unit, Security Training, Fire Safety, Planning and Logistics; other units may be added during the mission life cycle and based on the operational requirements;
Central African RepublicSECURITY TRAINING OFFICER NAIROBI
- Deliver and implement medical response training CBL modules related to crisis management/response, specifically for mass casualty planning and medical evacuations, including lessons and courses as appropriate,
- Participate in reviewing and preparing dynamic CBL learning programmes of instructions (POIs), including training in response to emergency crisis situations; using current training material modules, practical applications, guide books and CBL methodologies.
- Assess scheduled POIs to make sure that they are conducted in accordance with the annual DSS training schedule;
NAIROBI SECURITY TRAINING OFFICER NEW YORK
Under the direct supervision of the Chief of TDS, the Training Officer (Coordination) will be
responsible for the coordination of appropriate training and learning activities between TDS
and the Division of Headquarters Security and Safety Service (DHSSS) (including the Safety
and Security Service (SSS) training sections at Headquarters locations, the Mission Support
Unit, Offices Away from Headquarters (OAHs), Tribunals, Regional Commissions (RC) and
the training sections of the Department of Peacekeeping Operations (DPKO) / Department of Field Support (DFS) and DPKO/DFS supported missions.
NEW YORK Senior Military Operations Trainer
Democratic Republic of Congo
The employee manages all aspects of tactical military training to include curriculum development and tactical training.
Provides mentorship to senior officers and NCO's as required.
The position will be a part of a team of employees embedded in an African military providing training on a variety of subjects.
Democratic Republic of Congo Senior Military Operations Trainer (French Speaking) Democratic Republic of Congo
The employee manages all aspects of tactical military training to include curriculum development and tactical training.
Provides mentorship to senior officers and NCO's as required.
The position will be a part of a team of employees embedded in an African military providing training on a variety of subjects.
Democratic Republic of CongoProject Manager Somalia
The TOPM will be directly responsible for all Task Order activities to include budgeting, Task Order personnel management, management of shipping / freight forwarding, property control, and communicating status of progress and the Task Order Management Plan to US Department of State.
Somalia All-Source Intelligence Analyst Baghdad
Analyze intelligence in support of specified units.
Analyze and produce finished all-source intelligence products over a broad range of issues, focusing on insurgent capabilities and actions, political and cultural climates, tribal and social networks and other issues as required.
Monitor and analyze threat intelligence and assess this information for credibility, urgency, and specific target information.
BaghdadCIED/EOD Program Manager Afghanistan
The Southwest Asia (SWA) Afghanistan ANSF CIED Program Manager (PM) will lead the CIED Program to ensure it's executed on time, on cost, and per the terms of the contract. The ANSF CIED Program Manager will interface with International Joint Command (IJC) CIED Director, NATO Military Training Mission-Afghanistan, DCOM-A-CIED, and participate in meetings and conferences as directed by the contract Technical Oversight Representative (TOR).
Afghanistan Emergency Preparedness and Response/Consultant Beirut
Revision of the SOPs and Tools:
• Organise ½ day meeting at the various DRC Lebanon 5 field offices to review relevant SOPs and tools
• Organise ½ day meeting at Beirut level once field review have been completed to compile all information at national level
• Update the
Lebanon Master EPRP Lebanon Plan
Training and Simulation:
• Provide training ToT and regular one to all DRC staff that will be identified by relevant head of offices and
Lebanon ERC
• Organise and run simulation exercise at field and national level
Beirut PROTECTION OFFICER Bangui, Central African Republic
•	Ensure that the protection and reporting activities within the project are implemented in a timely, professional and sustainable manner;
•	Supervise and work closely with national staff involved in the above mentioned project;
•	Conduct a firm advocacy in search for response on protection concerns;
Bangui, Central African Republic Security Specialist Afghanistan
At assigned location(s) performs, develops, implements, and administers Physical and Operational Security programs, security education, security procedures and physical controls at occupied sites/facilities to ensure compliance with company and government regulations and requirements.
AfghanistanFire Detection Specialist Afghanistan
Must have experience in inspecting, troubleshooting and repairing fire alarm systems. Knowledgeable of building and fire codes and performing inspections and conducting, supervising, testing and commissioning installed systems. Experiencce in designing fire alarm systems, including the preparation of construction documents.
Afghanistan Warehouse Operations Manager Afghanistan
Conducting Warehouse Operations that incorporates Expendable and Non-Expendable Supply Management that includes Cargo and Container Management at designated locations
o
Provide and manage a team of augmentees that assists the General Services Office in the warehouse operations as specified in RFP
o
Receive and document incoming shipments, ensuring appropriately storage or delivery; (2) Maintain inventory control of stored and issued items;
AfghanistanProtective Security Specialist (PSS) IQ-Baghdad
Driving follow-vehicle and/or acting as response agent.
Carries and operates weapons as specified in daily post and detail orders, or upon orders from the detail leader or shift leader.
Maintaining protective formation position during principal's walking movements.
Participating in advance security preparations.
Manning the security post at principals residence or manning the command post as required.
IQ-Baghdad Security Officer UAE - Dubai
To be the main point of contact in emergency situations. To follow the security policies and procedures at all times. To do foot and vehicle patrols.
UAE - DubaiSecurity Officer United Arab Emirates-Dubai
Consistently offer professional, friendly and engaging service
Ensure the overall safety and security of the hotel guests, Colleagues and hotel premises
Act as a member of the Emergency Response Team, responding in cases of fire, accident, safety concerns and calls for medical assistance
United Arab Emirates-Dubai Loss Prevention Officer United Arab Emirates
To keep watch for any suspicious characters, would-be criminals, shopping touts, pimps, prostitutes or any undesirable persons.
·
To ensure that unauthorized persons do not remove unattended pieces of luggage left by the guest.
United Arab EmiratesSecurity Supervisor United Arab Emirates-Dubai
Consistently offers professional, engaging and friendly service
Adhere to all policies as set forth by the Security Manager
Supervise the surveillance of the closed circuit television system and supply evidence on CD as necessary
Complete a daily shift occurrence report accurately and in its entirety ensuring that particular attention is paid to times that certain activities are performed
United Arab Emirates-Dubai CCTV Operator United Arab Emirates-Dubai
To operate and monitor all systems within the control room in an efficient manner ensuring that all work is undertaken in compliance with security operating procedure, legislation and code of practice/ethics.
To liaise with the police, service providers and internal concerned departments to ensure that appropriate use of the system.
United Arab Emirates-DubaiSecurity Manager United Arab Emirates
Interview, select, review, and counsel security officers to maintain order throughout the hotel.
Train new employees according to all corporate specifications, including documentation.
Assign duties and schedule staff, balancing needs of hotel and productivity standards.
Monitor staff activity and coach subordinate performance.
United Arab Emirates Assistant Country Director Programmes South Sudan
The Assistant Country Director Programmes (ACDP) is a member of the GOL South Sudan Senior Management Team (SMT) with overall responsibility for the strategic development of GOAL’s programmes currently operational in four underserved locations in South Sudan. The role focuses on programme planning and development, reporting, M&E; and capacity building, as well as coordination internally and with relevant line ministries, UN agencies, NGOs, partners and other relevant stakeholders.
South SudanCountry Director Sudan
The Country Director is responsible for ensuring that all programme activities are planned, resourced, implemented, monitored and evaluated in a timely manner. The CD will also ensure that they are appropriate, cost effective, targeted, sustainable and in keeping with company mission and philosophy.
Sudan Field Logistics Base Manager South Sudan
• Deputise for the AC in the AC’s absence
• Daily line management of logistics team in your location
• Daily logistics supporting arrangements and procedural actions for projects
• Daily logistics operations in support of programme objectives
South SudanSafety and Security Coordinator - Syria
The Safety & Security Coordinator will inform senior management of safety and security related issues and ensure that they are kept informed of all security developments and are in a position to take appropriate action when required. The Safety and Security Coordinator is responsible for ensuring that appropriate systems and procedures are in place to maximize the safety and security of all company staff and that these systems and procedures are adhered to at all times. The Security Coordinator is responsible for working with programme managers at all levels to ensure that safety and security is mainstreamed into all areas of operations.
Syria Facility Security Officer Guantanamo Bay, Cuba
Conduct personnel security tasks for all JTF personnel and visitors.
Responsible for a myriad of work which includes, but is not limited to, monitoring security clearances, preparing requests to initiate investigations, maintaining security clearance rosters, and processing incident reports.
Establish procedures for maintaining and disseminating the Master Security Manager Roster
Guantanamo Bay, CubaSpecial Security Advisor
Afghanistan
Formulating and ensuring compliance with automated information systems security procedures
Suggesting, implementing and monitoring compliance with the ISAF/USFOR-A special security policies and procedures
Conducting and coordinating the training for special security representatives
Performing liaison with Government, NATO and industrial security officials
Afghanistan
NEW AVAILABLE JOBS – 02/05/2014
Jobs DetailsLocationAPPLYJobs DetailsLocationAPPLY
Facilities Management Specialist Afghanistan
Coordinates all facilities maintenance requirements, including electrical, plumbing, carpentry, generator and vehicle maintenance, HVAC and refrigeration repairs, and overall maintenance.
Supervises all maintenance personnel and administers all maintenance and life support subcontracts.
AfghanistanPlumber Light Construction Crew Iraq
This is a trade’s position, based at the Consulate General (CG) Basrah, Iraq and will be associated with the Operations and Maintenance section. The selected candidate will be responsible for performing CG Basrah plumbing requirements. This position reports to the CG LCC Supervisor.
Iraq Facility Security Design Consultant South Jakarta, Jakarta
The consultant will be expected to develop a strong understanding of Control
Risks’ capabilities locally and globally, contribute to marketing and profile-raising events, participate in client meetings, seek opportunities to develop projects and cultivate long-term client relationships.
South Jakarta, JakartaMaritime Security Operator Anywhere
·Provide armed security for vessels transiting in high threat piracy regions
·Train Vessel crew on emergency response procedures and contingency plan
actions
·Harden Ship as needed during high risk transit areas
·Provide detailed reporting
Anywhere Military Training Instructor / SME Anywhere
Based in-country where program is being executed
Responsibilities include:
Coaching, teaching, and mentoring foreign military personnel in providing basic and advanced military training
Consult, advise and mentor host country military leaders assigned to training academies or units
Assist in the development of instructional material
Assist in developing criteria for evaluating effectiveness of training activities
Assist in management of military training program
AnywhereProject Director / First Responder Program Mexico City, Federal District, Mexico
The Project Director should have significant criminal investigative and crime scene management experience from the rank of Captain and above.
The person should also have experience in managing police training programs such as a police academy or the management of specific and large scale training programs.
Mexico City, Federal District, Mexico Executive Protection / Security Operations Assistant Washington, District of Columbia
He/she will aid in supervising a team of security professionals responsible for providing physical protection, security, administrative and logistical support to the President and other Bank officials ensuring their personal safety and well-being.
Washington, District of ColumbiaExecutive Protection Driver Newark, New Jersey
Provides executive protection duties and transportation responsibilities in support of the overall security program for Grades 5 and above as necessary. Position also serves as a back up to the Senior Executive Protection Transportation Associate.
Newark, New Jersey Recruiting Director Moyock, North Carolina
In cooperation with internal clients and management, develops recruiting strategies to meet business and contract requirements.
Manage the screening, evaluation, and selection of candidates for various employment and contract positions.
Partner with program managers to develop and execute effective recruiting strategies to meet manning targets on all contracts.
Moyock, North CarolinaAnti-Terrorism Assistance (ATA) Operations Coordinator Moyock, North Carolina
Monitor daily ATA operations and provides first line response to all emerging matters with ATA deliveries.
Provide administrative Instructor support to ATA domestic deliveries.
Responsible for reports to the ATA Program Manager.
Moyock, North Carolina Executive Protection Officer McLean, Virginia
Plans, coordinates, and ensures personal protection throughout facilities, residence, airfields, off-site events, and ground and air transportation.
Recommends procurement and installation of security equipment to mitigate risks to personnel.
Maintains personal profiles and conducts risk assessments of personnel covered by protection.
Performs security advances of all business and event locations to be visited by the principal to ensure the personal protection and safety of the executive.
McLean, VirginiaWaterborne CIED / Doctrine SME Virginia Beach, Virginia
In support of the water-borne C-IED operations, you shall integrate technical and operational asymmetric information into a training curriculum via updates and revisions; coordination with training center and home station scripting personnel is an essential part of this continual support effort.
Virginia Beach, Virginia Physical Security Specialist Evansville, Indiana
• Manage all facets of electronic access control systems for all Bancorp facilities across the footprint to include: requests for new badges, changes and de-activations; completion and maintenance of proper reporting records and quarterly system audits; supervising and scheduling maintenance work on various access control system components.
• Manage alarm system code changes, additions and deletions for all Bancorp locations.
Evansville, IndianaCorporate Security / Asset Protection Specialist Akron, Ohio
Coordinates security programs and operations at the Americas Technical Center in Akron, OH.
Maintains electronic security and life safety systems. Responds to and investigates work-place related incidents. Functions as a medical first responder.
Akron, Ohio Combat Shooting And Tactical Vehicle Operations Instructor Blackstone, Virginia
Support and instruct basic to advanced levels of classroom and practical instruction involving live fire
combat shooting and Small Unit Tactics (SMUT) operations and techniques
Support and instruct the safe operation and employment of the 9MM pistol, 5.56 MM rifle, .50 cal rifle,
7.62 caliber weapon systems, shotgun and various crew serve weapon systems.
Blackstone, Virginia
NEW AVAILABLE JOBS – 29/04/2014
Jobs DetailsLocation APPLYJobs DetailsLocation APPLY
Financial Advisor Projects -
En charge de la zone Asie Centrale (Afghanistan, Tadjikistan, Mongolie), vous assurez le suivi, le contrôle et le support administratif et financier aux projets et aux antennes, en lien étroit avec la coordination régionale basée à Douchambé (Tadjikistan) et en appui aux responsables des antennes locales (chargés de projets et administrateurs locaux)
- Permanent contract
Central Asia Chief of Party -
The CoP will provide overall management and leadership to ensure that activity objectives are effectively met. The CoP will apply their expertise and experience in overall agreement management, operations and coordination; relations with USAID; design, organization and implementation of exercises; any related training; design and development of planning tools and instruments; and the organization and coordination of appropriate technical assistance. Technical Leadership, Quality Assurance, Supervision, Mentoring/Training, Administration, Finance, Monitoring/Evaluation, Report Writing.
Somalia Consultant Kenya
Coordinating with IMC’s Desk, Technical staff, Development Innovations (DI), and Country Office, develop a comprehensive Technical Proposal responding to USAID’s to be released APHIAplus RFP. The Consultant will complete the Technical Proposal in the required electronic format by the to-be-determined due date.
KenyaCountry Director Somalia
The Country Director is directly responsible for the overall strategic planning, human resources, program design and implementation, program support operations, finance, administration, monitoring and evaluation supervision, expansion/development, and required reporting for the country program.
Somalia Country Director- Afghanistan
The Country Director is directly responsible for the overall strategic planning, fund raising, human resources, program design and implementation, program support operations, finance, administration, monitoring and evaluation supervision, expansion/development of the current portfolio, and required reporting for the country programs.
AfghanistanEmergency Program Manager Siria
The Emergency Program Manager is responsible for identification, technical and financial monitoring, and successful implementation of his/her Emergency Projects. The Emergency Program Manager works closely with respective staff , to ensure the identification and cost- effective, timely and result based management and implementation of Emergency Projects.
Siria MOVEMENT CONTROL ASSISTANT Sudan
Within delegated authority, the Movement Control Assistant will carry out the following duties:
• Develops passenger and cargo load plans.
• Ensures that dangerous goods are transported in accordance with the applicable international Dangerous Goods Regulations.
• Manages and coordinates shipments including customs clearance, specifying carriers, routes of movement, transit times, service levels.
• Facilitates contacts with local authorities responsible for travel-related, immigration and customs issues.
• Assists with the planning and execution of military and police contingent movements.
• Liaises and coordinates with military/police personnel for military and police contingent movements.
• Drafts Movement Orders.
SudanASSOCIATE SECURITY OFFICER Kabul
Within limits of delegated authority, the Associate Security Coordination Officer, P-2, may be responsible for the following duties: Supervises a Security unit, as assigned by the CSA/CSO or equivalent;
•	Assists higher level Security Coordination Officers in the management of the Security Section;
•	Serves as member of the Security Cell;
•	Develops and implements Security Standard Operating Procedures (SSOP);
•	Prepares, develops, updates, implements and ensures that there are functioning and effective security and contingency plans, as required;
Kabul Military Human Resources Manager UAE
The Manager of Human Resource is responsible for providing leadership in developing and executing human resource strategy in support of the overall business plan and strategic direction of the organization. Focus is placed on analysis, data collection/design and development of administration, occupational career mapping and implementation of human resources systems in meeting all project standards for human resources and systems development and implementation.
UAEAdministrative Support Specialist Kingdom of Saudi Arabia
Administrative Support Specialists to support the F-15 Foreign Military Sales (FMS) program office in various locations within The Kingdom of Saudi Arabia (KSA). The specialists must be able to accomplish the following tasks: Must have proficiency in preparation and routing of official USAF correspondence in accordance with USAF Standards (for example, Staff Summary Sheets, Bullet Background Papers, and Talking Papers).
Kingdom of Saudi Arabia CBRN SME Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates
Center of Excellence (CoE) Chemical, Biological, Radiological/Nuclear Developer serves as a member of a diverse cell of highly trained professionals tasked to collect relevant education and training data as part of an overall effort that includes four Operational Focus areas: Safety, Security, Defense, Emergency Management and Crisis Planning (SSDEC).
United Arab Emirates IT Director: Education and Training UAE
Responsibilities include the overall planning, organizing, and execution of all IT functions at the location. This includes directing all IT operations to meet customer requirements as well as the support and maintenance of existing applications and development of new technical solutions.
UAE Administrative Support Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates
Administrative Support Specialists to support the Rabdan Academy program office in Abu Dhabi. The specialists must be able to accomplish the following tasks: Must have proficiency in preparation and routing of official correspondence for example, Staff Summary minutes, Power Point presentations and Talking Papers.
Abu Dhabi, United Arab EmiratesLogistics / Supply Training Instructor Kabul
Supply Subject Matter Expert: Utilizing an interpreter; provide classroom and hands on performance oriented instruction on individual and collective supply tasks to the ANA Corps Logistics Battalions and Combat Service Support Battalions.
Supply tasks are focused on equipment accountability procedures, requesting and issuing supplies and equipment, and turn in procedures.
Develop training appropriate for the individual, leader, and collective levels.
Mentor and develop the skills of ANA supply leadership.
Kabul EOD TRAINER Kabul
The 12 week course is designed to progress the student systematically through progressive theory and practical training to level 4 EOD standards. Utilizing comprehensive theory and practical assessments and leading to a well rounded military EOD operator who is ready to progress to IEDD training.
Contracts Administrator Bagram
The positions require the successful applicant to provide acquisition support services for any or all stages of the procurement cycle from acquisition planning through contract closeout.
Bagram Operations Support
The selected candidate will conduct one on one training to facilitate improvements in the in-country support infrastructure as well as mentoring the students in leadership skills. Duties may include training as part of a small team, logistical tasks, accompanying other team members on short trips.
Kabul Administrative Specialist-
Provide administrative or secretarial support to a department and/or Manager. Typical duties include general clerical, receptionist and project based work. Responsibilities may be unique to a specific function or department such as Procurement or Engineering, but are mainly administrative in nature.
SA-AL-AL KHOBAR Program Manager, Kabul Afghanistan
Serve as in-country lead for implementation of client contracts and as PGS’s operations representative to the client’s technical and contract officers on assigned programs
Responsible for project upon award and implementation through project closeout
Kabul AfghanistanAdministration Assistant Damascus
The Admin Assistant, in cooperation with the Administration Officer and supporting staff, is expected to look after company
premises including main office, guest houses, warehouses and community centers.
Damascus Head of Office
South Sudan
This company looking for a highly experienced Head of Office to be part of South Sudan’s Senior Management and taking responsibility for direct supervision of the Ajuong Thok Camp Manager, Logistics Officer, and Head of Finance and Administration for Unity.
South SudanEmergency Preparedness and Response/Consultant Beirut
Essential qualifications: Advanced University degree in disciplines such as disaster management, geography, environmental management, etc. with at least five years of work experience in disaster management, or a similar field;
Beirut PROTECTION OFFICER Bangui, Central African Republic
•	Ensure that the protection and reporting activities within the project are implemented in a timely, professional and sustainable manner;
•	Supervise and work closely with national staff involved in the above mentioned project;
Bangui, Central African RepublicPERSONAL SECURITY SPECIALIST / EMERGENCY MEDICAL TECHNICIAN - INTERMEDIATE Kandahar, Afghanistan
Driving the lead vehicle (auto, aircraft, boat), principal’s vehicle, or follow-vehicle, whenever required in motorcade or similar operations.
Driving follow-vehicle and/or acting as response agent. Carries and operates weapons as specified in daily post and detail orders, or upon orders from the detail leader or shift leader.
Maintaining protective formation position during principal’s walking movements.
Kandahar, Afghanistan Property Supervisor Kuwait
1. Supervise a team to accomplish provided tasks to standard.
2. Count, sort incoming government property to verify receipt of items on requisition or invoices.
3. Update Property Book in Maximo.
4. Validate Purchase Request.
KuwaitFire Fighter Crew Chief Afghanistan
Responsible for the supervision of an assigned aircraft or structural firefighting crew on an alternating 48-hour shifts, supervising all assigned crew members in fire ground situations as well as the performance of care and maintenance of apparatus and equipment within Afghanistan as defined in the current task order, Performance Work Standard (PWS)
Afghanistan Fire Fighter Driver/Op Afghanistan
Functions a part of a firefighting team member of an assigned aircraft or structural firefighting crew on an alternating 48-hour shifts. Maintains firefighting and general purpose emergency response vehicles, equipment, tools and protective clothing in a serviceable ready-response condition. Responds to emergencies as required, suppresses fire, and takes precautions to prevent rekindling.
AfghanistanSecurity Officer
United Arab Emirates-Dubai
Consistently offer professional, friendly and engaging service
Ensure the overall safety and security of the hotel guests, Colleagues and hotel premises
Act as a member of the Emergency Response Team, responding in cases of fire, accident, safety concerns and calls for medical assistance
United Arab Emirates-Dubai Security Supervisor United Arab Emirates-Dubai
Consistently offers professional, engaging and friendly service
Maintain all Standard / Local Standard Operating Procedures as related to all Security Control Rooms, Operations and Outlets.
Train, further educate and orientate all Security Officers under your direct responsibility (stage 1, 2, 3).
United Arab Emirates-DubaiSecurity Officer Dubai, UAE
•Ensure and guard the safety of guests and employees by walking surveillance rounds and patrol all of the Hotel’s areas
•Respond rapidly to requests for emergency and non-emergency assistance in a professional and hospitable manner
UAE Security Manager DUBAI
As a Security Manager, you are responsible for the safety and security of all Guests, Team Members and contractors, and visitors while at the hotel. A Security Manager is also responsible for the safety and security of the hotel premises.
DUBAI Loss Prevention Supervisor Kuwait
Patrol all areas of the property; secure rooms; assist guests with room access. Conduct emergency response drills, daily physical hazard/safety inspections, investigations, interviews, and key control audit. Monitor Closed Circuit Televisions and alarm systems.
Kuwait Regional Safety Advisor Mali
Establish and maintain an active information source network including amongst NGOs, the UN, armed forces, and other national and international security actors to obtain and verify credible and relevant security information.
Mali
NEW AVAILABLE JOBS – 26/04/2014
Job DetailsLocationJob DetailsLocation
Consultant-Case Management and Training
The consultant will support the GBV team in implementing activities aimed at preventing forms of gender based violence and supporting survivors of violence.
LibyaCountry Director-
Develop country specific strategic plan and proposals for programs that will successfully transition our relief programs to early recovery and transition to more long-term development programs.
Afghanistan Emergency Program Manager -
The Emergency Program Manager is responsible for identification, technical and financial monitoring, and successful implementation of his/her Emergency Projects.
SyriaField Coordinator-
Recruit, train and supervise national staff as necessary; participate in recruitment of international staff as required;
Chad
Security Coordination Officer -
•	Assists higher level Security Coordination Officers in the management of the Security Section;
•	Serves as member of the Security Cell;
KabulSECURITY COORDINATION OFFICER -
Supervises the Security Units focused on Security Administration and Operational Support to include: Special Investigation Unit, Security Training, Fire Safety, Planning and Logistics; other units may be added during the mission life cycle and based on the operational requirements;
Central African Republic SECURITY TRAINING OFFICER -
Prepare draft security training reports for all learning programmes, in accordance with established procedures, including appropriate recommendations to enhance CBL POIs;
NairobiInvestigation Assistant-
•Prepares and maintains the body of investigation reference files including management of individual case files; participates in initiatives to enhance systems for investigatory records management and retrieval.
Uganda Maintenance Trainer (Advisor)-
Trainers will be responsible for assessing how well the ANA students have learned the coursework
AfghanistanSecurity Operations Team Leader -
Qualifications
A minimum of 7 years military or armed police experience and 3 years commercial security experience.
Team Leaders must be capable of commanding a number of local teams on the ground.
Hold an SIA license
Current CRB check
Fit and in good health
Iraq Close Protection / PSD Team Member -
8 weeks on, 4 weeks off.
1 Year with possible extension
LybiaTraining Project Manager -
The TOPM will be responsible for ensuring training is conducted to the standard identified in the Statement of Work. This entails the development of a program of instruction, and supervision of the trainers to ensure skill mastery by the trainees.
Democratic Republic of the Congo Project Manager -
The TOPM will be directly responsible for all Task Order activities including; budgeting, personnel management, management of shipping / freight forwarding, property control, project communications, and the Task Order Management Plan.
MaliPhysical Security Specialist -
This position requires the ability to solve security systems and programs through innovative solutions including all aspects of physical security.
Guantanamo, Cuba Senior Customs And Border Police Advisor -
The Advisor will work closely with the Border Police and the local government as a whole on developing strategies for combating terrorism, shoring up the sovereignty of the country, securing the borders, anti-trafficking, smuggling, migration, immigration, and asylum.
SarajevoSecurity Specialist -
Force Protection/Threat & Vulnerability Assessments and tracking matrices relevant to: Sites, FP Projects, Ground Movements, HLZ's, Off the FOB Missions, Water Points, Wells.
Bagram Security Coordinator -
Identify threats, risks and / or vulnerabilities according to service characteristics and procedures established by the client and / or security company.
Report threats risks and / or vulnerabilities identified in accordance with company procedures and customer safety
ColumbiaProject Manager -
The TOPM will be directly responsible for all Task Order activities to include budgeting, Task Order personnel management, management of shipping / freight forwarding, property control, and communicating status of progress and the Task Order Management Plan.
Somalia Ground SIGINT Specialist -
Conducts support to ground SIGINT collection operations, SIGINT operations coordination and synchronization, and other SIGINT activities as necessary.
KabulOperations Manager -
The Operations Manager must be responsible for all operations including administration, logistics, procurement, budgeting, financial, property, and database oversight.
Kenya SIGINT Analyst-
Candidate will provide SIGINT analysis support to the existing intelligence staffs at multiple tactical and operational echelons within the Combined Joint Operating Area - Afghanistan (CJOA-A) to support administrative, analytical, planning and reporting functions.
BagramHUMINT Analyst - Candidate will provide HUMINT analysis support to the existing intelligence staffs at multiple tactical and operational echelons within the Combined Joint Operating Area - Afghanistan (CJOA-A) to support administrative, analytical, planning and reporting functions.
Bagram All Source Analyst -
Candidate will provide all-source intelligence support to the existing intelligence staffs at multiple tactical and operational echelons within the Combined Joint Operating Area - Afghanistan (CJOA-A) to support administrative, analytical, planning and reporting functions.
BagramSecurity Officer -
•Ensure and guard the safety of guests and employees by walking surveillance rounds and patrol all of the Hotel’s areas
Sudan Health & Safety Specialist -
Qualified candidates for an upcoming Environmental Response and Cleanup Teams (ERCT) contract.
AfghanistanSite Manager
-
Seeking a creative, highly talented Food Services and Lodging Manager for employment on in an OCONUS project site.
Afghanistan Supply Specialist -
Building Manager for employment on in a OCONUS project site, Kandahar/Bagram AB Afghanistan.
AfghanistanOPERATIONAL SECURITY ADVISOR -
Salary: £55,000
Provide specialist security support
London Operations Special Capabilities Planner -
Provide Subject Matter Expertise to conduct mission analysis and operational design for current and future Inform and Influence Activities (IIA) in support of the Campaign in Afghanistan.
Afghanistan
NEW AVAILABLE JOBS 21/04/2014
Job DetailsLocationAPPLYJob DetailsLocationAPPLY
Project Security Team Medic -
Provides medical training for foreign and local national personnel.
Provides personal security training.
Provides close protection.
KabulMobile Information Team Coordinator -
Manages all MIT operations in coordination with the Regional Information Office Manager
Kabul
Close Protection / PSD Mentor -
Perform the day-to-day protective security functions, as specified in daily briefs and or as directed by the Country Operations Manager;
IraqEOD INSTRUCTOR -
EOD Teams support training at the Afghan Engineer School; and train the ANSF to operate and repair robots, mine detectors and hand held metal detectors.
Kabul FIELD ENGINEER 3 -
Seeking Field Engineers for CONUS training then deployment to Afghanistan to support and maintain ISR equipment.
AfghanistanCollection Manager -
The collection manager (CM) shall be responsible for coordinating all Intelligence Surveillance and Reconnaissance (ISR) collection requirements and ensure all intelligence data is properly disseminated within the supported commands/organizations.
Bagram Acquisition Analyst -
The positions require the successful applicant to provide acquisition support services for any or all stages of the procurement cycle from acquisition planning through contract closeout.
BagramTechnical Advisor - Mechanical -
Under broad direction, interprets, organizes, executes, and coordinates assignments.
Saudi Arabia Security Supervisor -
Supervise all contract security personnel and daily operations
UAESecurity Officer -
Act as a member of the Emergency Response Team, responding in cases of fire, accident, safety concerns and calls for medical assistance
Dubai CCTV Operator -
To maintain a secure system for providing data in accordance with the regulations set up by Department of Protective Systems (DPS) and to ensure the security of the control room and equipment is maintained at all times.
DubaiSecurity Officer -
Respond rapidly to requests for emergency and non-emergency assistance in a professional and hospitable manner
Dubai Security Manager -
As a Security Manager, you are responsible for the safety and security of all Guests, Team Members and contractors
Dubai
Share this:Like this:Like Loading...
Pages:
1
Bookmark the . Follow any comments here with the .
or .
3 Comments
rocco1477
Posted April 3, 2014 at 6:30 pm |
Hello my user name is rocco1477, can you send me plase contact fot this job: Location: Libya, Salary: € 150 000
per Year
, Languages: English
Closing date: 1. July 2014
Thank You
sabinv
Posted April 5, 2014 at 11:22 am |
Look like it was a scam, we received many evidence about that company from our members. To see all details and discusions, please come to
mhd_green
Posted April 8, 2014 at 5:34 pm |
Hello
I have just started using this website to fine a job in the UAE, I would like to know if this company will help me fine a good job that pays good.
Leave a Reply
You must be
to post a comment.
LOGIN
Username
Password
Remember Me
Forgotten Password
Latest from The Guardian
Who's Online6 visitors online now
Powered by
•
6 visitors online now6 guests, 0 membersMax visitors today: 16 at 08:39 am UTCThis month: 32 at 05-02-2014 07:33 pm UTCThis year: 42 at 03-29-2014 12:37 pm UTCAll time: 42 at 03-29-2014 12:37 pm UTC
Security Jobs Network - Your online job - Dont Lose Your Time, Join Us Now
%d bloggers like this: