GulfTalent.com
Marketing Manager & Business Development – Leading Law Firm
Carter Murray
UAE
Posted on: 5 May 2014
THE ROLE
Expand all
A well-established yet growing law firm has a new opportunity for an all-round BD & Marketing Manager to join their team.
This role needs a marketing visionary who can create and drive new developments in the marketing & business development team by providing close working client relationships, business development and marketing services to fee earners and clients of the firm.
To be suitable for this role you MUST have previous experience working in a law firm/professional services marketing & BD role. The successful candidate will have excellent organisational and event management skills.
SR Group is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy.
REQUIREMENTS
To be suitable for this role you MUST have previous experience working in a law firm/professional services marketing & BD role. The successful candidate will have excellent organisational and event management skills.
ABOUT THE COMPANY
Carter Murray is a specialist recruitment consultancy specialising in the placement of marketing professionals into professional services firms, the financial services sector, multi-national corporations and global brands from our offices in London, Dubai and Sydney. Carter Murray is a member of The SR Group, a specialist global recruitment consultancy founded in 1987, operating in the niche markets of Taxation, Legal, HR and Marketing recruitment. From the world’s largest companies to small owner-managed businesses, we recruit at all levels for a complete cross-section of clients. Our clients include the full range of UK and international professional services firms and financial services companies. We recognise that they expect an exceptional level of service and a real knowledge of today’s highly specialised market.Each of our consultants personally manages their own clients and specialises in specific areas of this key marketplace. We take the time to really understand both parties’ needs and provide focused and consistent advice.
Send
|
|