GulfTalent.com
Western PA
BAC Middle East
Abu Dhabi, UAE
Posted on: 5 May 2014
THE ROLE
Expand all
On behalf of our client, a company belonging to one of the Sheiks of Abu Dhabi, we are recruiting an experienced and Western PA.
You will be the PA to the Head of Projects, who is from the UK.
The role will involve diary management, attending meetings, travel arrangements, co ordination of staff, and all general admin.
The hours are 5 days a week and 8 - 4pm, however you may need to work longer when required, but this is not all of the time.
REQUIREMENTS
The successful candidate would be a British lady in her 30's or 40's, or 50's, who is able to handle the very busy schedule of a senior western exec.
The company is conducting all of the building and maintenance works for the Sheikh, so if you have previous experience working in engineering related PA or executive secretary roles it would be a distinct advantage.
A pleasant personality and a good multi tasker is required for the role.
If you want to commute from Dubai its not a problem but you would need your own transport.
The salary and package is negotiable for the right person.
Please upload your CV in a Word document, along with a cover note detailing your current salary, full package and your notice period.
ABOUT THE COMPANY
BAC Middle East - the longest established professional recruitment consultancy in the UAE. Established in 1979, we have been at the forefront of the region's recruitment industry for 30 years and were the first firm of our type in the world to achieve ISO9001 certification: a reflection of our constant emphasis on quality and customer satisfaction.
With our well-developed infrastructure and staff strength, we are able to assist you with recruitment needs ranging from junior professionals through to middle and senior management, whatever your industry sector.
BAC's proven regional experience and resources can help ensure that you recruit the best available candidates and enjoy the many advantages of a managed recruitment process.
Send
|
|