alJazeera Jobs - Junior Web Developer
Jobs in Qatar, Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, Oman, Bahrain, Dubai, Abu Dhabi by alJazeera Jobs
Select Language
English
Francais
Deutsch
عربي
Español
Português
Русский
Nederlands
Türkçe
اردو
Contact alJazeera Jobs Bahrain: (+973) 16199-113
Serving Arabian Gulf Job Seekers since 2007, alJazeera Jobs
is the established, trusted and leading provider of Jobs in
, , , ,
and .
Subscribe to our custom developed Candidate
Management Service to proactively place your details in Arabic
and English into the HR systems of the leading employers in
the Gulf. Jump to the head of the queue and get hired, sign-up
.
JOB SEARCH
I'm looking for...
In location
Select Country
Saudi Arabia
UAE
Kuwait
Qatar
Bahrain
Oman
other
ACCOUNT MANAGEMENT:
|
Junior Web Developer
05 May 2014 08:04 AM - UAE
Â  Â
Junior Web Developer A Leading HR Consulting Company in UAEDubai, UAERef: NP949-58The RoleThe RoleOur client a leading Digital Agency in Dubai is looking for an outstanding junior web developer who is a passionate programmer and has a very good understanding of interactive digital advertising. You will work closely with project managers, digital producers, creative and design team, and will be responsible for developing website, campaign website and/or developing digital campaign work against social platforms. The successful candidate should also be a forward thinker, and have the ability to make recommendations on the use of new and emerging technologies. Desired Skills and Experience Technical Requirements: -OOP PHP (experience with frameworks CI, Yii, Zend is a big plus) coding experience, MVC patterns -RDBMS (MySQL, SQL Server or Oracle etc.) -Familiarity with social platform APIs: Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, Google+, LinkedIn and etc. -HTML 5 (canvas big plus), Javascript jQuery (or similar library), CSS3 -PHP CMS development: WordPress and/or Joomla or Drupal
Preferred Requirements: -Highly proficient in Adobe Creative Suite 5, including In-design, Illustrator, Photoshop, Flash and Dreamweaver. -Knowledge of second programming language: C#, Python is a plus. -Understanding of responsive development and tool kits/libraries: j Query Mobile, Responsive Bootstrap is a big plus -Knowledge of a front-end framework such as Bootstrap is a big plus -Strong communication skills and attention to details. -Ability to work well in multicultural environment. Work effectively as part of a team, possess the self-motivation and discipline, solve problems and share experiences. RequirementsRequirements-Web development, programming and prototyping Campaign server configuration and settings -Requirement analysis, design, develop, validate and testing of web application. -Optimization and integration -Maintain developed code and documentation (I.e. Tech spec ) Qualified candidates please apply with your most updated CV , Current Salary/Salary Requirements. & Links to 3 website/applications developed. Salary - Maximum 8000 + Medical and Air Tick (more...)
GT
Advertisement
|
|
|
|
|
All rights reserved - AlJazeeraJobs ® is a registered trade mark and unauthorised usage is strictly prohibited.
|
, , , , ,