Regulatory Affairs Associate - 	Fixed – term contract of 1 year Job in Dubai - Takeda - Bayt.com
OK
Cancel
Loading...
Loading...
Jobs
Jobs
Salaries
People Companies Specialties
- All -
- All -Algeria (12)Bahrain (115)Dubai (1555)Egypt (495)Iraq (81)Jordan (390)Kuwait (740)Lebanon (249)Libya (16)Morocco (12)Oman (96)Pakistan (33)Qatar (1055)Saudi Arabia (2766)Sri Lanka (0)Tunisia (6)UAE (3582)Yemen (3)
Loading...
Menu - []
›
› Job Description
Regulatory Affairs Associate - 	Fixed – term contract of 1 year
- ,
Date Posted: 2014/05/05 06:55:53
Ref. JB3047348
Job Description
This position consists on preparing and compiling registration files and artworks for submissions;Interactive and efficient coordination of Life cycle maintenance activities
Major Accountabilities
:
•	Prepare, review and maintain documentation to support Regulatory submissions of new applications, variations and renewals.
•	Maintain and apply working knowledge of current and proposed regulations & guidelines pertaining to new applications, variations and renewals
•	Handle maintenance activities of registered products (variations) in coordination with IRA department and local distributors (company name change project).
•	Prepare and review labeling and artworks in coordination with our local distributors, graphic designer and manufacturing sites.
•	Review and compile the M1 in cooperation with IRA department and local distributors to fulfill the local requirements
•	Track status and progress of regulatory documentation.
•	Compile and prepare responses to regulatory authorities questions
•	Review of promotional material
•	Monthly reporting, regular and accurate updating of the tracking tools (database).
•	Regular archiving of registration files and related documents.
•	Handle special projects as determined by business needs.
Skills
Language:
English / Arabic
•Technical systems skills (. word processing, spreadsheets, databases, online research)
•Proofreading and editing skills
•Ability to contribute to multiple projects from a regulatory affairs perspective
•Ability to multitask and prioritize
This job is posted in the following Specialties:
Education
university Degree in Science (Pharmacy, Medical, Chemistry)
Job Details
Job Location:
Dubai, United Arab Emirates
Company Industry:
Pharmaceutical
Company Type:
Employer (Private Sector)
Job Role:
Healthcare/Medical
Joining Date:
2014-05-25
Employment Status:
Part time
Employment Type:
Contractor
Monthly Salary Range:
$4,000 - $5,000
Manages Others:
No
Number of Vacancies:
1
Preferred Candidate
Career Level:
Entry Level
Years of Experience:
Min: 1 Max: 3
Residence Location:
United Arab Emirates
Gender:
Unspecified
Nationality:
Unspecified
Degree:
Bachelor's degree / higher diploma
About This Company
Since being established 230 years ago in Japan, this small enterprise has grown into a global pharmaceutical company that has earned the trust of our stakeholders, expanded our operations, and developed our own unique set of strengths.Our strengths lie in our ability to continually adapt to shifting market demands. We consistently provide physicians and patients with high-quality medicines, while acting with integrity in every aspect of our business.
Date Posted: 2014/05/05 06:55:53
Ref. JB3047348
Recommended Courses
Invite Your
Friends to Bayt.com
Find Jobs
About Bayt.com
Bayt.com is the leading job site in the Gulf and Middle East, connecting job seekers with employers looking to hire.
Every day, thousands of new job vacancies are listed on the award-winning platform from the region's top employers.
Company
Quick Links
Follow
© 2000-2014 Bayt.com, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
-
Reproduction of material from any Bayt.com pages without written permission is strictly prohibited.