Housing Attendant job at Emirates Park Resort
in Abu Dhabi, UAE
Working...
Remember me
|
Search for Jobs
All Countries (3659)
UAE (892)
Saudi Arabia (850)
Qatar (515)
Kuwait (463)
Lebanon (455)
Jordan (351)
Egypt (131)
Iraq (1)
Bahrain (1)
»
»
»
Housing Attendant
You must first
before applying to jobs.
Housing Attendant
Job Description and Requirements
Report on work in uniform and on time.
· Perform all duties and responsibilities in allotted period of time on the inspection schedule.
· Report all malfunction of equipment, damage on the building or any breakage in the Associate Housing.
· Help monitor the Rules and Regulations of the Associate housing and report any violation to the Housing Supervisor.
· Maintain the cleanliness of the public areas/hallways / toilets and other areas concern at all times.
· Ensure that all the preventive maintenance, are reported to the Maintenance Supervisor for proper disposal.
· Participate and help in the preparation of all recreational and social events at the Housing Sports activities.
· Adopt and maintain friendly manner with all the Housing Associates.
· Help in the periodical general cleaning and vacated rooms and other extra responsibilities.
· To ensure high quality of hospitality and positive concern to each associates.
· Perform any other duties and responsibilities as directed by the Housing Manager.
Other Benefits: Health Insurance, Accomodation and Service Charge
Experience: 1 - 2 years
Company:
Industry:
Other
Job Location:
Abu Dhabi, UAE
Career Level:
Junior (experienced non-manager)
Date Posted:
28-04-2014
Ref. Number:
41568
Communities:
Operations & Customer Service, Hospitality, Travel & Tourism
Sign Up Now
Email
Password
Password Confirmation
Must be between 4 and 40 characters.
Upload your CV Now
Upload CV now
Upload CV later
I have no CV and want to build one
Jobs by City
Jobs by Community
Jobs by Country
Akhtaboot is an online career network that is committed to providing a user-friendly, effective and efficient way of linking the right person to the right career opportunity.
Akhtaboot is currently the only career network in the Levant and GCC region utilizing Internet, radio, newspaper and magazine advertising for employer job vacancies.
Stay Connected with Akhtaboot
Blog
Akhtaboot Cares Initiative
The Akhtaboot Cares Initiative (ACI) is a comprehensive CSR program that was developed through partnerships with a number of organizations and educational institutions in the Middle East and GCC region.
|
|
|
|
®
Akhtaboot.com 2013