Product & Marketing Manager - Toshiba | AF Electronics Job in United Arab Emirates - Al Futtaim Group - Bayt.com
OK
Cancel
Loading...
Loading...
Jobs
Jobs
Salaries
People Companies Specialties
- All -
- All -Algeria (12)Bahrain (115)Dubai (1555)Egypt (501)Iraq (81)Jordan (391)Kuwait (742)Lebanon (250)Libya (16)Morocco (12)Oman (96)Pakistan (34)Qatar (1059)Saudi Arabia (2772)Sri Lanka (62)Tunisia (6)UAE (3585)Yemen (3)
Loading...
Menu - []
›
› Job Description
Product & Marketing Manager - Toshiba | AF Electronics
-
Gold Career Provider
This employer achieved a Gold Career Provider status based on their record of hiring on Bayt.com.
Date Posted: 2014/05/05 06:00:31
Ref. JB3047329
Job Description
About the Business:Al Futtaim Electronics one of the largest business houses in the Gulf. has been the sole distributor for Toshiba products in the UAE for over 31 years. Al-Futtaim Electronics - Toshiba has a wide range of products from state-of-the-art notebook computers to digital copiers, fax machines, consumer electronics including projections TVs, DVD players and home appliances.
About the Role:
The Product & Marketting Manager will be responsible for :
* Negotiating with vendor on launch titles and back-catalogues
* Securing vendor support for competitive cost prices in order to protect AFE business interests
* Securing vendor support towards marketing activities on launch titles and back-catalogues
* Planning of all launch activities with Vendor/Advertising agency/Channel partners
* Managing PSI for games basis vendor expectations, demand & feasibility towards AFE Top line & bottom line. Securing internal approvals on the same
* Preparing forecast with the vendor basis market demand & feasibility towards AFE Top line & bottom line
* Finalisation of the same with category manager
* Planning for Launch of new titles and closure on the same with the Vendor
* Developing and implementing strategies to maximize company's market penetration and profit on games
* Executing the product allocation across channels in order to achieve the product and channel mix goals
* Negotiations with vendor getting timely orders placed with support of operations
* Ensuring that all supplies are made in time by the vendor. Co-ordination with operations on the same
* Keeping the open orders in tact as per the requirements at all times
* Getting GIT shared with finance @ close of every month. Co-ordination with operations on the same
* Implementing the pricing of products for various channels in order to ensure gross margins and net profits
* Processing liquidation sheet for slow moving ageing stock (>90 days), damaged & open units in order to keep risk inventory in control
* Analysing sell out of all new launches and back-catalogues and taking appropriate steps to meet company objectives
* Sharing in-depth knowledge of games, trends and reviews with Sales team
* Preparing marketing plans for 1st & 3rd party games launch and secure approvals for the same with respective costing from publisher
* Creating promotional campaigns for specific titles including back-catalogues
* BTL planning, cost-benefit analysis and implementation of the same post relevant approvals
* Preparing demand forecasts based on feedback from channels to aid the purchase of products from vendors and share the same with category manager
* Ensuring that timely and relevant reports are prepared to provide management with an overview and facilitate decision making
Skills
About the Individual:
The individual applying to this role:
* Must have a University degree in advertising or a related discipline
* A post-graduate in marketing would be an advantage
* 2 Plus years of experience in product & marketing management of gaming products
* Knowledge of gaming products and allied technologies
Job Details
Job Location:
United Arab Emirates
Company Industry:
Marketing
Company Type:
Employer (Private Sector)
Job Role:
Management
Joining Date:
Unspecified
Employment Status:
Full time
Employment Type:
Employee
Monthly Salary Range:
Unspecified
Manages Others:
No
Number of Vacancies:
1
Preferred Candidate
Career Level:
Management
Years of Experience:
Unspecified
Residence Location:
Unspecified
Gender:
Unspecified
Nationality:
Unspecified
Degree:
Unspecified
About This Company
Established in the 1930s as a trading business, Al-Futtaim is one of the most progressive regional business houses headquartered in Dubai, United Arab Emirates.Structured into six divisions; automotive, retail, electronics, engineering and technology, real estate, financial services and general services, Al-Futtaim operates through more than 60 companies and maintains a decentralised approach, giving individual businesses flexibility and versatility to maintain a competitive stance. Employing in excess of 20,000 people across the UAE, Bahrain, Kuwait, Qatar, Oman, Egypt, Syria, Pakistan, Singapore and Europe, this approach benefits employees, providing a clearly defined work culture where individuals are empowered with authority and responsibility for their work. The success of Al-Futtaim is attributed to proactively managing change whilst upholding the values of integrity, service and social responsibility. The majority of businesses, built on a portfolio of world leading brands, dominate their sector.
Date Posted: 2014/05/05 06:00:31
Ref. JB3047329
Similar Jobs
Recommended Courses
Invite Your
Friends to Bayt.com
Find Jobs
About Bayt.com
Bayt.com is the leading job site in the Gulf and Middle East, connecting job seekers with employers looking to hire.
Every day, thousands of new job vacancies are listed on the award-winning platform from the region's top employers.
Company
Quick Links
Follow
© 2000-2014 Bayt.com, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
-
Reproduction of material from any Bayt.com pages without written permission is strictly prohibited.