Sales and Customer Service Specialist (x6) |
IKEA | Al Ain Job in Al Ain - Al Futtaim Group - Bayt.com
OK
Cancel
Loading...
Loading...
Jobs
Jobs
Salaries
People Companies Specialties
- All -
- All -Algeria (12)Bahrain (115)Dubai (1555)Egypt (501)Iraq (81)Jordan (391)Kuwait (742)Lebanon (250)Libya (16)Morocco (12)Oman (96)Pakistan (34)Qatar (1059)Saudi Arabia (2772)Sri Lanka (62)Tunisia (6)UAE (3585)Yemen (3)
Loading...
Menu - []
›
› Job Description
Sales and Customer Service Specialist (x6) |
IKEA | Al Ain
- ,
Gold Career Provider
This employer achieved a Gold Career Provider status based on their record of hiring on Bayt.com.
Date Posted: 2014/05/05 06:00:31
Ref. JB3047330
Job Description
About the Business:
One of the companies bearing Al-Futtaim name is IKEA.
IKEA is the world's largest home furnishings store, founded in Sweden over 60 years ago. Our operations around the world are constantly increasing with new stores and markets added to the success story.
At IKEA not only our furniture is down to earth, straightforward and inspiring, but so is our work ethics. Despite being the leading home furnishing retail franchisee across the world, we at IKEA still give you the room to grow! At IKEA "creating a better everyday life for the many" isn't only our vision, it's our way of life!
About the Job:
In this role you will be responsible for:
*  To establish rapport and credibility in assisting customers to purchase the company's product range whilst at the same time maintaining the company's standard of merchandising and ensuring stock availability to achieve sales target set by the company by going the extra mile to exceed expectations.
* To manage the kitchen department for an IKEA Store and ensure that all operational objectives are delivered taking into account quality, quantity and cost through development and execution of tactical and operational initiatives.
* To assist, control and manage the execution of pre-determined tasks within the CS Department. To monitor and control day to day job tasks and ensure service performance standards.
Skills
About You:
* Strategic Planning and Analytical Skills
* Sales Driven
* Customer Focus
* Multi-tasking focus
* Positive and passionate individual
* Effective Communication
* MS Office Excel
* Preferably Arabic Speaker
Job Details
Job Location:
Al Ain, United Arab Emirates
Company Industry:
Accounting/Auditing
Company Type:
Employer (Private Sector)
Job Role:
Administration
Joining Date:
Unspecified
Employment Status:
Unspecified
Employment Type:
Unspecified
Monthly Salary Range:
Unspecified
Manages Others:
No
Number of Vacancies:
1
Preferred Candidate
Career Level:
Mid Career
Years of Experience:
Unspecified
Residence Location:
Unspecified
Gender:
Unspecified
Nationality:
Unspecified
Degree:
Unspecified
About This Company
Established in the 1930s as a trading business, Al-Futtaim is one of the most progressive regional business houses headquartered in Dubai, United Arab Emirates.Structured into six divisions; automotive, retail, electronics, engineering and technology, real estate, financial services and general services, Al-Futtaim operates through more than 60 companies and maintains a decentralised approach, giving individual businesses flexibility and versatility to maintain a competitive stance. Employing in excess of 20,000 people across the UAE, Bahrain, Kuwait, Qatar, Oman, Egypt, Syria, Pakistan, Singapore and Europe, this approach benefits employees, providing a clearly defined work culture where individuals are empowered with authority and responsibility for their work. The success of Al-Futtaim is attributed to proactively managing change whilst upholding the values of integrity, service and social responsibility. The majority of businesses, built on a portfolio of world leading brands, dominate their sector.
Date Posted: 2014/05/05 06:00:31
Ref. JB3047330
Recommended Courses
Invite Your
Friends to Bayt.com
Find Jobs
About Bayt.com
Bayt.com is the leading job site in the Gulf and Middle East, connecting job seekers with employers looking to hire.
Every day, thousands of new job vacancies are listed on the award-winning platform from the region's top employers.
Company
Quick Links
Follow
© 2000-2014 Bayt.com, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
-
Reproduction of material from any Bayt.com pages without written permission is strictly prohibited.