Customer Service Assistant (x7) | IKEA | Al Ain Job in Al Ain - Al Futtaim Group - Bayt.com
OK
Cancel
Loading...
Loading...
Jobs
Jobs
Salaries
People Companies Specialties
- All -
- All -Algeria (12)Bahrain (115)Dubai (1555)Egypt (501)Iraq (81)Jordan (391)Kuwait (742)Lebanon (250)Libya (16)Morocco (12)Oman (96)Pakistan (34)Qatar (1059)Saudi Arabia (2772)Sri Lanka (62)Tunisia (6)UAE (3585)Yemen (3)
Loading...
Menu - []
›
› Job Description
Customer Service Assistant (x7) | IKEA | Al Ain
- ,
Gold Career Provider
This employer achieved a Gold Career Provider status based on their record of hiring on Bayt.com.
Date Posted: 2014/05/05 06:00:31
Ref. JB3047328
Job Description
About the Business:
One of the companies bearing Al-Futtaim name is IKEA.
IKEA is the world's largest home furnishings store, founded in Sweden over 60 years ago. Our operations around the world are constantly increasing with new stores and markets added to the success story.
At IKEA not only our furniture is down to earth, straightforward and inspiring, but so is our work ethics. Despite being the leading home furnishing retail franchisee across the world, we at IKEA still give you the room to grow! At IKEA "creating a better everyday life for the many" isn't only our vision, it's our way of life!
About the Job:
In this role you will be responsible for:
* Assisting in various customer service functions such as reception, telephone answering, handling customer complaints, goods collection, home delivery, exchange and refund, in a friendly and professional manner
* Ensuring receipt of cash, cheques etc. from all showroom transactions are properly completed and recorded; and such assets are held in safe custody within the company
* Ensuring shopping tools and catalogues are available for the customers
* Ensuring that all children are cared for and safety rules are followed and adhered to and the control over children is maintained
* Ensuring that customers are dealt with in a prompt and courteous manner to ensure maximum customer satisfaction
* Controlling all cash, credit card and foreign currency at the end of the day onto relevant documents
Skills
About You:
To be successful in winning this role, you will be able to demonstrate:
* Customer service skills
* Excellent communication and negotiation skills ideally in multiple languages
* Familiarity with computer use
* Good presentation and excellent personal organisation
* A passion for the retail industry
* Comfort with shifts
* Comfort with physical work
* Ability to work in a team
* Flexibility and punctuality
Job Details
Job Location:
Al Ain, United Arab Emirates
Company Industry:
Accounting/Auditing
Company Type:
Employer (Private Sector)
Job Role:
Administration
Joining Date:
Unspecified
Employment Status:
Unspecified
Employment Type:
Unspecified
Monthly Salary Range:
Unspecified
Manages Others:
No
Number of Vacancies:
1
Preferred Candidate
Career Level:
Student/Internship
Years of Experience:
Unspecified
Residence Location:
Unspecified
Gender:
Unspecified
Nationality:
Unspecified
Degree:
Unspecified
About This Company
Established in the 1930s as a trading business, Al-Futtaim is one of the most progressive regional business houses headquartered in Dubai, United Arab Emirates.Structured into six divisions; automotive, retail, electronics, engineering and technology, real estate, financial services and general services, Al-Futtaim operates through more than 60 companies and maintains a decentralised approach, giving individual businesses flexibility and versatility to maintain a competitive stance. Employing in excess of 20,000 people across the UAE, Bahrain, Kuwait, Qatar, Oman, Egypt, Syria, Pakistan, Singapore and Europe, this approach benefits employees, providing a clearly defined work culture where individuals are empowered with authority and responsibility for their work. The success of Al-Futtaim is attributed to proactively managing change whilst upholding the values of integrity, service and social responsibility. The majority of businesses, built on a portfolio of world leading brands, dominate their sector.
Date Posted: 2014/05/05 06:00:31
Ref. JB3047328
Recommended Courses
Invite Your
Friends to Bayt.com
Find Jobs
About Bayt.com
Bayt.com is the leading job site in the Gulf and Middle East, connecting job seekers with employers looking to hire.
Every day, thousands of new job vacancies are listed on the award-winning platform from the region's top employers.
Company
Quick Links
Follow
© 2000-2014 Bayt.com, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
-
Reproduction of material from any Bayt.com pages without written permission is strictly prohibited.