Data Entry Assistant (x2) | IKEA | Al Ain Job in Al Ain - Al Futtaim Group - Bayt.com
OK
Cancel
Loading...
Loading...
Jobs
Jobs
Salaries
People Companies Specialties
- All -
- All -Algeria (12)Bahrain (115)Dubai (1555)Egypt (501)Iraq (81)Jordan (391)Kuwait (742)Lebanon (250)Libya (16)Morocco (12)Oman (96)Pakistan (34)Qatar (1059)Saudi Arabia (2772)Sri Lanka (62)Tunisia (6)UAE (3585)Yemen (3)
Loading...
Menu - []
›
› Job Description
Data Entry Assistant (x2) | IKEA | Al Ain
- ,
Gold Career Provider
This employer achieved a Gold Career Provider status based on their record of hiring on Bayt.com.
Date Posted: 2014/05/05 06:00:31
Ref. JB3047327
Job Description
About the company:
One of the companies bearing Al-Futtaim name is IKEA.
IKEA is the world's largest home furnishings store, founded in Sweden over 60 years ago. Our operations around the world are constantly increasing with new stores and markets added to the success story.
At IKEA not only our furniture is down to earth, straightforward and inspiring, but so is our work ethics. Despite being the leading home furnishing retail franchisee across the world, we at IKEA still give you the room to grow! At IKEA "creating a better everyday life for the many" isn't only our vision, it's our way of life!
About the role:
We are seeking to hire a Data Entry Assistant for IKEA store in Al Ain. In this role, you will support the store and the inventory controller in his mission to accurately maintain the store inventory integrity and to provide the highest possible service levels to our internal and external customers.
Key responsibilities:
* Creating all container manifests for goods receiving and hand over manifest and labels to the checking team
* Performing all system related goods receiving functions
* Creating a picking lists for out bound shipments
* Creating and confirming all outbound shipments and preparing the necessary release documents after checking the physical stock
* Completing all system entries for internal transfers to the specified locations and bins on a daily basis
* Sending orders to the retail warehouse
* Reporting all KPI's to the inventory controller with regards to internal and external replenishment and exceptions noticed pertaining to the same
* Sending all documentation to the sales team pertaining to in deliveries to prepare the sales space for replenishment
* Filing of all documents for further reference as per audit guidelines
Skills
About you:
To be successful in winning this role, you will be able to demonstrate:
* Advanced MS Excel skills
* Excellent communication skills
* Good presentation and excellent personal organisation
* Attention to details
* Numerical skills
* Ability to work in a team
* Flexibility and punctuality
* Knowledge of NAVISION operating system will be an advantage
Job Details
Job Location:
Al Ain, United Arab Emirates
Company Industry:
Retail/Wholesale
Company Type:
Employer (Private Sector)
Job Role:
Sales
Joining Date:
Unspecified
Employment Status:
Unspecified
Employment Type:
Unspecified
Monthly Salary Range:
Unspecified
Manages Others:
No
Number of Vacancies:
1
Preferred Candidate
Career Level:
Mid Career
Years of Experience:
Unspecified
Residence Location:
Unspecified
Gender:
Unspecified
Nationality:
Unspecified
Degree:
Unspecified
About This Company
Established in the 1930s as a trading business, Al-Futtaim is one of the most progressive regional business houses headquartered in Dubai, United Arab Emirates.Structured into six divisions; automotive, retail, electronics, engineering and technology, real estate, financial services and general services, Al-Futtaim operates through more than 60 companies and maintains a decentralised approach, giving individual businesses flexibility and versatility to maintain a competitive stance. Employing in excess of 20,000 people across the UAE, Bahrain, Kuwait, Qatar, Oman, Egypt, Syria, Pakistan, Singapore and Europe, this approach benefits employees, providing a clearly defined work culture where individuals are empowered with authority and responsibility for their work. The success of Al-Futtaim is attributed to proactively managing change whilst upholding the values of integrity, service and social responsibility. The majority of businesses, built on a portfolio of world leading brands, dominate their sector.
Date Posted: 2014/05/05 06:00:31
Ref. JB3047327
Recommended Courses
Invite Your
Friends to Bayt.com
Find Jobs
About Bayt.com
Bayt.com is the leading job site in the Gulf and Middle East, connecting job seekers with employers looking to hire.
Every day, thousands of new job vacancies are listed on the award-winning platform from the region's top employers.
Company
Quick Links
Follow
© 2000-2014 Bayt.com, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
-
Reproduction of material from any Bayt.com pages without written permission is strictly prohibited.