Corporate Sales Manager Job in Dubai - Spadamco Holdings LTD - Bayt.com
OK
Cancel
Loading...
Loading...
Jobs
Jobs
Salaries
People Companies Specialties
- All -
- All -Algeria (12)Bahrain (115)Dubai (1555)Egypt (501)Iraq (81)Jordan (391)Kuwait (742)Lebanon (250)Libya (16)Morocco (12)Oman (96)Pakistan (34)Qatar (1059)Saudi Arabia (2772)Sri Lanka (62)Tunisia (6)UAE (3585)Yemen (3)
Loading...
Menu - []
›
› Job Description
Corporate Sales Manager
- ,
Date Posted: 2014/05/05 05:47:36
Ref. JB3047320
Job Description
The Corporate Sales Manager is responsible for developing the turnover for our French brand; LA CURE GOURMANDE throughout the region, based on predefined objectives and budgets.
Commercial Duties:
Conduct market visits in the region in order to keep all parties informed of key trade and competitor developments
Prepare the yearly budget (internal) and by season according to the previous season sell out
Enter all the related orders in the system
Develop country specific strategies and plans dependent on local market place and the competitive environment
Liaise with the supplier / client
Building long term relationships with the client
Assess monthly the P&L; of the brand ensuring profitability
Ensure that the brand achieve its monthly and annual budgets
Follow up closely all clients’ accounts in terms of ordering, budgets, stock and retail pricing
Solve all problems related to the commercial, logistic and marketing side of the assigned brand (goods to be returned, quality problems, payments…)
Follow up the sales versus targets, versus budget
Follow up of credit collection and overdue invoices settlement
Approach new clients, seeks new accounts and quotes special enquiries to ensure dynamic growth of the brand
Developing sustainable pipelines that results in new account acquisitions
Check and maintains high quality merchandising of all outlets and study the market condition, competition and opportunities
Negotiate current and new proposed point of sales in terms of location, profitability, and exposure and market share
Producing customer specific proposals, attending customer meetings and presentations
Present the new products and collections to customers
Co-operate with the Marketing team.
Prepare and present the weekly/monthly sales reports to the Managing Director
Skills
Sales Management
Key Account Management
Strategic Planing
Strategic Marketing
Customer Retention
Time Management
Business Planing
Negotiation
Forecasting
Revenue Analysis
Retail Sales
This job is posted in the following Specialties:
Education
Business Management Desgree
Job Details
Job Location:
Dubai, United Arab Emirates
Company Industry:
Retail/Wholesale; FMCG; Real Estate
Company Type:
Employer (Private Sector)
Job Role:
Sales
Joining Date:
Unspecified
Employment Status:
Full time
Employment Type:
Employee
Monthly Salary Range:
Unspecified
Manages Others:
Yes
Number of Vacancies:
1
Preferred Candidate
Career Level:
Management
Years of Experience:
Min: 2 Max: 7
Residence Location:
United Arab Emirates
Gender:
Unspecified
Nationality:
Albania; Algeria; Austria; Bahrain; Belarus; Belgium; Bosnia and Herzegovina; Bulgaria; Comoros; Croatia (Hrvatska); Czech Republic; Denmark; Djibouti; Egypt; Estonia; Finland; France; Germany; Great Britain (UK); Greece; Hungary; Iceland; Iraq; Ireland; Italy; Jordan; Kosovo; Kuwait; Latvia; Lebanon; Libya; Lithuania; Luxembourg; Macedonia; Mauritania; Moldova; Montenegro; Morocco; Netherlands; Norway; Oman; Palestine; Poland; Portugal; Qatar; Romania; Russian Federation; Saudi Arabia; Serbia; Slovak Republic; Slovenia; Somalia; Spain; Sudan; Sweden; Switzerland; Syria; Tunisia; Ukraine; United Arab Emirates; Yemen
Degree:
Master's degree
About This Company
Founded in 1992, Spadamco Holdings Limited is a privately owned, regional holding company, with interests across a wide range of industries. From the start, our goal has been the constant pursuit of excellence, in everything that we do. Spadamco’s strong association with luxury is well deserved, as we have continued to bring world-class F&B; and retail brands, such as La Cure Gourmande, The Caviar House and Prunier and Osh Kosh B’Gosh to the GCC region. Within the engineering world, our organization, Applied Corrosion Technology, has grown into a regional leader in anti-corrosion services. Despite all of this, the quest for excellence is still at the core of everything we do at Spadamco, and our experienced management team is constantly seeking new and innovative ways to improve our products and services. ®
Date Posted: 2014/05/05 05:47:36
Ref. JB3047320
Similar Jobs
Recommended Courses
Invite Your
Friends to Bayt.com
Find Jobs
About Bayt.com
Bayt.com is the leading job site in the Gulf and Middle East, connecting job seekers with employers looking to hire.
Every day, thousands of new job vacancies are listed on the award-winning platform from the region's top employers.
Company
Quick Links
Follow
© 2000-2014 Bayt.com, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
-
Reproduction of material from any Bayt.com pages without written permission is strictly prohibited.