alJazeera Jobs - Assistant/Associate Professors -- Mathematics & Statistics (Aug. 2014/Jan. 2015)
Jobs in Qatar, Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, Oman, Bahrain, Dubai, Abu Dhabi by alJazeera Jobs
Select Language
English
Francais
Deutsch
عربي
Español
Português
Русский
Nederlands
Türkçe
اردو
Contact alJazeera Jobs Bahrain: (+973) 16199-113
Serving Arabian Gulf Job Seekers since 2007, alJazeera Jobs
is the established, trusted and leading provider of Jobs in
, , , ,
and .
Subscribe to our custom developed Candidate
Management Service to proactively place your details in Arabic
and English into the HR systems of the leading employers in
the Gulf. Jump to the head of the queue and get hired, sign-up
.
JOB SEARCH
I'm looking for...
In location
Select Country
Saudi Arabia
UAE
Kuwait
Qatar
Bahrain
Oman
other
ACCOUNT MANAGEMENT:
|
Assistant/Associate Professors -- Mathematics & Statistics (Aug. 2014/Jan. 2015)
04 May 2014 11:39 PM - UAE
. The University:Zayed University, a premier university in the United Arab Emirates, is an innovative institution based on an international model of higher education. The University has experienced rapid growth and currently has over 900 faculty and staff, serving approximately 8,500 undergraduate and 1,000 graduate students on its campuses in Abu Dhabi and Dubai. Zayed University prepares graduates to become leaders in government, business, civil society and family life and to contribute to building a knowledge-based economy and society. The University expects its graduates to be fully bilingual in English and Arabic, proficient in the use of computing technology and strong in quantitative and research skills. The primary language of instruction and administration at the University is English. Zayed University is fully accredited in the U.A.E., as well as by the Middle States Commission on Higher Education in the U.S.The United Arab Emirates is a progressive country, known for its high standard of living and its safe and family-friendly environment.The Department:The Department of Mathematics and Statistics is one of four departments in University College. Through its innovative general education core curriculum, the Colloquy on Integrated Learning, University College offers students a high quality, foundational, liberal arts program, designed to prepare them for their future majors and professional careers. The experience engenders critical thinking, instills a desire for lifelong learning and fosters intellectual curiosity. The Colloquy Program initiates the baccalaureate careers of all ZU students and has as its goal to build students’ understanding of their relation to the world and to equip them to be successful at the University, in their professions and in their personal lives, through an integrated, skill-rich, interdisciplinary core curriculum.The Department of Mathematics and Statistics is responsible for providing learning opportunities through which students develop their quantitative reasoning competency in the general education program. Departmental instruction ensures that students meet the University’s standards of Critical Thinking and Quantitative Reasoning, a Zayed University Learning Outcome. We offer a minor in Mathematics and support courses for Mathematics Education and other programs across the University. Faculty teach twelve credit hours per week; they are expected to have a modest pace of engagement with their discipline/profession; and, are expected to be active members of the University and College community. The Opportunity:The Department of Mathematics and Statistics is seeking Assistant/Associate Professors of Mathematics or Mathematics Education, who will contribute to the general education level of mathematics and information technology learning. The successful candidates will demonstrate excellence in student-centered teaching. University College is committed to student success and seeks faculty who are committed to ensuring it. Faculty members conversant with the use of iPads, authoring iBooks and who are tech-savvy in the classroom, are particularly encouraged to apply.Successful applicants will be expected to make contributions to a cyclical process of learning outcomes assessment and curricular revision; it is expected that they will be involved in the design and development of new courses. This is a unique opportunity to join a progressive Department that is actively working to enhance the education of young people in one of the world’s most dynamic nations.The Requirements (For Each Position):A Ph.D. in Mathematics/Mathematics Education from a recognized university.Commitment to innovative quantitative-reasoning pedagogies and student-centered learning.Evidence of commitment to excellence in classroom teaching.Evidence of student-centered approaches to skills development in reading, writing and critical thinking.Ability to engage with the challenges and opportunities of teaching in an EFL environment.Experience in working with second-language learners or in international contexts is an asset.The ability to integrate computer technology into the curriculum.A demonstrated interest in promoting mathematics to non-majors.Experience working with faculty teams on multi-section courses.Fluency in English is compulsory and the ability to work among diverse cultures is essential.The Benefits:The University’s benefits package is highly attractive, with competitive salaries free of tax in the United Arab Emirates, housing, furniture allowances, annual vacation airline tickets for employees and their immediate family members, educational subsidies for children and subsidized healthcare provided to the employees and their sponsored family members.To Apply:Please visit our website (www.zu.ac.ae) and click on "Employment" to be directed to the recruitment website. In addition to completing the online application form, kindly attach a cover letter, a current CV and the names and contact details of three professional references.Review Process:Review (more...)
AC
Advertisement
|
|
|
|
|
All rights reserved - AlJazeeraJobs ® is a registered trade mark and unauthorised usage is strictly prohibited.
|
, , , , ,