alJazeera Jobs - Commercial Business Analyst
Jobs in Qatar, Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, Oman, Bahrain, Dubai, Abu Dhabi by alJazeera Jobs
Select Language
English
Francais
Deutsch
عربي
Español
Português
Русский
Nederlands
Türkçe
اردو
Contact alJazeera Jobs Bahrain: (+973) 16199-113
Serving Arabian Gulf Job Seekers since 2007, alJazeera Jobs
is the established, trusted and leading provider of Jobs in
, , , ,
and .
Subscribe to our custom developed Candidate
Management Service to proactively place your details in Arabic
and English into the HR systems of the leading employers in
the Gulf. Jump to the head of the queue and get hired, sign-up
.
JOB SEARCH
I'm looking for...
In location
Select Country
Saudi Arabia
UAE
Kuwait
Qatar
Bahrain
Oman
other
ACCOUNT MANAGEMENT:
|
Commercial Business Analyst
04 May 2014 09:19 PM - UAE
Job Description: Commercial Business Analyst - 140003PYJob PurposeProvide the necessary data interrogation and analysis to support the activity of the Business Intelligence; Sales Steering and Commercial Support department. Analyse passenger; flight; channel/segment and industry data to create a holistic view of the Emirates Airline business in the context of the wider industry. Create the framework for the publication and automation of scheduled periodic reports to all stakeholders. Use technical and commercial knowledge to create new mechanisms for capturing and reporting information. Qualifications & Experience•Honours Degree in one of the following subjects: Economics; Business Administration or Operations Research. •5 Years experience of working in a commercial environment; with responsibility for providing management reporting incorporating sales forecasting; diagnostics; trend analysis and competitor insight. •Excellent analytical ability and attention to detail; with an understanding of data processing and information systems; tools and applications for airline marketing. •Highly developed interpersonal skills and able to interact effectively with all divisions of the Commercial Operations department. •Excellent report writing skills and strong command of written and spoken English. •Demonstrated experience at working with multiple data interrogation tools to create tools for distribution to wide user groups.•Significant experience working with Business Intelligence systems; and other relevant tools and applications; and an ability to interrogate these systems for detailed market; route and class analysis. •Experience of conducting analysis in an airline would be preferable.  Salary & Benefits:We offer an attractive tax-free salary, paid in Dirhams, the local currency of the UAE. Besides generous travel benefits normally associated with an airline. To Apply:Please submit your application before 18th May 2014 23:59 GMT + 3 hoursAbout EmiratesTomorrow you could be living in dynamic Dubai and earning a tax-free salary with global benefits. Starting with two aircraft and a handful of enthusiastic people, we have grown at a phenomenal rate. We are now one of the fastest growing airlines in the world, flying to over 125 destinations across 6 continents.We are looking for people to join our global family of over 54,000 people from 160 nationalities across a diverse range of disciplines. If you are a high performer, seeking unparalleled
(more...)
AJS
Advertisement
|
|
|
|
|
All rights reserved - AlJazeeraJobs ® is a registered trade mark and unauthorised usage is strictly prohibited.
|
, , , , ,