alJazeera Jobs - Travel Document Checker/Profiler
Jobs in Qatar, Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, Oman, Bahrain, Dubai, Abu Dhabi by alJazeera Jobs
Select Language
English
Francais
Deutsch
عربي
Español
Português
Русский
Nederlands
Türkçe
اردو
Contact alJazeera Jobs Bahrain: (+973) 16199-113
Serving Arabian Gulf Job Seekers since 2007, alJazeera Jobs
is the established, trusted and leading provider of Jobs in
, , , ,
and .
Subscribe to our custom developed Candidate
Management Service to proactively place your details in Arabic
and English into the HR systems of the leading employers in
the Gulf. Jump to the head of the queue and get hired, sign-up
.
JOB SEARCH
I'm looking for...
In location
Select Country
Saudi Arabia
UAE
Kuwait
Qatar
Bahrain
Oman
other
ACCOUNT MANAGEMENT:
|
Travel Document Checker/Profiler
04 May 2014 09:19 PM - UAE
Job Description: Job PurposeThe Position:  In this role you will have the responsibility for monitoring flights and inspecting passenger documents for possible inadmissible passengers traveling to Emirates locations network wide. You will also be required liaise with Immigration Authorities to ensure the carriage of inadmissible passengers does not occur.Qualifications & ExperienceIn order to apply for this role you must have the following:Qualifications:•High School 'O' Levels, with at least 5 years experience in security or the aviation industry. Experience: •At least 2 years experience working in the capacity of document checking/profiling would be a distinct advantage. •Thorough and technical knowledge of all types of Passports, Visas and International Travel Documents is required. •Experience of airline operations is required. •Only candidates with a high degree of expertise in detecting questionable Passports and Visas will be considered. •A high level of customer service, interpersonal skills and diplomacy is essential due to the sensitive nature and impact of dealing with passengers at the boarding gates.Salary & Benefits:We offer an attractive tax-free salary, paid in Dirhams, the local currency of the UAE. Besides generous travel benefits normally associated with an airline. To Apply:Please submit your application before 30th MAy 2014 23:59 GMT + 3 hoursAbout EmiratesTomorrow you could be living in dynamic Dubai and earning a tax-free salary with global benefits. Starting with two aircraft and a handful of enthusiastic people, we have grown at a phenomenal rate. We are now one of the fastest growing airlines in the world, flying to over 125 destinations across 6 continents.We are looking for people to join our global family of over 54,000 people from 160 nationalities across a diverse range of disciplines. If you are a high performer, seeking unparalleled
(more...)
AJS
Advertisement
|
|
|
|
|
All rights reserved - AlJazeeraJobs ® is a registered trade mark and unauthorised usage is strictly prohibited.
|
, , , , ,