alJazeera Jobs - Human Resources Trainee (Administration) - Crowne Plaza Abu Dhabi Yas Island
Jobs in Qatar, Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, Oman, Bahrain, Dubai, Abu Dhabi by alJazeera Jobs
Select Language
English
Francais
Deutsch
عربي
Español
Português
Русский
Nederlands
Türkçe
اردو
Contact alJazeera Jobs Bahrain: (+973) 16199-113
Serving Arabian Gulf Job Seekers since 2007, alJazeera Jobs
is the established, trusted and leading provider of Jobs in
, , , ,
and .
Subscribe to our custom developed Candidate
Management Service to proactively place your details in Arabic
and English into the HR systems of the leading employers in
the Gulf. Jump to the head of the queue and get hired, sign-up
.
JOB SEARCH
I'm looking for...
In location
Select Country
Saudi Arabia
UAE
Kuwait
Qatar
Bahrain
Oman
other
ACCOUNT MANAGEMENT:
|
Human Resources Trainee (Administration) - Crowne Plaza Abu Dhabi Yas Island
04 May 2014 08:39 PM - UAE
. CrownePlaza® hotels lookfor people who excel in their role, and are committed to delivering excellentexperiences for guests. People who create confidence, encourage success andmake it happen!
What's yourpassion? Whether you're into polka, painting or polo at InterContinental HotelGroup (IHG) we're interested in YOU! We employ people who apply the same amountof care and passion to their jobs as they do their hobbies - people who put ourguests at the heart of everything they do. And we're looking for more peoplelike this to join our friendly and professional team.
Set on thebanks of the creek and along the Links Championship Golf Course, CrownePlaza hotel is located at on one of the country's most ambitiousdevelopments, Yas Island. The close proximity to the airport and only 40minutes into Abu Dhabi City makes this prime location an easy accessible choicefor business & leisure travelers.
Weare currently looking to recruit a Human Resources trainee (Administration) who will be supportingthe Human Resources team with administrative tasks for a six month period startingJune 2014.
The Human Resources trainee is in charge to schedulevaccination and medical appointments to ensure all visas can be processed ontime.
Further, the Human Resources trainee handles allinsurance related tasks such as addition and deletion of members as well asclaims and ensures all HACCP requirements are met.
Lastly the traineeensures the First Aid boxes in the hotel are refilled to comply with the EHSpolicy. The trainee assists with other Human Resources duties as assigned.
This internshipneeds to be officially approved by the candidate’s school/university.
You need to be a people personfocused on colleagues’ satisfaction. Fluency in English with excellent administrativeand organizational skills are required.
Inreturn we offer competitive pay and benefits, and a chance to work with a greatteam of talented people. Most importantly, we'll give you the Room to beyourself.
So what's your passion? Please get in touch if this positionmatches your skills a (more...)
GC
Advertisement
|
|
|
|
|
All rights reserved - AlJazeeraJobs ® is a registered trade mark and unauthorised usage is strictly prohibited.
|
, , , , ,