alJazeera Jobs - Recreation - Spa Therapist
Jobs in Qatar, Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, Oman, Bahrain, Dubai, Abu Dhabi by alJazeera Jobs
Select Language
English
Francais
Deutsch
عربي
Español
Português
Русский
Nederlands
Türkçe
اردو
Contact alJazeera Jobs Bahrain: (+973) 16199-113
Serving Arabian Gulf Job Seekers since 2007, alJazeera Jobs
is the established, trusted and leading provider of Jobs in
, , , ,
and .
Subscribe to our custom developed Candidate
Management Service to proactively place your details in Arabic
and English into the HR systems of the leading employers in
the Gulf. Jump to the head of the queue and get hired, sign-up
.
JOB SEARCH
I'm looking for...
In location
Select Country
Saudi Arabia
UAE
Kuwait
Qatar
Bahrain
Oman
other
ACCOUNT MANAGEMENT:
|
Recreation - Spa Therapist
04 May 2014 08:39 PM - UAE
.
Recreation - Spa Therapist Al Ghurair Rayhaan by Rotana We are currently looking for young, dynamic, self motivated Recreation professionals who want to move their careers forward. As a Spa Therapist you are responsible to coordinate with the Head Therapist on the daily operation of the department, delivering high standard of spa treatments and services to all guests, whereby your role will include key responsibilities such as: •Liaise with the whole spa team and deal with queries in a professional and effective manner •Perform massage sessions to members and guests in accordance with the massage schedule •Assist if required with contact and correspondence to guests •Prepare for and execute of spa services to all guests •Conduct body and treatment evaluation / reassessments for members and guests on a regular basis with regards to the standards required •Participate in promotional events and spa demonstrations •Ensure spa operation follows SOP guidelines and regulations •Handle customer complaints and therapy queries •Provide usage reports on therapy services and ensure therapy room cleanliness at all times •Control the stock and inventory for therapy products and spa consumables Skills Education, Qualifications & Experiences You should be a certified Spa Therapist with ideally internationally experiences within the same role in a hotel or spa environment. You should be able to do over 5 types of massage therapies and preferably have knowledge in reflexology and mud wraps. Good written and verbal English communication skills and strong interpersonal are essentials. Knowledge & Competencies The ideal candidate will be a hands-on professional with a good spa background and a true passion to serve and ‘make others feel good’ through excellent customer care. You will be a positive, pleasant and approachable individual with the ability to lead, motivate and improvise in all situations and you should possess following competencies: Understanding Hotel Operations Teamwork Pla (more...)
GC
Advertisement
|
|
|
|
|
All rights reserved - AlJazeeraJobs ® is a registered trade mark and unauthorised usage is strictly prohibited.
|
, , , , ,