Independent Verification Engineer job in UAE | Job ID: 949796 | oil and gas Job Search
Independent Verification Engineer job in UAE
Rate
Type
Permanent
Location
UAE
Region
Abu Dhabi
Town
Abu Dhabi
Required Residency
Posted By
DNV GL
Date Posted
5 May 2014
Expiry Date
5 Jun 2014
Job Reference
IVE
Job Description
Independent Verification Engineer (Mechanical-Static & Process Piping)
Basic Functions/ Primary Accountabilities/Responsibilities
Responsible for conducting independent verification body (IVB) activities, relevant to discipline, comprising of review & verification of Safety Critical Elements (SCEs) & Performance Standards (PS), development of examination & verification schemes for Safety Critical Elements, verification of safety critical elements as per performance standard requirements during design/ procurement/ construction/ commissioning & operational phases, identification of gaps & deficiencies and the associated risk, identification of the necessary remedial actions and reporting.
Project management & preparation of estimations for verification and related services.
Critical Qualification/Skills/Leadership Criteria
Minimum qualification BSc in Mechanical/Metallurgy with relevant experience in the onshore and offshore Oil & Gas Industry.
A minimum of 8 year experience in Oil and Gas Industry, 3 years of which in Design and/or Verification
Should be able to establish cost-time-resource estimates for verification and related services.
Should have strong interpersonal and communicative skills.
Should have strong technical report writing skills.
and 3 years in construction or surveillance of construction/in-service inspections/verification.
Should be familiar & have experience with the requirements of national/international oil companies for conducting Independent Verification Services.
Should have a sound understanding of the legislative definitions and requirements relating to major accident hazards, safety-critical elements, performance standards and verification schemes.
Should have an adequate appreciation of the ‘Major Accident Hazards’ and the related function of the safety-critical elements identified for the subject installation.
Should have experience with preparation of ‘Performance Standards’ or be capable of reviewing & identifying deficiencies in the ‘Performance Standard’ requirements and exercise professional judgements in their application to each safety-critical element.
Should have conceptual knowledge of the ‘Safety Case’ for installations including an understanding of the installation’s workings and interactions with other installations.
Should have detailed technical knowledge in mechanical / piping and process equipment and associated safety systems.
Should be able to examine mechanical / piping and process equipment and associated safety systems against the requirements of the installation specific Performance Standards.
Should be capable of exercising informed and prudent judgement in matters of design, construction, installation, commissioning, test, maintenance and repair of safety critical elements.
Should be capable of reviewing/verifying records/documents against the requirements of the installation specific Performance Standards and identifying remedial actions where appropriate.
Be familiar with SCR, DCR, PFEER, MAR & PSR UK Regulations and associated guidance. Knowledge of ADNOC-COP, SCR, PFEER and DCR regulations will be preferred.
Should be capable of reviewing/verifying PFD and P&IDs, data sheets/specification of process systems/ equipment.
Should be capable of reviewing/verifying process design basis and philosophies for static mechanical equipment (pressure vessels, heat exchangers, process piping, tanks, boilers etc.).
Should have sound knowledge in mechanical safety equipment and systems (Process & Pipelines Valves, Flare Systems, PSVs, Orifices, Flow Control Valves etc.)
Should have experience in installation, commissioning, testing, inspection etc. of process equipment. Should be able to establish cost-time-resource estimates for verification and related services.Should have strong interpersonal and communicative skills.
Should have strong technical report writing skills.
Qualifications
Bachelors Degree or equivalent, Bachelors Degree or equivalent
Find Related oil and gas Jobs
Latest DNV GL Jobs
Related Job Searches
© 2014 Copyright Oil and Gas Job Search.com Limited :: Part of The Jobsearch Group
Follow us
--Web2--