Finance Coordinator in International Organization
Welcome Guest
|
|
Email
Password
Registered Users
1,204,173
Posted Jobs
33,814
Finance Coordinator
International Organization
Posted :29 April, 2014
2,028 views
Job Location: KarachiCountry: PakistanPositions: 1Job Type: Contractual
Department / Job Category: Community, Social Services, and Nonprofit
Last Date: 29 May, 2014
Relevant Experience:
Minimum qualification required ACCA/CA/MBA finance.
At least six years’ experience working on accounting/financial management of development programs.
Demonstrable financial management experience managing USAID-funded grants programs.
Demonstrated experience in working with local Implementing partners.
Experience in field based accounting required.
Experience with computerized accounting essential.
Experience with grants management preferred.
Experience in the region preferred.
Strong organizational and leadership skills.
Job Description:
Financial Management
Supervise and ensure day-to-day accounting operations & financial management functions of the field office, are performed in compliance with internal and donor’s policies and procedures.
Ensure funds’ availability and verify that all procurement and Grants-under-Contract actions are compliant with internal financial management guidelines prior to payments.
Maintains Field Office system of accounts ensuring all accounting data is updated, reconciled and fully supported on daily basis.
Ensure timely processing of field staff payroll, allowances and other reimbursements.
Conduct pre-award assessment surveys of potential grantees’ under the contract before authorizing award in order to ensure their capacity and capability of handling donor funds.
Oversee financial and administrative functions of the execution of grants to all local implementing partners.
Monitor program and operational forecasting, establish & maintain cash controls to ensure adequate funds.
Staff Management
Lead a team of finance professionals responsible for accounting and financial management of Field Office.
Manage the finance team in an effective manner to accomplish the department goals and objectives.
Develop staff by encouraging individuals to be self-motivated and take responsibility for their contributions to the finance team.
Conduct timely performance reviews and provide performance feedback/training.
Financial Reporting
Manages the finance department of the Field Office to meet the financial reporting requirements, ensuring that all financial reports are submitted on or before the deadlines.
Produce segregated finance records at the request of Director Finance and Compliance such as expenses for specific locations or grants.
Ensure accurate and smooth month and year-end closing and reporting within the agreed schedules.
Provide financial status of project expenses and budget information, as and when required by DCOP and Director Finance and Compliance.
Budgeting
Assist in preparation of budgets, monitor, review, and revise as required in coordination with the Director Finance and Compliance and DCOP.
Review Grant budgets submitted by Implementing Partners and provide feedback to the management.
Prepare Budget vs. Actuals analysis and report the variances to DCOP and Director Finance and Compliance.
Internal Controls and Compliance
Ensure proper controls are maintained within the Finance Unit. Supervise finance staff; segregate their duties to ensure proper internal controls.
Ensure compliance with the Country local laws, particularly on withholding taxes (Income & Sales), EOBI etc.
Review and ensure timely deposition of withholding taxes into government treasury and e-filling of the statements to Income Tax department (FBR).
Alert potential non-compliance financial issues to the attention of DCOP, Director Finance and Compliance and Internal Auditor.
Coordinate with Program Support Unit to establish proper controls for small grants management.
Establish procedures and forms in line with Head Office for request & issuance of funds for program needs.
Ensure and routinely test for maintenance of audit-ready documentation.
Cooperate and assist in audit requirements.
Hot Jobs
.....
.....
.....
.....
.....
Spotlight
Copyright 2014 BrightSpyre.com