GulfTalent.com
Senior Landscape Architect
Parsons International
Abu Dhabi, UAE
Posted on: 4 May 2014
THE ROLE
Expand all
Job Objective:
Performs advanced, complex assignments using conventional or innovative techniques for soft and hard landscape architectural full design process for public realm sites including parks, public gardens and streetscapes, landmarks, palaces and restricted sites including agency coordination, presentations and approvals.
Thorough knowledge of the theories, principles, and practices of landscape architecture, including knowledge of local hardscape materials, plant materials and planting design integrating ecological sustainability as well as comprehensive knowledge of construction techniques and methodologies.
Key Accountabilities:
Background in landscape architecture and the design of outdoor public areas, landmarks, and structures to achieve optimum environmental, social-behavioral, or aesthetic outcomes.
Develop new or proved theories, policy and methods for landscape design and management, develop conceptual soft and hard landscape designs independently from which detailed design drawings and technical specifications are prepared.
Inspect sites, analyzing factors such as climate, soil, flora, fauna and all physical site conditions; and consulting with clients and making recommendations regarding methods of work and sequences of operations for projects related to the landscape.
Identify and support the development of
appropriate solutions regarding the quality and use of the built environment in urban, suburban and rural areas and making designs, plans and working drawings, specifications of work, cost estimates and time schedules.
Ensure designs/deliverables compliant with scope of work and contract requirements, QA/QC design deliverables for completeness, utilities coordination, clash analysis and
constructability.
Leads, manages and coordinates the activities of all landscape planning and design projects including management of other consultants such as engineers, architects and planners.
Act in an advisory capacity to senior management personnel on all matters related to landscape architectural design.
Provides regular reports and presentations on progress to the CRE – Landscape Development as necessary.
REQUIREMENTS
QUALIFICATIONS, EXPERIENCE, & SKILLS:
Minimum Qualifications:
4-year degree in Landscape Architecture or equivalent Experience related to this class of work; or any equivalent combination of training and experience.
Professional license is preferred.
Minimum Experience:
8-10 years of related work experience with preferably comparable position in the GCC
Further Experience Required:
Previous experience on
public realm, waterfronts, parks, streetscapes and mixed use projects.
Ability to manage design and specialists consultants with strong experience/grasp of landscape architectural design and project management process.
COMPETENCIES:
Fluent in English, with excellent written and oral communication skills Excellent reporting, presentation, interpersonal and administration skills with track record of taking the lead in challenging situations.
Commercially aware and familiar with local/regional methods and materials for construction
ABOUT THE COMPANY
Parsons is a leader in many diverse markets such as infrastructure, transportation, water, telecommunications, aviation, commercial, environmental, planning, industrial manufacturing, education, healthcare, life sciences and homeland security.
Parsons provides technical and management solutions to federal, regional and local government agencies as well as private industries worldwide.
Send
|
|