Project Manager job in UAE | Job ID: 949788 | oil and gas Job Search
Project Manager job in UAE
Rate
Type
Either
Location
UAE
Region
Dubai
Town
Required Residency
Posted By
Date Posted
5 May 2014
Expiry Date
20 Jun 2014
Job Reference
Job Description
To plan, execute, and close out projects according to as sold schedule and budget. This includes acquiring resources and coordinating the efforts of team members and third-party contractors in order to deliver projects to plan. The Project Manager will also define the project’s objectives and prepare all necessary control documents and plans and ensure all resources are assigned to deliver the objectives.
Compliance with Wasco / Customer HSE requirement.
Line Manager to Projects Department.
Define Project objectives and implementation plan.
Complete budgetary and delivery schedule responsibility and accountability for projects.
Manage project from cradle to grave, contributing to the tendering process through to handover of projects to end user. Utilization of Microsoft Project or Primavera P6 as the controlling document.
Ensure adherence to Wasco Engineering Division procedures & work instructions.
Ensure compliance with all necessary standards and regulations associated with gas compression and power generation packaging.
Prepare Work Breakdown Structure, Project Schedule, S Curves and regular progress reports to internal management and external client.
Proactively manage changes in project scope, identify potential crises, devise contingency plans and manage variation orders with Customer & Supply Chain.
Liaise with the various functional heads to ensure resources are available to deliver all aspects of the Projects; inclusive of Engineering, Fabrication, Finance, Procurement, Logistics and Field Service where applicable.
Ensure complete project Bill of Materials is in place from Engineering department and is managed carefully to meet project schedule.
Participate in continuous improvement processes to ensure that all lessons learned are captured and fed back in to future projects.
Define project success criteria and disseminate them to involved parties throughout project life cycle.
Preferred knowledge/experience/skills/personal attributes:
10 yrs + of relevant working experience in Project Management role for the oil, gas or power generation industries.
Knowledge of Compression or Power Generation Packaging.
Degree in Engineering or Project management discipline.
Certified as a Project Management Professional from a recognized international certification body.
Fluent in MS Project Software.
Highly skilled in report writing and use of all other MS Software (Word, Excel).
Self motivation, ability to work under pressure within a team environment, good communication skills, professional attitude and long working hours.
Qualifications
Bachelors Degree or equivalent
Find Related oil and gas Jobs
Latest Wasco Energy Jobs
Related Job Searches
© 2014 Copyright Oil and Gas Job Search.com Limited :: Part of The Jobsearch Group
Follow us
--Web2--