alJazeera Jobs - Business Analyst - Human Resource IT Solution delivery
Jobs in Qatar, Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, Oman, Bahrain, Dubai, Abu Dhabi by alJazeera Jobs
Select Language
English
Francais
Deutsch
عربي
Español
Português
Русский
Nederlands
Türkçe
اردو
Contact alJazeera Jobs Bahrain: (+973) 16199-113
Serving Arabian Gulf Job Seekers since 2007, alJazeera Jobs
is the established, trusted and leading provider of Jobs in
, , , ,
and .
Subscribe to our custom developed Candidate
Management Service to proactively place your details in Arabic
and English into the HR systems of the leading employers in
the Gulf. Jump to the head of the queue and get hired, sign-up
.
JOB SEARCH
I'm looking for...
In location
Select Country
Saudi Arabia
UAE
Kuwait
Qatar
Bahrain
Oman
other
ACCOUNT MANAGEMENT:
|
Business Analyst - Human Resource IT Solution delivery
05 May 2014 02:39 AM - UAE
.- Qualifications/Trainings: Degree (BS, BSc, BE, or Eq) in a subject relevant to IT (12+3 or equivalent) from a recognized institute. - Experience & Profession Skills: Minimum of 4-5 years experience in a Business Analysis role, with a proven track record in Requirements specification, Business Analysis and Business Domain Knowledge. Minimum working SDLC experience in at least 1 end to end project. Skilled in Requirements Gathering, Use Cases, Process Maps, Screen Mechanics - Excellent and assertive communications and influencing/negotiating skills ideal pre-requisite for all positions. - Presales support including demonstrations, tender responses, etc. - Ability to elicit, understand and document requirements from customer - Ability to recommend product to solution fit for customer airline. - Transformation of business information to IT and vice versa - Product or project implementation experience acceptance etc. - Experience: 6 to 8 years in the Learning & Development/Training IT solutions designing.  - Certifications: Masters Degree in Management, Additional Certifications like CBAP would be an advantage. - Stake holder: Senior Stakeholder Management experience required.  - Human Resource IT Soution delivery experience is required. - Additionally, if specifically worked on Talent Management/Performance Management solution delivery, would be great. In return you will receive a highly competitive package and will be joining a fantastic team. If interested kindly ema (more...)
JS
Advertisement
|
|
|
|
|
All rights reserved - AlJazeeraJobs ® is a registered trade mark and unauthorised usage is strictly prohibited.
|
, , , , ,