alJazeera Jobs - Project Manager - Logistics
Jobs in Qatar, Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, Oman, Bahrain, Dubai, Abu Dhabi by alJazeera Jobs
Select Language
English
Francais
Deutsch
عربي
Español
Português
Русский
Nederlands
Türkçe
اردو
Contact alJazeera Jobs Bahrain: (+973) 16199-113
Serving Arabian Gulf Job Seekers since 2007, alJazeera Jobs
is the established, trusted and leading provider of Jobs in
, , , ,
and .
Subscribe to our custom developed Candidate
Management Service to proactively place your details in Arabic
and English into the HR systems of the leading employers in
the Gulf. Jump to the head of the queue and get hired, sign-up
.
JOB SEARCH
I'm looking for...
In location
Select Country
Saudi Arabia
UAE
Kuwait
Qatar
Bahrain
Oman
other
ACCOUNT MANAGEMENT:
|
Project Manager - Logistics
05 May 2014 02:39 AM - UAE
Project Manager - LogisticsApply now Job no: 682239Location: Kuwait City, Dubai Dubai Head Office Logistics The Corporate Logistics Team plan, move and control the flow of goods from point of origin to point of consumption across all divisions, markets and brands within Alshaya. Working closely with brand teams to ensure appropriate stock and delivery to store, the team manages a range of complex and diverse activities including shipping, freight, warehouse operations, customs clearance (in-bound and out-bound), compliance and project management. The Role:The Logistics Project Manager leads a project team to deliver projects on time, to budget and to the required standard and scope.  You will work closely with senior management, operations teams, HR, IT, brands, and franchise partners.  Specifically:·  Manage projects within Logistics from concept to completion in accordance with Company Policy and agreed objectives.·  Create project plans, establish milestones and ensure all stakeholders receive a regular, accurate and effective project trackers and status updates·  Facilitate meetings and manage conflict in a constructive manner that leads to positive outcome ·  Effectively apply project methodology and enforce project standards minimizing risk and exposure.·  Manage project budgets Qualifications & Requirements·  Strong understanding of Logistics/Retail/ Supply Chain ideally within an international setting·  Essential to have experience of managing projects from inception through to implementation; including the delivery of benefits and post implementation review. ·  Experience of successfully implementing new processes in a controlled environment ·  Exposure to business analysis functions such as requirements gathering, process re-engineering and solution definition ·  Stron (more...)
ASY
Advertisement
|
|
|
|
|
All rights reserved - AlJazeeraJobs ® is a registered trade mark and unauthorised usage is strictly prohibited.
|
, , , , ,