alJazeera Jobs - Sales Manager -Victoria's Secret Full Assortment - Mirdif City Centre
Jobs in Qatar, Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, Oman, Bahrain, Dubai, Abu Dhabi by alJazeera Jobs
Select Language
English
Francais
Deutsch
عربي
Español
Português
Русский
Nederlands
Türkçe
اردو
Contact alJazeera Jobs Bahrain: (+973) 16199-113
Serving Arabian Gulf Job Seekers since 2007, alJazeera Jobs
is the established, trusted and leading provider of Jobs in
, , , ,
and .
Subscribe to our custom developed Candidate
Management Service to proactively place your details in Arabic
and English into the HR systems of the leading employers in
the Gulf. Jump to the head of the queue and get hired, sign-up
.
JOB SEARCH
I'm looking for...
In location
Select Country
Saudi Arabia
UAE
Kuwait
Qatar
Bahrain
Oman
other
ACCOUNT MANAGEMENT:
|
Sales Manager -Victoria's Secret Full Assortment - Mirdif City Centre
05 May 2014 02:39 AM - UAE
Sales Manager -Victoria's Secret Full Assortment - Mirdif City CentreApply now Job no: 685482Location: Dubai Mirdif City Centre Victoria's Secret Victoria's Secret is the leading specialist retailer of lingerie and beauty products, dominating the market with modern, fashion-inspired collections, fragrances, cosmetics, celebrated supermodels and world-famous runway shows and creating products on the forefront of fashion and innovation. The vision of the business is to create a brand with high emotional content that makes woman feel alluring, sophisticated and forever young – It is all about her! Victoria's Secret delivers a best-in-class, captivating branded customer experience that builds loyalty, not just through the product but through the customer service experience provided by the in store staff. The Role:Working as part of a management team you will ensure all staff deliver the highest possible levels of customer service in store. You will actively seek out any additional opportunity to promote sales, and coach the team to ensure they achieve their targets. You will also be responsible for communicating any stock issues, ideas or recommendations to the Operations Manager and brand team, ensuring the store achieves its stock loss targets.You will have/be:• At least 3 years' experience in the re (more...)
ASY
Advertisement
|
|
|
|
|
All rights reserved - AlJazeeraJobs ® is a registered trade mark and unauthorised usage is strictly prohibited.
|
, , , , ,