alJazeera Jobs - Senior Sales Officer
Jobs in Qatar, Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, Oman, Bahrain, Dubai, Abu Dhabi by alJazeera Jobs
Select Language
English
Francais
Deutsch
عربي
Español
Português
Русский
Nederlands
Türkçe
اردو
Contact alJazeera Jobs Bahrain: (+973) 16199-113
Serving Arabian Gulf Job Seekers since 2007, alJazeera Jobs
is the established, trusted and leading provider of Jobs in
, , , ,
and .
Subscribe to our custom developed Candidate
Management Service to proactively place your details in Arabic
and English into the HR systems of the leading employers in
the Gulf. Jump to the head of the queue and get hired, sign-up
.
JOB SEARCH
I'm looking for...
In location
Select Country
Saudi Arabia
UAE
Kuwait
Qatar
Bahrain
Oman
other
ACCOUNT MANAGEMENT:
|
Senior Sales Officer
05 May 2014 12:04 AM - UAE
Â  Â
Senior Sales Officer SQ Computer PersonnelUAERef: LP180-258The RoleThe RoleMy client is a leading bank in the UAE. This position is for a Senior Sales Officer in SME (small and medium sized enterprises). Direct sales in selling business loans and finance.
We are looking for candidates in Abu Dhabi as well as Dubai. RequirementsRequirements- Experience in a sales position in banking
- Must have UAE experience - Must be Arabic speaking
- Male candidates only The position offers a attractive basic salary plus a good commission structure. About the CompanyAbout the CompanyDue to overwhelming client demand, SQ Computer Personnel opened a branch in the UAE in 2007 which we called SQ Gulf. Over the last 7 successful years we have carved out a strong and credible reputation in the UAE as a recruiter of choice. We work in partnership with a number of large multi-national and regional organisations as well as smaller, boutique companies. We aim to supply personnel on a sole agency basis which, in turn, provides you with a very attractive and cost effective, headache-free process. SQ Gulf covers a wide range of vertical markets with in the MENA region. We have mirrored our UK successes by building a 360 degree, full life-cycle infrastructure and support strategy. We have an experienced team of account managers who are all well versed in their specific market vertical. We cover all levels of seniority and job titles. I myself, have over 13 years of professional recruiting experience, 5 of which have been in the UAE. As an agency, I strongly believe that SQ Gulf, with it's team of dedicated and experienced staff, are exceptionally well placed to provide a smooth, successful and cost-effective recruitment solution. We have an exceptionally large database
(more...)
GT
Advertisement
|
|
|
|
|
All rights reserved - AlJazeeraJobs ® is a registered trade mark and unauthorised usage is strictly prohibited.
|
, , , , ,