alJazeera Jobs - Recruitment Consultant
Jobs in Qatar, Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, Oman, Bahrain, Dubai, Abu Dhabi by alJazeera Jobs
Select Language
English
Francais
Deutsch
عربي
Español
Português
Русский
Nederlands
Türkçe
اردو
Contact alJazeera Jobs Bahrain: (+973) 16199-113
Serving Arabian Gulf Job Seekers since 2007, alJazeera Jobs
is the established, trusted and leading provider of Jobs in
, , , ,
and .
Subscribe to our custom developed Candidate
Management Service to proactively place your details in Arabic
and English into the HR systems of the leading employers in
the Gulf. Jump to the head of the queue and get hired, sign-up
.
JOB SEARCH
I'm looking for...
In location
Select Country
Saudi Arabia
UAE
Kuwait
Qatar
Bahrain
Oman
other
ACCOUNT MANAGEMENT:
|
Recruitment Consultant
04 May 2014 04:04 PM - UAE
Â  Â
Recruitment Consultant SQ Computer PersonnelDubai, UAERef: LP180-259The RoleThe RoleWe are looking for experienced recruitment consultant's to join our established team, SQ Gulf have a great name and foot print in the market and we have some exciting opportunities for experienced Recruitment Consultant's to join us. We are looking for people with at least one years proven billings either in the UK or the UAE. We will give you the chance to build a team in your specialised industry with the full support from our established and experienced delivery team. RequirementsRequirementsThe right person will be a native English speaker and have great written and verbal communication skills along with great presentation. You will have the ability to achieve goals and targets along with being a self motivated individual who wants to achieve. In return we offer a great salary package, flights and medical along with one of the best commission structures in the market. You will have the full support from the management, support and delivery teams. About the CompanyAbout the CompanyDue to overwhelming client demand, SQ Computer Personnel opened a branch in the UAE in 2007 which we called SQ Gulf. Over the last 7 successful years we have carved out a strong and credible reputation in the UAE as a recruiter of choice. We work in partnership with a number of large multi-national and regional organisations as well as smaller, boutique companies. We aim to supply personnel on a sole agency basis which, in turn, provides you with a very attractive and cost effective, headache-free process. SQ Gulf covers a wide range of vertical markets with in the MENA region. We have mirrored our UK successes by building a 360 degree, full life-cycle infrastructure and support strategy. We have an experienced team of account managers who are all well versed in their specific market vertical. We cover all levels of seniority and job titles. I myself, have over 13 years of professional recruiting experience, 5 of which have been in the UAE. As an agency, I strongly believe that SQ Gulf, with it's team of dedicated and experienced staff, are exceptionally well placed to provide a smooth, successful and cost-effective recruitment solution.
(more...)
GT
Advertisement
|
|
|
|
|
All rights reserved - AlJazeeraJobs ® is a registered trade mark and unauthorised usage is strictly prohibited.
|
, , , , ,