alJazeera Jobs - In-flight Entertainment Specialists
Jobs in Qatar, Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, Oman, Bahrain, Dubai, Abu Dhabi by alJazeera Jobs
Select Language
English
Francais
Deutsch
عربي
Español
Português
Русский
Nederlands
Türkçe
اردو
Contact alJazeera Jobs Bahrain: (+973) 16199-113
Serving Arabian Gulf Job Seekers since 2007, alJazeera Jobs
is the established, trusted and leading provider of Jobs in
, , , ,
and .
Subscribe to our custom developed Candidate
Management Service to proactively place your details in Arabic
and English into the HR systems of the leading employers in
the Gulf. Jump to the head of the queue and get hired, sign-up
.
JOB SEARCH
I'm looking for...
In location
Select Country
Saudi Arabia
UAE
Kuwait
Qatar
Bahrain
Oman
other
ACCOUNT MANAGEMENT:
|
In-flight Entertainment Specialists
04 May 2014 09:19 PM - UAE
Job Description: Panasonic Avionics is the market leader in the world of In Flight Entertainment and Connectivity (IFEC), offering sophisticated products and unparalleled service levels to deliver industry leading in-flight entertainment through video, audio, games, software applications and telecommunications. Our success is built upon our cutting-edge technology and outstanding customer service, driven by our corporate heritage and as we enter an exciting period of rapid global expansion to support new business, we are seeking In-flight Entertainment Specialist to join our teams in Dubai and Abu Dhabi.  Our maintenance bases in the UAE support some of our biggest customers and some the world’s largest airlines, by providing vital on the ground support services for our In-Flight Entertainment and Global Communication Suite products. Our business in the region is growing rapidly and this has created a number of new opportunities, we are looking for exceptional people to join us as; •           Supervisors, Maintenance Services •           Lead Maintenance Service Representatives •           Maintenance Service Representatives As an In-Flight Entertainment Specialists you will perform maintenance, preventative maintenance and alterations to Panasonic Avionics’ In-Flight Entertainment and Connectivity Systems on aircraft. You will troubleshoot assemblies and units, cabling or seat consoles down to line replaceable modules, using knowledge of electronic theory. Perform built-in test (BIT) and manual tests on IFE systems. Communicate and interface with the customers, check aircraft logs for defect and deferrals and sweep cabins for unreported defects. Candidates should have adequate experience, in support of their application, in one of the followings, -       Aircraft Maintenance Management.-       Maintenance team supervision and control of maintenance operation.-       Certifying aircraft maintenance engineers-       IFE systems, connectivity, Software and hardware (IFEC Systems, Avionics or IT) is an added advantage. You will maintain customer satisfaction through accurate, detailed and timely solutions to problems and queries. Troubleshoot and work to resolve system problems occurring on aircraft and provide technical guidance and assistance to customers. You will participate actively in any retrofits and/or the entry into service of new systems at assigned customers, working actively with the assigned customers to gather reliability data for Panasonic Avionics equipment and report relevant information gathered from customer’s organisation to the regional office and head office as appropriate. The ideal candidate will have previous aircraft maintenance experience, ideally within an avionics/ IFE environment but this is not essential. You must hold a GCAA/EASA/CASA B2 License, ideally, with type ratings on the following aircraft; Airbus 320/330/340/380 or B777/787. Excellent communication skills, both verbal and written are essential along with being customer focused. Candidates must be comfortable working alone but also be able
(more...)
AJS
Advertisement
|
|
|
|
|
All rights reserved - AlJazeeraJobs ® is a registered trade mark and unauthorised usage is strictly prohibited.
|
, , , , ,