alJazeera Jobs - Kitchen - Commis I/ Speciality Kitchen
Jobs in Qatar, Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, Oman, Bahrain, Dubai, Abu Dhabi by alJazeera Jobs
Select Language
English
Francais
Deutsch
عربي
Español
Português
Русский
Nederlands
Türkçe
اردو
Contact alJazeera Jobs Bahrain: (+973) 16199-113
Serving Arabian Gulf Job Seekers since 2007, alJazeera Jobs
is the established, trusted and leading provider of Jobs in
, , , ,
and .
Subscribe to our custom developed Candidate
Management Service to proactively place your details in Arabic
and English into the HR systems of the leading employers in
the Gulf. Jump to the head of the queue and get hired, sign-up
.
JOB SEARCH
I'm looking for...
In location
Select Country
Saudi Arabia
UAE
Kuwait
Qatar
Bahrain
Oman
other
ACCOUNT MANAGEMENT:
|
Kitchen - Commis I/ Speciality Kitchen
04 May 2014 08:39 PM - UAE
.
Kitchen - Commis I/ Speciality Kitchen Al Ghurair Arjaan by Rotana We are currently seeking for passionate and dynamic Kitchen professionals who pride themselves on their ability to deliver extraordinary levels of customer service and provide creative solutions to our guests. As a Commis I you are responsible for the daily food preparation and duties assigned to meet the set standard and qualities whereby your role will include key responsibilities such as: •Support Chef de Partie or Demi Chef de Partie in the daily operation and work •Work according to the menu specifications by the Chef de Partie •Keep work area at all times in hygienic conditions according to the rules set by the hotel •Control food stock and food cost in your section •Prepare the daily mis-en-place and food production in different sections of the main kitchen or satellites •Follow the instructions and recommendations from the immediate Superiors to complete the daily tasks •Ensure the highest standards and consistent quality in the daily preparation and keep up to date with the new products, recipes and preparation techniques •Coordinate and participate with other sections of requirements, cleanliness, wastage and cost control Skills Education, Qualifications & Experiences You should have a professional kitchen apprenticeship or chefs training course and previous experiences in quality establishments along with good culinary skills. The ability to communicate in English and a proven track of food preparation, presentation and preservation knowledge is an essential. Knowledge & Competencies The ideal candidate will be positively spirited and passionate about food and be committed to work together with the service team to deliver an amazing guest experiences every time. You are a very positive, dynamic, creative and dedicated team player with the ability to work in a multicultural environment and under difficult condition, while possessing fol (more...)
GC
Advertisement
|
|
|
|
|
All rights reserved - AlJazeeraJobs ® is a registered trade mark and unauthorised usage is strictly prohibited.
|
, , , , ,