alJazeera Jobs - Sourcing Specialist (Abu Dhabi)
Jobs in Qatar, Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, Oman, Bahrain, Dubai, Abu Dhabi by alJazeera Jobs
Select Language
English
Francais
Deutsch
عربي
Español
Português
Русский
Nederlands
Türkçe
اردو
Contact alJazeera Jobs Bahrain: (+973) 16199-113
Serving Arabian Gulf Job Seekers since 2007, alJazeera Jobs
is the established, trusted and leading provider of Jobs in
, , , ,
and .
Subscribe to our custom developed Candidate
Management Service to proactively place your details in Arabic
and English into the HR systems of the leading employers in
the Gulf. Jump to the head of the queue and get hired, sign-up
.
JOB SEARCH
I'm looking for...
In location
Select Country
Saudi Arabia
UAE
Kuwait
Qatar
Bahrain
Oman
other
ACCOUNT MANAGEMENT:
|
Sourcing Specialist (Abu Dhabi)
04 May 2014 05:09 PM - UAE
.Sourcing Specialist (Abu Dhabi)Oil and GasAbu Dhabi, UAEPermanent ⁄ AED18000 - AED20000
Added May 4, 2014
Reporting into the Procurement and Sourcing Manager, this Sourcing Specialist role's main responsibility is to manage the end to end procurement of direct commodities and equipment for the company's on going operations. As a Sourcing Specialist, you have to implement sourcing plans, evaluate current and prospective suppliers through supplier reviews, site visits and audits. You will also have to negotiate contracts, prices and terms with suppliers to meet specified quality, delivery and cost objectives. In addition, this Sourcing Specialist role requires you to work closely with the Procurement and Sourcing Manager and build strong relationships with internal customers; while complying with all company procedures applicable to the job function. Who we're looking for The successful candidate for this Sourcing Specialist role will have a Bachelor's or Master's degree in Supply Chain, Manufacturing or Engineering discipline. You must have a minimum of 3-5 years of relevant strategic sourcing experience within the oil and gas industry. You must also have a strong understanding of supplier performance management, cost analysis and sourcing strategies. In addition, the ideal candidate will be capable of demonstrating good customer service, negotiation, communication and organisational skills.About our client Our client is a leading multinational recognised for their advanced oil and gas services in the industry. They are currently looking to hire an experienced Sourcing Specialist for their procurement team in Abu Dhabi, to help manage ongoing operations in the Middle EastWhat's on offer The successful candidate will be offered an attractive package of anything between 18,000 - 20,000 AED per month, all inclusive of Basic, Housing and Transport allowances. In addition to this, our client is also offering benefits like medical insurance and flight tickets.This is a great opportunity for the right candidate to advance his/her career with a multinational in the Oil and Gas industry
(more...)
MP
Advertisement
|
|
|
|
|
All rights reserved - AlJazeeraJobs ® is a registered trade mark and unauthorised usage is strictly prohibited.
|
, , , , ,