GulfTalent.com
Payroll Officer – UAE National
Sundus Management Consultancy
Abu Dhabi, UAE
Posted on: 4 May 2014
THE ROLE
Expand all
1.	Input or review for accuracy employee personnel/salary & benefits information from source documents in the HRIS which forms the basis for employee payroll record.
2.	Check time & attendance records, leave applications, loan repayments, pension contributions, etc. and input any deductions to be made from the employee’s monthly salary.
3.	Add any additional payments to be made to the employee as part of the monthly salary.
4.	Collect, analyze, enter, calculate and verify payroll information.
5.	Process the payroll by performing reconciliation of gross salary, deductions/additions and net salary to be paid and finalise the payroll document by the scheduled date.
REQUIREMENTS
•	Approx. 3-4 years experience, preferable as a Payroll Administrator, in a large organization managing work that is directly related to the job responsibilities
•	Ability to plan own work and implement policies
•	Ability to maintain relationships with internal/external constituents.
ABOUT THE COMPANY
Established in Abu Dhabi in January 1998, Sundus is a Recruitment and HR Consultancy with additional offices in Qatar and Saudi Arabia. The company’s strengths lie in working in partnership with clients to gain a thorough understanding of their talent management requirements. Sundus is one of the few companies in the UAE that has been awarded an official Recruitment Services License.
Matching the right people with the right positions is where we begin our partnership with you, whether you are a candidate, a recruiter, or in need of corporate services, from HR consultancy to helping with relocation. Relationships with people make our business work.
Our HR consultancy services are modelled on internationally respected methodologies and techniques, helping clients to develop toolkits encompassing all aspects of talent management from appraisals to retirement.
Sundus employs around 150 staff, with around 90% of the team seconded to the Oil and Gas industry, Banking and Finance companies, and Government Departments.
Send
|
|