Property Consultant Job in Dubai - The First Group - Bayt.com
OK
Cancel
Loading...
Loading...
Jobs
Jobs
Salaries
People Companies Specialties
- All -
- All -Algeria (12)Bahrain (115)Dubai (1555)Egypt (495)Iraq (81)Jordan (390)Kuwait (740)Lebanon (249)Libya (16)Morocco (12)Oman (96)Pakistan (33)Qatar (1055)Saudi Arabia (2766)Sri Lanka (62)Tunisia (6)UAE (3582)Yemen (3)
Loading...
Menu - []
›
› Job Description
Property Consultant
- ,
Date Posted: 2014/05/04 12:59:32
Ref. JB3015373
Job Description
The First Group Company is looking for highly motivated property investment consultants to join our winning team. We are looking for Russian, English and Arabic speakers with a full basic understanding of the English language.
Job Summary:
As a property investment consultant with The First Group, you will be contacting high profile and pre-qualify clients to discuss investment opportunities in one of the hottest cities in the world. Expand company’s portfolio by generating maximum net sales volume while maintaining a professional and ethical representation of the company.
What to expect: Excellent earning potential, base salary, excellent commission structure, health benefits, cash incentives, company loyalty programs, extensive brand/sales Training , 22 days of paid vacation and more.
Skills
High -School /Secondary
RERA License (Paid for by the company)
Microsoft solution experience
Preferred Qualifications:
One year to two years of sales experience.
Job Details
Job Location:
Dubai, United Arab Emirates
Company Industry:
Real Estate
Company Type:
Employer (Private Sector)
Job Role:
Sales
Joining Date:
Unspecified
Employment Status:
Unspecified
Employment Type:
Unspecified
Monthly Salary Range:
Unspecified
Manages Others:
Unspecified
Number of Vacancies:
1
Preferred Candidate
Career Level:
Entry Level
Years of Experience:
Min: 1 Max: 2
Residence Location:
United Arab Emirates
Gender:
Unspecified
Nationality:
Unspecified
Degree:
High school or equivalent
About This Company
The First Group is a British-owned international property development company based in Dubai. The focus is on delivering innovative overseas property developments and solutions to meet the demands of the international property investment market.
As an emerging property market specialist and one of the region's leading independent serviced residential and commercial building developers, The First Group prides itself on offering clients quality off-plan developments, unrivalled services and pioneering products in the UAE and Africa.
With over 20 years' experience in the international property market and unparalleled commitment to excellence in all areas, including construction, design, finish and service, choosing to invest with The First Group offers a reliable and secure investment in one of the world's most lucrative property markets.
Date Posted: 2014/05/04 12:59:32
Ref. JB3015373
Similar Jobs
Confidential Company - ,
Confidential Company - ,
Recommended Courses
Invite Your
Friends to Bayt.com
Find Jobs
About Bayt.com
Bayt.com is the leading job site in the Gulf and Middle East, connecting job seekers with employers looking to hire.
Every day, thousands of new job vacancies are listed on the award-winning platform from the region's top employers.
Company
Quick Links
Follow
© 2000-2014 Bayt.com, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
-
Reproduction of material from any Bayt.com pages without written permission is strictly prohibited.