Virtual Distributor Account Manager Job in Dubai - Manpower Middle East - Bayt.com
OK
Cancel
Loading...
Loading...
Jobs
Jobs
Salaries
People Companies Specialties
- All -
- All -Algeria (12)Bahrain (115)Dubai (1555)Egypt (495)Iraq (81)Jordan (390)Kuwait (740)Lebanon (249)Libya (16)Morocco (12)Oman (96)Pakistan (33)Qatar (1055)Saudi Arabia (2766)Sri Lanka (62)Tunisia (6)UAE (3582)Yemen (3)
Loading...
Menu - []
›
› Job Description
Virtual Distributor Account Manager
- ,
Date Posted: 2014/05/04 11:46:30
Ref. JB3047096
Job Description
Our client, a multinational IT company is currently seeking to recruit a Virtual, Distributor Account Manager.
This is a contracting staffing role under Manpower for a contract period of 1 year (Renewable depending on company requirements and/or individual performance).
Virtual Distributor Account Manager (VDAM) within Emerging Channel Sales organization is responsible for achieving quarterly and annual goals by managing a set of Partner virtually, by building direct relationships with Partner organizations in a designated region, In this role the VPAM will work closely with the PSDMs and Partner to maximize the Service revenue opportunities.
Role Description:
•	Developing and maintaining a strong relationship with Central Designated accounts (both business and procurement contacts) at local country level and central level. Through this relationship, develop a thorough understanding of the partners’ specific processes and control points for their services practice.
•	Develop and look for opportunities through sales & marketing activities to end customers and with partners to drive Programs to increase (Mainly including service renewals and service opportunities)
•	Collaborate and engage with aligned sales roles to close the deals once an opportunity is identified.
•	Responsible for forecasting accuracy and updating
•	Achieving I-Sales Commit Targets & MBO’s set on quarterly and yearly basis.
•	Manage a Fiscal Year Forecast, split by quarter and month and deliver a weekly TS Service booking forecast to EMEAR Strategic Partner team.
•	Conduct regular (quarterly) business reviews with the Partner, leveraging PMC data, to highlight opportunities to improve Attach Rate / Renewal Rate and associate rebates for the partner, and drive early engagement in large renewal projects.
•	Drive Ice-Breaker initiative with the selected partners and measure impact in terms of # contracts consolidated, and uncovered IB put under support coverage
•	Engagement on attach and renewal opportunities to ensure clear and open collaboration between the account team and the partner and that the CSPP rules and implications of these rules are well understood by all parties.
Skills
Candidate Skills
•	Strong customer service orientation. Ability to engage and drives conversations with customers and present Service Sales concepts.
•	Knowledge Cisco Service Business and Processes.
•	Analytical & Problem solving Skills
•	Fluency in English and Russian is a MUST.
•	Strong communication & negotiation skills required.
•	Strong computer navigation skills and PC Knowledge
•	Ability to remain calm under pressure and work in a concise, clear and focused manner
•	Must be flexible with the ability to adapt to changes and think conceptually.
•	Ability to work as a team member, as well as independently Dependable with proficient attention to detail.
•	Russian speaker is preferred
Job Details
Job Location:
Dubai, United Arab Emirates
Company Industry:
Information Technology; Sales
Company Type:
Employer (Private Sector)
Job Role:
Sales
Joining Date:
Unspecified
Employment Status:
Unspecified
Employment Type:
Unspecified
Monthly Salary Range:
Unspecified
Manages Others:
Unspecified
Number of Vacancies:
1
Preferred Candidate
Career Level:
Mid Career
Years of Experience:
Unspecified
Residence Location:
Unspecified
Gender:
Unspecified
Nationality:
Unspecified
Degree:
Unspecified
About This Company
ManpowerGroup was first established in Wisconsin in 1948 and has grown to become a world leader in the employment services industry; creating and delivering services that enable its clients to win in the changing world of work. Manpower has 4,500 offices worldwide in 80 countries and territories and put over a million people into work every day. We offer clients a range of services for the entire employment and business cycle including permanent, temporary and contract recruitment; employee assessment and selection; training; outplacement; outsourcing and consulting.
Date Posted: 2014/05/04 11:46:30
Ref. JB3047096
Recommended Courses
Invite Your
Friends to Bayt.com
Find Jobs
About Bayt.com
Bayt.com is the leading job site in the Gulf and Middle East, connecting job seekers with employers looking to hire.
Every day, thousands of new job vacancies are listed on the award-winning platform from the region's top employers.
Company
Quick Links
Follow
© 2000-2014 Bayt.com, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
-
Reproduction of material from any Bayt.com pages without written permission is strictly prohibited.