Sales Engineer Job in United Arab Emirates - Manpower Middle East - Bayt.com
OK
Cancel
Loading...
Loading...
Jobs
Jobs
Salaries
People Companies Specialties
- All -
- All -Algeria (12)Bahrain (115)Dubai (1555)Egypt (495)Iraq (81)Jordan (390)Kuwait (740)Lebanon (249)Libya (16)Morocco (12)Oman (96)Pakistan (33)Qatar (1055)Saudi Arabia (2766)Sri Lanka (62)Tunisia (6)UAE (3582)Yemen (3)
Loading...
Menu - []
›
› Job Description
Sales Engineer
-
Date Posted: 2014/05/04 11:45:05
Ref. JB3047094
Job Description
Our client's activities mainly cater to Utility business . Power Distribution, Transmission , generation products trading, services and business development into the MEA region. We have offices in Iraq, Libya , Ghana and we are seeking an Electrical Back Ground – Sales Engineer
Skills
Requirements
•	Degree qualified preferably in Electrical or Mechanical Engineering
•	At least 5 years of sales, marketing, or business management experience
•	Good knowledge about Electrical equipments such as Transformers, switchgear, cables , substations etc
•	Professional experience in sales as well as good product knowledge and technical understanding preferably in the field of Oil and Gas industry
•	Know-how in analyzing and interpreting specifications & documents
•	Strong oral and written communication, presentation and organizational skills
•	Computer literacy (MS Word, MS Excel )
•	Customer orientation, confident and friendly demeanor as well as excellent negotiation skills
•	High degree of commitment and willingness to travel
•	Arabic speaking would be preferable
Job Details
Job Location:
United Arab Emirates
Company Industry:
Manufacturing; Manufacturing and Production; Sales
Company Type:
Employer (Private Sector)
Job Role:
Sales
Joining Date:
Unspecified
Employment Status:
Unspecified
Employment Type:
Unspecified
Monthly Salary Range:
Unspecified
Manages Others:
Unspecified
Number of Vacancies:
1
Preferred Candidate
Career Level:
Mid Career
Years of Experience:
Unspecified
Residence Location:
Unspecified
Gender:
Unspecified
Nationality:
Unspecified
Degree:
Unspecified
About This Company
ManpowerGroup was first established in Wisconsin in 1948 and has grown to become a world leader in the employment services industry; creating and delivering services that enable its clients to win in the changing world of work. Manpower has 4,500 offices worldwide in 80 countries and territories and put over a million people into work every day. We offer clients a range of services for the entire employment and business cycle including permanent, temporary and contract recruitment; employee assessment and selection; training; outplacement; outsourcing and consulting.
Date Posted: 2014/05/04 11:45:05
Ref. JB3047094
Similar Jobs
Recommended Courses
Invite Your
Friends to Bayt.com
Find Jobs
About Bayt.com
Bayt.com is the leading job site in the Gulf and Middle East, connecting job seekers with employers looking to hire.
Every day, thousands of new job vacancies are listed on the award-winning platform from the region's top employers.
Company
Quick Links
Follow
© 2000-2014 Bayt.com, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
-
Reproduction of material from any Bayt.com pages without written permission is strictly prohibited.