Marketing & Business Development Manager AED 27,000 per month plus medical and annual ticket Job in Dubai - Apple Search & Selection - Bayt.com
OK
Cancel
Loading...
Loading...
Jobs
Jobs
Salaries
People Companies Specialties
- All -
- All -Algeria (12)Bahrain (115)Dubai (1555)Egypt (495)Iraq (81)Jordan (390)Kuwait (740)Lebanon (249)Libya (16)Morocco (12)Oman (96)Pakistan (33)Qatar (1055)Saudi Arabia (2766)Sri Lanka (62)Tunisia (6)UAE (3582)Yemen (3)
Loading...
Menu - []
›
› Job Description
Marketing & Business Development Manager AED 27,000 per month plus medical and annual ticket
- ,
Date Posted: 2014/05/04 11:32:35
Ref. JB3047028
Job Description
Are you a creative individual? Are you overflowing with passion, energy and enthusiasm? Then this exciting new role is for you!
Our Client, an ever expanding regional law firm is searching for a Marketing and Business Development Manager, to join their Dubai operations.
The role will incorporate working across events and will develop and implement marketing plans and campaigns, with the specific objective of increasing delegate, visitor and exhibitor numbers through effective communication, in addition to increasing sales for the company through effective business development.
This will require a person of outstanding creativity and vision, with great enthusiasm and the desire to develop and promote the company.
Skills
The successful candidate will be degree qualified and have a minimum of six years working within a role that incorporates marketing and business development.
Experience working within a law firm or professional services environment is essential, as is experience of working within the UAE.
Job Details
Job Location:
Dubai, United Arab Emirates
Company Industry:
Legal
Company Type:
Employer (Private Sector)
Job Role:
Management
Joining Date:
Unspecified
Employment Status:
Full time
Employment Type:
Employee
Monthly Salary Range:
Unspecified
Manages Others:
Unspecified
Number of Vacancies:
1
Preferred Candidate
Career Level:
Mid Career
Years of Experience:
Min: 5
Residence Location:
United Arab Emirates
Gender:
Unspecified
Nationality:
Unspecified
Degree:
Unspecified
About This Company
Apple Search & Selection offers a very personalised, executive recruitment service.
Our fresh and honest approach to ensuring cultural and strategic fit between clients and the candidates we present is tailored to minimising the workload, releasing the pressure of decision making and significantly reducing the recruitment cycle time. We develop our business based on long-term relationships and have an excellent reputation for service deliveryWe are dedicated to providing our customers with an unparalleled level of care, professionalism, confidentiality and integrity and the service that we provide is constantly applauded by our clients and candidates alike, for our professional and courteous approach.
Date Posted: 2014/05/04 11:32:35
Ref. JB3047028
Recommended Courses
Invite Your
Friends to Bayt.com
Find Jobs
About Bayt.com
Bayt.com is the leading job site in the Gulf and Middle East, connecting job seekers with employers looking to hire.
Every day, thousands of new job vacancies are listed on the award-winning platform from the region's top employers.
Company
Quick Links
Follow
© 2000-2014 Bayt.com, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
-
Reproduction of material from any Bayt.com pages without written permission is strictly prohibited.