Editor Job in Dubai - I-Expatriate - Bayt.com
OK
Cancel
Loading...
Loading...
Jobs
Jobs
Salaries
People Companies Specialties
- All -
- All -Algeria (12)Bahrain (115)Dubai (1555)Egypt (495)Iraq (81)Jordan (390)Kuwait (740)Lebanon (249)Libya (16)Morocco (12)Oman (96)Pakistan (33)Qatar (1055)Saudi Arabia (2766)Sri Lanka (62)Tunisia (6)UAE (3582)Yemen (3)
Loading...
Menu - []
›
› Job Description
Editor
- ,
Date Posted: 2014/05/04 11:26:51
Ref. JB3047086
Job Description
Brief Position Summary:
	To ensure the timely production of all publications responsible.
	To ensure a high quality of editorial content.
	Abide by and implement Editorial strategies as communicated by the Group Editorial Director.
	To work in line with the strategic vision of the company, maintaining all company policies and procedures.
	To continually liaise with all supporting functions ensuring all publication’s targets are met.
Duties and Responsibilities:
	Actively and successfully manage the title’s publications process, ensuring that no delays are incurred.
	Consistent accurate and timely completion and submission of all editorial content under the 60/30/10 system.
	To direct and lead in the positioning of the publications.
	Ensure that all publications are produced within the Company’s editorial guidelines.
	Consistent achievement of individual key performance targets.
	Understand the marketplace, including all competitors to identify opportunities for future growth.
	Analysing and reporting competitor activities and initiatives.
	Plan and research for existing and new magazine launches, events and projects.
	Form relationships with the research companies within the publication sectors.
	The production and maintenance of the Annual Editorial Calendar.
	Travel to relevant conferences to market your publication and identify editorial content.
	Ensure that each publication as at least one VIP Interview per month.
	Actively seek new trade associations and professional bodies.
	The on going active management of the editorial committee for each title.
	Develop and deliver effective quarterly “landmark issues” for each publication.
	Develop and deliver a comprehensive online and social media strategy in line with the Group Editorial Director’s brief.
	Facilitate the capture of data for the CRM System.
	Review your own performance aiming to consistently meet or exceed targets, as defined in your KPIs.
	Ensure that monthly Team meeting occur with Central Sales and that all editors deliver a short presentation on their publications for following month’s content.
	Management of deadlines and production – Flat Plans, Final Ad Counts, Signing off on publication proofs.
	Performance management of all line reports.
	Prioritise and plan own activities to meet the commercial and local demands of the job role.
	Research current trends to conceptualise and launch new custom print projects in form of guides, supplements and sponsored events.
	Take a proactive management of all events to maximise product positioning and sales revenue.
	Take a proactive lead in the management and organisation of CPI Publishing’s presence in major exhibitions and events.
	Working with the management Team, ensure the commercial viability all flat plans, ad counts etc.
	Ensure that all advertising contracts have been signed by authorized signatory.
Key Attributes / Experience required:
	A minimum of 2-3 years experience of “on the job” experience is essential.
	Qualifications in journalism and editorial are desirable but not essential.
	Proven experience in editorial within the Middle East or to financial institutions.
	Proven ability to consistently make decisions about the editorial content and direction of publications and websites.
	Proven ability to be able to conduct a strong and compelling interview
	Proven ability develop new clients and generate and key accounts
	Proven ability to consistently meet and exceed KPI target
	Excellent written and oral English skills
	Good time management
	High level of concentration and attention to detail
	Energetic, enthusiastic and determined
	Excellent negotiator
	Methodical, well planned and able to work using own initiative
	Excellent Team Player
	Proven ability to assume many roles, leader, initiator, driver, supporter, agitator and compromising
Skills
.
This job is posted in the following Specialties:
Job Details
Job Location:
Dubai, United Arab Emirates
Company Industry:
Journalism
Company Type:
Employer (Private Sector)
Job Role:
Writing/Editing
Joining Date:
Unspecified
Employment Status:
Unspecified
Employment Type:
Unspecified
Monthly Salary Range:
Unspecified
Manages Others:
Unspecified
Number of Vacancies:
1
Preferred Candidate
Career Level:
Mid Career
Years of Experience:
Unspecified
Residence Location:
Unspecified
Gender:
Unspecified
Nationality:
Unspecified
Degree:
Unspecified
About This Company
We provide Hr Software to a range of companies across the globe
Date Posted: 2014/05/04 11:26:51
Ref. JB3047086
Similar Jobs
Recommended Courses
Invite Your
Friends to Bayt.com
Find Jobs
About Bayt.com
Bayt.com is the leading job site in the Gulf and Middle East, connecting job seekers with employers looking to hire.
Every day, thousands of new job vacancies are listed on the award-winning platform from the region's top employers.
Company
Quick Links
Follow
© 2000-2014 Bayt.com, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
-
Reproduction of material from any Bayt.com pages without written permission is strictly prohibited.