Senior Medical Representative Job in Dubai - Global Innovation Company - Bayt.com
OK
Cancel
Loading...
Loading...
Jobs
Jobs
Salaries
People Companies Specialties
- All -
- All -Algeria (12)Bahrain (115)Dubai (1555)Egypt (495)Iraq (81)Jordan (390)Kuwait (740)Lebanon (249)Libya (16)Morocco (12)Oman (96)Pakistan (33)Qatar (1055)Saudi Arabia (2766)Sri Lanka (62)Tunisia (6)UAE (3582)Yemen (3)
Loading...
Menu - []
›
› Job Description
Senior Medical Representative
- ,
Date Posted: 2014/05/04 11:26:46
Ref. JB3047085
Job Description
This job vacancy is for our sister concern MASKEM- Dubai
ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS :
Communicate directly with customers, patients and healthcare providers to determine focus of sales effort and customer's preference.
Achieve sales targets through establishing and grabbing new business opportunities.
Negotiate contracts and prices in accordance with the overall sales strategy.
Carry out continuous market research and analysis to better understand the market's nature and customers' needs
Maintain Customers' records and prepare sales reports.
Sales experience in Ultrasound and Imaging is preferred (3-5 years of experience).
Skills
- Proficient computer and software skills to record and maintain sales data.
- Strong negotiation and persuasion skills to ensure maximum operational efficiency.
- Excellent bi-lingual communication skills.
-Excellent interpersonal & customer service skills: focuses on solving conflict and maintaining networks.
Education
A Bachelor’s degree in pharmacy, medicine or similar specialty
Job Details
Job Location:
Dubai, United Arab Emirates
Company Industry:
Other
Company Type:
Employer (Private Sector)
Job Role:
Sales
Joining Date:
Unspecified
Employment Status:
Full time
Employment Type:
Employee
Monthly Salary Range:
Unspecified
Manages Others:
Unspecified
Number of Vacancies:
1
Preferred Candidate
Career Level:
Mid Career
Years of Experience:
Min: 3 Max: 5
Residence Location:
Dubai,United Arab Emirates
Gender:
Unspecified
Nationality:
Unspecified
Degree:
Bachelor's degree / higher diploma
About This Company
GIC – Global Innovation Company – is a fully-owned subsidiary of NTEC:NTECNational Technology Enterprises Co. was established by the Kuwait Council of Ministers as a fully owned subsidiary of the Kuwait Investment Authority (KIA) with a strategic focus on transferring technology and knowledge. NTEC plays a vital role in servicing major stakeholders in Kuwait with their technology needs.NTEC's business model is designed to build platforms to attract international technologies into the local & regional markets by establishing & managing Technology Projects Development Companies utilizing investment (such as Private Equity, Venture Capital and Direct Investments), operational, training, and advisory tools to achieve its strategic objectives. NTEC’s portfolio companies are: KLSC Kuwait Life Sciences Co., a unique healthcare company which invests, operates, and train in innovative concepts, strategic services and operations in the Middle East Region. KLSC is positioned to capture on lucrative regional opportunities leveraging on the diversified international experience with a focus on venture and growth capital projects in the Gulf and broader Middle East in the life sciences area.ENERTECHA Kuwaiti holding Co., with a mission to initiate its own projects and participate in projects within energy, clean tech, recycling, water, waste management and renewable energy sectors. EnerTech’s mission also includes investments in private equity and venture capital companies within these sectors both regionally and internationally.IMPULSEImpulse Int'l for Telecom is one of the leading technology investor in Kuwait & MENA region focused on the ICT sector.GICGlobal Innovation Co. is one of the leading regional providers of human capital development solutions. GIC is responsible for managing the group human resource function for NTEC and its subsidiaries.
Date Posted: 2014/05/04 11:26:46
Ref. JB3047085
Similar Jobs
Recommended Courses
Invite Your
Friends to Bayt.com
Find Jobs
About Bayt.com
Bayt.com is the leading job site in the Gulf and Middle East, connecting job seekers with employers looking to hire.
Every day, thousands of new job vacancies are listed on the award-winning platform from the region's top employers.
Company
Quick Links
Follow
© 2000-2014 Bayt.com, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
-
Reproduction of material from any Bayt.com pages without written permission is strictly prohibited.