PPC Associate Jobs in Ln Technologies in Karachi, Pakistan - Ref. 106060
Toggle navigation
PPC Associate Jobs in Ln Technologies in Karachi, Pakistan
PPC Associate Job in Ln Technologies, Pakistan
Category
Job Type
Shift Timings
Requires Traveling
No
Career Level
Experienced (Non-Managerial)
Number Of Vacancies
1
Required Qualification
MBA-Marketing
Required Experience
1 Years
Salary Per Month
20,000 - 30,000 PKR
Posted on
29/04/2014
Last Date
31/05/2014
Company
Location
,
Job Description
LNTechnologies is looking for an intelligent, motivated Associate PPC specialist for a full-time opportunity to assist our clients in meeting their Web presence objectives. The ideal candidate will have at least 6 month to 1 year of experience in Pay-Per Click Advertising (PPC), strong written and verbal skills, and familiarity with Google AdWords and Yahoo! Search Marketing (YSM). Knowledge of MSN Ad Center and AskJeeves PPC are a plus. The candidate should also be results driven, ambitious, organized, articulate and a self-starter. The PPC Specialist will be responsible for developing, implementing and launching PPC Campaigns for various clients in an array of industries. The candidate must have a strong understanding of searching in e-marketing in Google AdWords, Google Analytics, Yahoo, MSN and AOL. Experience with Excel and Power Point preferred. Duties Perform account management and of pay per click accounts on Google AdWords, Yahoo, Bing and other search platforms for a variety of clients.Maintain and monitor keyword bids, account daily and monthly budget caps, impression share, quality score and other important account metrics.Manage large keyword lists.Provide creative copy suggestions and graphical ad templates.Manage Display network placement lists on AdWords and through other contextual advertising platforms.Provide recommendations and execute strategies for keyword opportunities, campaign structuring, targeting, display network, and other facets of paid search in accordance with client goals.Generate new paid search campaigns, ad groups, and accounts and aid in the creation of new paid search marketing initiatives.Generate weekly and monthly client reporting for all major metrics, goals tracking, revenue tracking, and other paid search initiatives.Keep pace with search engine and PPC industry trends and developments.Monitor and administer web analytics dashboards, reports and key reporting tools, and point out key areas of importance in accordance client goals.Monitor and evaluate search results and search performance across the major search channels.Work closely with the other team members to meet client goals.
Job Specification
Specifications1 2 years’ experience in Search Engine Marketing (SEM) and Paid Search (PPC).Passion for Search and internet marketing.Outstanding ability to think creatively, and identify and resolve problems.Attention to detail and the ability to effectively multi-task in a deadline driven atmosphere.Ability to learn new industries and new business types quickly and can apply this knowledge to internet marketing initiatives and achieving client goals.Experience with website analysis using a variety of analytics tools including Google Analytics as well as internal reporting tools.Experience working with popular PPC ad platforms (AdWords, Yahoo, Bing).Proficiency in managing moderate to large scale PPC accounts in a variety of different business verticals.AdWords / Bing certification a plus.Bachelor’s degree. BSCS degree preferred.
×
Warning!
Do not make any payment to any company, a genuine employer will never ask you to pay in any case. ()
Jobs by Category
Jobs by Type
Jobs by Shift
Jobs in Pakistan
Jobs in Middle East
Other Tools
Copyright © 2014
All Rights Reserved -
- A Project of
×
Members Logon