Arabic Speaking Sales Manager - Elevators Job in Abu Dhabi - Executive Solutions - Bayt.com
OK
Cancel
Loading...
Loading...
Jobs
Jobs
Salaries
People Companies Specialties
- All -
- All -Algeria (12)Bahrain (115)Dubai (1555)Egypt (495)Iraq (81)Jordan (390)Kuwait (740)Lebanon (249)Libya (16)Morocco (12)Oman (96)Pakistan (33)Qatar (1055)Saudi Arabia (2766)Sri Lanka (62)Tunisia (6)UAE (3582)Yemen (3)
Loading...
Menu - []
›
› Job Description
Arabic Speaking Sales Manager - Elevators
- ,
Date Posted: 2014/05/04 08:37:24
Ref. JB3046993
Job Description
We are seeking an experienced Arabic Speaking Sales Manager to be based in the Abu Dhabi regional office.
The company is a leading multinational elevator company with a strong international reputation.
Ideal candidates will hold at least 5 years UAE sales experience. Based within the Sales Department the role will report directly to the Branch Manager. The purpose of this role to successful expand the portfolio to the company whilst keeping a competitive edge in line with the market demands.
The main responsibilities of this role are the following;
•	Identifying and Meeting the Clients / Consultants / Contractors and listening to customer requirements and doing excellent presentations to make a sale.
•	Maintaining and developing relationships with existing customers in person, and via telephone
calls and emails, and Reporting and Maintaining Records as per Company requirements
•	Negotiating Terms of Agreement and Securing Sales
•	Representing the organization at trade exhibitions, events and demonstrations.
•	Understand the company products and provide technical support to the Sales team during design phase of projects
•	Carryout Traffic Analysis, workout all necessary dimensions to support consultants during design and advise an appropriate solution in a professional and effect manner
•	Study inquiries / tenders regarding commercial and technical matters
•	Clarify the client’s requirement and prepare final agreed specifications / inquiries, prepare compliance statements.
•	When specification allows, calculate the material cost based on existing calculation tools or send to the factory for material cost. Based on the material cost, calculate the total cost including all local cost (Installation, local materials etc) and a quotation for the client has to be prepared
•	Coordinate with other departments (Installation, projects, finance, safety etc) to prepare all necessary information for submitting with the quotation / tender (Including arranging bonds, special approvals, etc.)
Skills
Essential:
•	Minimum experience of 8 years experience within Sales – of which 3 years must be within the UAE covering Elevators
•	Bachelor Degree in Engineering (preferably Mechanical or Electrical Engineer)
•	Fluent Spoken Arabic
•	Fluent written and spoken English
Job Details
Job Location:
Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates
Company Industry:
Engineering; Sales; Construction/Civil Engineering
Company Type:
Employer (Private Sector)
Job Role:
Sales
Joining Date:
Unspecified
Employment Status:
Unspecified
Employment Type:
Unspecified
Monthly Salary Range:
Unspecified
Manages Others:
Unspecified
Number of Vacancies:
1
Preferred Candidate
Career Level:
Mid Career
Years of Experience:
Min: 5
Residence Location:
Unspecified
Gender:
Unspecified
Nationality:
Unspecified
Degree:
Unspecified
Date Posted: 2014/05/04 08:37:24
Ref. JB3046993
Recommended Courses
Invite Your
Friends to Bayt.com
Find Jobs
About Bayt.com
Bayt.com is the leading job site in the Gulf and Middle East, connecting job seekers with employers looking to hire.
Every day, thousands of new job vacancies are listed on the award-winning platform from the region's top employers.
Company
Quick Links
Follow
© 2000-2014 Bayt.com, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
-
Reproduction of material from any Bayt.com pages without written permission is strictly prohibited.