Commercial Manager
PM – NEMEA
Job in Dubai - Boehringer Ingelheim - Bayt.com
OK
Cancel
Loading...
Loading...
Jobs
Jobs
Salaries
People Companies Specialties
- All -
- All -Algeria (12)Bahrain (115)Dubai (1555)Egypt (495)Iraq (81)Jordan (390)Kuwait (740)Lebanon (249)Libya (16)Morocco (12)Oman (96)Pakistan (33)Qatar (1055)Saudi Arabia (2766)Sri Lanka (62)Tunisia (6)UAE (3582)Yemen (3)
Loading...
Menu - []
›
› Job Description
Commercial Manager
PM – NEMEA
- ,
Date Posted: 2014/05/04 08:35:10
Ref. JB3046884
Job Description
Purpose of the position
To support the business in ensuring smooth and continuous supply of goods, with timely delivery of planned shipments to countries through efficient coordination between Business Heads, Local Agents & Supply Chain Team. The role will be also responsible for tenders’ quotation & follow up.
Consolidation of sales booking from the countries and LTF/OL planning
Core Job Responsibilities
•	To manage the export sales operations and ensure accuracy & timely process, to support and meet business demands
•	To develop and implement sales order plan in coordination with the Country Business Heads to achieve the company’s financial objectives putting into consideration the impact of pricing strategy
•
To act as a point of contact between BI Regional Office and local agents ensuring that the goods reach the stores in its required timelines
•	To plan and develop processes that will improve the operational quality and efficiency of business reports needed locally
•	To consolidate NEMEA sales forecast from the NEMEA countries during outlook and LTF planning cycles
•	To Follow- up the local manufactured products and anticipate demands for API supplies
•	To be responsible for tenders quotations and booking and follow-up and reporting
•	To
provide the management team with the latest stock movement and records
•	To co-ordinate with the SFEO & Sales Coordinator for data validation and Cognos input
•	Provide inputs to support the agency contracts / updates
•	Gather and provide data business development function
•	Adhere to company polices / procedures and Compliance
Skills
Competencies Required
•	Solid Problem Solving, Decision Making and Analytical capabilities
•	The capacity to be Proactive, Influential and Amenable
•	Strong Negotiation and Organizational Skills
•	Efficient Presentation and Communications Skills
•	Good Knowledge and Expertise in Local Legislation and Regulation
•	Excel / Word / PowerPoint
General Requirements
•	Bachelor degree in Science and /or
Business
•	A minimum of 3 years experience in a Managerial role
Candidate Profile
Job Title:
Commercial Manager- PM / NEMEA ( Prescription Medicine for Near East Middle East Area )
Reporting Line: Sales Director- PM / NEMEA
Location: Dubai
Languages: Fluent in English.
Arabic is a plus
Job Details
Job Location:
Dubai, United Arab Emirates
Company Industry:
Pharmaceutical; Healthcare, other
Company Type:
Employer (Private Sector)
Job Role:
Management
Joining Date:
Unspecified
Employment Status:
Full time
Employment Type:
Employee
Monthly Salary Range:
Unspecified
Manages Others:
No
Number of Vacancies:
1
Preferred Candidate
Career Level:
Management
Years of Experience:
Min: 3
Residence Location:
United Arab Emirates
Gender:
Unspecified
Nationality:
Unspecified
Degree:
Bachelor's degree / higher diploma
Date Posted: 2014/05/04 08:35:10
Ref. JB3046884
Recommended Courses
Invite Your
Friends to Bayt.com
Find Jobs
About Bayt.com
Bayt.com is the leading job site in the Gulf and Middle East, connecting job seekers with employers looking to hire.
Every day, thousands of new job vacancies are listed on the award-winning platform from the region's top employers.
Company
Quick Links
Follow
© 2000-2014 Bayt.com, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
-
Reproduction of material from any Bayt.com pages without written permission is strictly prohibited.