Looking for Trainer/ Instructor - Karachi - PakProBiz.com - 45864
Looking for Trainer/ Instructor - Karachi
Education / Training Jobs in Karachi
>
>>>
COMPANY AD
Looking for Trainer/ Instructor
Job Offer: Education / Training Jobs
We organize various short Engineering courses in Karachi.
Now we are willing to expand our network and want to offer more courses. Hence we invite those instructors/ trainers who are interested to coach/ teach different technical short courses in the afternoon/ evening timing. We have proper space at Ayesha Manzil where we conduct the courses.
The intention is that to provide up-dated & enhance knowledge of Pakistani technical persons which help them in their existing job as well as get better job in their respective field.
Interested persons can contact us so we have a meeting to discuss further
Regards
S. Arif
Mobile: 0300-8262823
E-mail: ets (at) cyber (dot) net (dot) pk
AERO Technologies & NDT services
Karachi
Share:
Advertiser:Anonymous
Location:
Karachi, Sindh, Pakistan
List ID:18912
Update:Tuesday, 29 April 2014
Shop safely! Read some tips .
You may also be interested in other 'Education / Training Jobs' ads:
I am offering my services as a tutor of 1 to10 classes accounting and b. maths/statistics to B. Com students at your doorstep.
Can Contact 0347-2011049
Karachi
Sindh
IELTS Most recent result GT test fauzia rizwan got 7. 0 band (006517)
In 1st attempt. And Tauseef got 7. 0 band overall.
It was his 2nd attempt. At 1st he prepared himself & got 5. 5 band.
Join SIR SM IMRAN tomorrow at sharae faisal. Never leave it for 2nd attempt like tauseef.
we actually want to save ur time & money.
For latest results visit ieltsinkarachi. weebly. com
IELTS / TOEFL preparation course classes teacher institute training center test exam tution center coaching in Karachi. UK spouse visa esol a1 b1 b2 c1 c2 level english test classes in Karachi. ...
Karachi
Sindh
Dear all if you are having experience in any field but donot having govt certification you can get it through AIMMS islamabad on experience /assignment base in short time. courses and fee call or visit us .
h. 955 street 47 sector G11/2 Islamabad 03005328609/0512112487
Rs.15,500
Islamabad
Islamabad Capital
WHO WE ARE
We are working as an educational services provider. Our focus is to provide professional and expert management to our clients in order to make their institute at their desired level.
WHAT WE DO
We are highly encouraged those professionals who want to participate with us in creating an environment through which professional expertise regarding your field can be utilized at multiple plate form.
We are also encourage those new teachers or new candidates who have skills to teach, guide, coach, trained others.
HOW TO APPROACH US:
Educational institutes, professional ...
Islamabad
Islamabad Capital
We are working as an educational services provider. Our focus is to create an environment with the collaboration of corporate sector and educational institutes through which provision of best human resource can be possible for educational institutes and corporate sector as per their desired level. Which increase productivity and performance of the department and as well as the organization s profit or institute s performance.
How To Approach Us:
in case of any concern please send an email at professionalteachersresources gmail. com...
Islamabad
Islamabad Capital
© 2014 PakProBiz.com - Pakistan Online Marketplace
PakProBiz.com works best with JavaScript enabled