Phone Banking Representative (UAE National) Job in Ras Al Khaimah - RAKBANK - Bayt.com
OK
Cancel
Loading...
Loading...
Jobs
Jobs
Salaries
People Companies Specialties
- All -
- All -Algeria (12)Bahrain (115)Dubai (1555)Egypt (495)Iraq (81)Jordan (390)Kuwait (740)Lebanon (249)Libya (16)Morocco (12)Oman (96)Pakistan (33)Qatar (1055)Saudi Arabia (2766)Sri Lanka (62)Tunisia (6)UAE (3582)Yemen (3)
Loading...
Menu - []
›
› Job Description
Phone Banking Representative (UAE National)
- ,
Date Posted: 2014/05/04 10:35:15
Ref. JB3047062
Job Description
We have Full-time and Part-time positions for UAE National candidates in our Phone Banking Department in Ras Al Khaimah.
The candidates will be required to:
• Interact with customers over the phone to understand their banking needs.
• Provide excellent customer services to achieve customer loyalty.
• Resolve problems over the telephone.
• Convert sales opportunities in order to meet financial targets.
• Clarify and explain procedures and products over the telephone
Skills
Candidates should have minimum High School qualifications with good English communication skills and flexibility to work part time day shifts (for part-time candidates).
Job Details
Job Location:
Ras Al Khaimah, United Arab Emirates
Company Industry:
Banking
Company Type:
Employer (Private Sector)
Job Role:
Customer Service
Joining Date:
Unspecified
Employment Status:
Unspecified
Employment Type:
Unspecified
Monthly Salary Range:
Unspecified
Manages Others:
Unspecified
Number of Vacancies:
1
Preferred Candidate
Career Level:
Management
Years of Experience:
Unspecified
Residence Location:
Unspecified
Gender:
Unspecified
Nationality:
United Arab Emirates
Degree:
Unspecified
About This Company
RAKBANK, the trading name of the National Bank of Ras Al-Khaimah, is a public joint stock company, headquartered in the emirate of Ras Al-Khaimah, in the UAE. The Head Office of the bank is situated in RAKBANK Building, Emirates Rd, Ras Al-Khaimah. The bank is 52.75% owned by the Government of Ras Al-Khaimah.
Shares are publicly traded. Board consists of several members of the ruling family of the emirate of Ras-Al Khaimah and businessmen from UAE and Kuwait. The bank is engaged in providing retail and corporate banking services through a network of thirty three branches in the United Arab Emirates, but all the transactions are handled on a strictly commercial basis.
Board of Directors
H.E. Shaikh Omar bin Saqr Al-Qasimi
Chairman U.A.E
H.E. Shaikh Salim bin Sultan Al-Qasimi
Member U.A.E
Mr. Hamad Abdulaziz Al Sagar
Member Kuwait
Mr. Abdul Aziz Abdulla Al Zaabi
Member U.A.E
Mr. Yousuf Obaid Essa Al Nuaimi
Member U.A.E
Mr. Ahmed Essa Al Naeem
Member U.A.E
Mr. Salem Ali Abdulla Saeed Al Sharhan Al Nuaimi
Member U.A.E
Date Posted: 2014/05/04 10:35:15
Ref. JB3047062
Recommended Courses
Invite Your
Friends to Bayt.com
Find Jobs
About Bayt.com
Bayt.com is the leading job site in the Gulf and Middle East, connecting job seekers with employers looking to hire.
Every day, thousands of new job vacancies are listed on the award-winning platform from the region's top employers.
Company
Quick Links
Follow
© 2000-2014 Bayt.com, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
-
Reproduction of material from any Bayt.com pages without written permission is strictly prohibited.