CEO - Retail Job in Dubai - Bayt.com
OK
Cancel
Loading...
Loading...
Jobs
Jobs
Salaries
People Companies Specialties
- All -
- All -Algeria (12)Bahrain (115)Dubai (1555)Egypt (495)Iraq (81)Jordan (390)Kuwait (740)Lebanon (249)Libya (16)Morocco (12)Oman (96)Pakistan (33)Qatar (1055)Saudi Arabia (2766)Sri Lanka (62)Tunisia (6)UAE (3582)Yemen (3)
Loading...
Menu - []
›
› Job Description
CEO - Retail
Confidential Company - ,
Date Posted: 2014/05/04 09:17:00
Ref. JB3047023
Job Description
This position shall have overall responsibility of the Retail Division, comprising of all the Retail Brands and outlets within the division.
Strategically lead the success of the retail division through developing and driving strategy.
Prioritizing cross functional partnership and team initiatives.
Recommend and develop strategies to support aggressive business growth and store expansion, while maintaining fiscal responsibility.
Manage, inspire and grow individuals to build excellent Retail teams across the Organization
Educate, support, guide and develop the individual Retail / Brand Heads across the various brands / divisions
Identifying and proposing new locations, negotiations with Mall Managements and Leasing Departments for the same.
Coordinating with Principals for maintaining relationships on existing brands
Proposing and developing new brands, working on Franchise Agreements and Contracts for the new brands
Develop and gain approval for long term retail strategies and prioritize annual initiatives to support brand strategies and increase earnings.
Provide clear direction for seasonal investments and ensure financial targets are met.
Motivate and inspire retail teams to drive for results.
Build strong working relationships with the Heads of the various divisions, internally.
Oversee monthly design, buying, planning, production, allocation strategies, logistics and warehouse.
Strong presentation, communication and writing skills.
Skills
The ideal candidate would be a strategic and strong leadership individual that can assess employee strengths and developmental needs. This candidate should have extensive experience (minimum of 5 years) in a similar role, in the UAE / GCC markets. The candidate should have prior experience in acquiring new Franchises / Brands, identifying and proposing new locations, aggressive store expansions, etc.
This candidate would be directly reporting to the Chairman & Board of Directors, and would have a team of Brand Heads reporting to him.
This job is posted in the following Specialties:
Education
Master's Degree or Post-graduate Diploma in Management
Job Details
Job Location:
Dubai, United Arab Emirates
Company Industry:
Retail/Wholesale
Company Type:
Employer (Private Sector)
Job Role:
Management
Joining Date:
2014-07-01
Employment Status:
Full time
Employment Type:
Employee
Monthly Salary Range:
Unspecified
Manages Others:
Yes
Number of Vacancies:
1
Preferred Candidate
Career Level:
Executive/Director
Years of Experience:
Min: 5
Residence Location:
United Arab Emirates
Gender:
Male
Nationality:
Unspecified
Degree:
Bachelor's degree / higher diploma
Date Posted: 2014/05/04 09:17:00
Ref. JB3047023
Recommended Courses
Invite Your
Friends to Bayt.com
Find Jobs
About Bayt.com
Bayt.com is the leading job site in the Gulf and Middle East, connecting job seekers with employers looking to hire.
Every day, thousands of new job vacancies are listed on the award-winning platform from the region's top employers.
Company
Quick Links
Follow
© 2000-2014 Bayt.com, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
-
Reproduction of material from any Bayt.com pages without written permission is strictly prohibited.