GulfTalent.com
Senior MEP Consultant – Hospital
NSI & Bluefin Talent
UAE
Posted on: 4 May 2014
THE ROLE
Expand all
Oversee planning, design and implementation of MEP services for large scale hospital projects.
• Interaction with technical consultants to ensure design of MEP services is as per clients
requirements.
• Based on experience appropriate technologies to be suggested to reduce operational costs
• Check Bill of Quantities of all services against drawings submitted by the consultants
• Identify vendors for supply of MEP equipment
• Identify contractors for carrying out MEP work on site
• Procurement of all material and ensuring timely delivery on site
• Ability to manage men, material and site progress
• Supervise work & monitor as per construction drawings & documents
REQUIREMENTS
It is a mandatory requirement for the candidate to have Masters in Electrical or Mechanical Engineering.
Minimum ten (10) years of engineering experience including, but not limited to mechanical, electrical, plumbing, fire protection, controls, lighting systems and energy management.
Five (5) years of project management experience directly supervising engineers both in a design environment as well as on construction sites.
ABOUT THE COMPANY
New Sourcing International (NSI) / Bluefin Talent have partnered so to offer a specialized recruitment solution in both the technology and financial services domain.
Working together as a specialist search and selection agency, we concentrate on 'blue chip' financial services & technology consulting organizations across London and the Middle East; focusing exclusively on Financial Services, IT and Risk. Being niche allows us to offer a premium search service, tailored to overcome the technically challenging nature of recruitment for the specialist functions that we work.
We are dedicated to representing 'best of breed' candidates in the region in our dedicated fields of employment. As such we are a leading outfit for placing ex-pats and internationally educated students in the region.
Our biggest unique selling point, is that we are steered by a dedicated team of ex-financial services and IT industry professionals. This allows us to offer a level of candidate pre-screening for roles, which is largely anomalous to the recruitment profession. Our ability to bridge the technical knowledge gap typical recruiters encounter, coupled with a thorough delivery process allows us to drive consistently superior results for our clients' sourcing requirements. Designed to provide a fast and efficient turnaround, we minimize the use of internal resources our clients spend vetting inadequate profiles, allowing them to quickly get back to focusing on their strategic goals.
Our strength lies not only in the specialist nature of our firm, but also in the commitment we show towards our clients and candidates. We endeavour to build long-term relationships and recognise the crucial nature of communication throughout the recruitment process. Excellence, integrity, respect and transparency are cornerstone to the culture we promote.
Send
|
|