TEFL Teacher - Abu Dhabi, UAE (24789309) - reed.co.uk
The UK's #1 job site.
Email
Password
Keep me signed in
Draft application
You haven't saved any jobs yet
Email saved jobs to:
Find a job
Search in job title only
Search
to
per annum
per hour
Permanent
Contract
Temporary
Full-time
Part-time
|
TEFL Teacher - Abu Dhabi, UAE
, United Arab Emirates
£25,000 - £27,000 per annum
38 applications
Job type:
Contract, full-time
Date:
28 April
Reference:
24789309
Duration:
2 Years - Renewable
Astute Education specialise in recruiting contracted and permanent staff to Nurseries, Primary, Middle, Secondary, Further & Higher Education establishments around the world. One of our clients in Abu Dhabi, UAE, an established group of Schools founded over
10 years ago, is looking to appoint a qualified TEFL Teacher to start in August 2014 as the school expands the large faculty on a yearly basis. The coeducational school educates predominantly the local UAE community with some international students, preparing them to leave education and contribute effectively in the Emirati workforce. They are looking for someone who is able to teach English Language
skills to pupils aged 14 to 16 years. You will be joining a multi-national team of staff from the UK, Australia, Canada, South Africa and USA who teach a curriculum that is designed to combine practical and academic skills with a rich variety of aesthetic, cultural and sporting opportunities.
You will have a passion for teaching English to Secondary age children, have a flexible approach, be committed to high standards and be prepared to participate in all aspects of school life. Requirements Recent Home / International TEFL teaching experience UK / AUS / Canadian / NZ / South African / USA qualified Bachelor's degree in English language and literature / linguistics/ applied linguistics TEFL / CELTA or an equivalent certificate for teaching English as a foreign language Minimum of 2 years relevant teaching experience at a recognized educational Institute Package Tax free salary - £25,000 to £27,000 per annum Two year contract (renewable) Accommodation allowance - £15,000 to £18,500 per annum Schooling Allowance for children - £13,400 per annum Medical Insurance - Teacher, spouse & up to 3 children Relocation Allowance - £3300 Airfare for Teacher, spouse and up to 3 dependent children below the age of 18 years Other associated benefits Abu Dhabi, UAE The capital and the second largest city of the United Arab Emirates in terms of population and the largest of the seven member emirates of the UAE. It lies on a T-shaped island jutting into the Persian Gulf from the central western coast and has grown to
be a cosmopolitan metropolis. Its rapid development and urbanization, coupled with the relatively high average income of its population, has transformed Abu Dhabi. Today the city is the country's center of political, industrial activities, and a major cultural
and commercial center due to its position as the capital. Although not as sophisticated as Dubai, if you want a more laid back lifestyle with some attractive greenery and great opportunities to visit the coast, deserts and oasis’s such as Al-Ain and Liwa then
it’s the place for you. You can expect a high standard of living in this country. Interviews to be held in the UK on Saturday 17th and Sunday 18th May Please contact us for a more detailed job description and personal specification. If you are looking to teach overseas we have client schools worldwide who are recruiting for positions in Nursery, Primary, Secondary and FE for the 2014/2015 academic year. Please forward your CV to Colin at Astute Education or call +44 (0) 1159 050148 for more information about these great opportunities.
Required skills & expertise:
International Schools
International Students
Linguistics
TEFL
English language skills
Loading, please wait...
>
There is no need to provide bank account details or payment to any person or organisation when applying for a job.
reed.co.uk is not responsible for the content of any external websites linked to or referenced on this site and recommends that all job applications are made via the ‘Apply now’ button above. If you have concerns about any job you see on reed.co.uk, please
.
Sponsored links
Send me more jobs like this
Email
By signing up to Job Alert emails you agree to our
and .
Replace a saved search
We're already sending an email alert to this address
""
If you'd like to replace this, click the replace button, or
to save more email alerts
Replace a saved search
You already have ten searches saved, select a search below to replace it.
Sign in to create your email job alert.
Sign In
Email
Password
Keep me signed in
People who applied to this job also applied to
£25,000 - £27,000
Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates
Competitive salary
Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates
£21,840 - £25,800
Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates
€45,000 - €60,000
Dubai, United Arab Emirates
£25,000 - £27,000
Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates
Get qualified for this job
Looking for a graduate?
Application for TEFL Teacher - Abu Dhabi, UAE
Sign In
Email
Password
Keep me signed in
Register
Email
Upload CV
You already have a CV Builder account. To upgrade to a full jobseeker account, please enter your password.
Password
Before you can apply for this job we need your CV and a few more details.
Email TEFL Teacher - Abu Dhabi, UAE
Email from
Email to
Sorry - we can't use that file.
Please try again with a CV that is:
.doc, .docx, .rtf, .txt or .pdf format
less than 200kb in size.
Change
Jobs
Courses
Reed
Connect with us
More from reed.co.uk
Copyright © reed.co.uk 2014
Triple your chances of getting the job you want.
24789309
JavaScript must be enabled in order for you to use reed.co.uk. However, it seems JavaScript is either disabled or not supported by your browser. To use reed.co.uk, , then try again.