GulfTalent.com
Maintenance Assistant – IKEA
Al Futtaim Group
Al Ain, UAE
Posted on: 4 May 2014
THE ROLE
Expand all
One of the companies bearing Al-Futtaim name is IKEA.
IKEA is the world's largest home furnishings store, founded in Sweden over 60 years ago. At IKEA not only our furniture is down to earth, straightforward and inspiring, but so is our work ethics. Despite being the leading home furnishing retail franchisee across the world, we at IKEA still give you the room to grow! At IKEA creating a better everyday life for the many isn't only our vision, it's our way of life!
* Assists in providing an integrated HS&M operational 24 hours / day, 365 days / year within IKEA store.
* Assists ensuring provision of a Safety service complying HSE instructions.
* Insures execution of all planned and recommended measures.
* Assists resolving immediate Safety & Maintenance concerns.
* Support enhancing HSM operation according to the certified HSM plan, IKEA standards and policies.
REQUIREMENTS
* Perform assigned tasks allocated by Maintenance Senior Supervision for planned measures ensuring IKEA customer, co-worker, property and HSM facilities within store.
* Fill in daily check lists & support in supervision on sub- contractor works. daily activities & irregularities, such as equipment or property damage,
* Be actively involved in routine and procedures implementation for safety of customers & co-workers.
* Support cost controlling through working in a lean, simple, cost-conscious way using good examples and solutions, encouraging colleagues to discover more effective ways of working.
* Provide support in cleaning work
Minimum Qualifications and Knowledge:
Technical School Graduate
Minimum Experience:
3 years in a similar role.
Job-Specific Skills:
Technical Skills, Good Communication Skills, Quick Response skills.
Behavioural Competencies:
Problem Solving, Confidence, Time controller
ABOUT THE COMPANY
Established in the 1930's, the Al-Futtaim Group initially operated as a trading enterprise. Rapid development throughout the 1940's and 50's saw it establish itself regionally as an integrated commercial, industrial and services organisation, positioning itself one of the leading business houses in the lower Gulf region. Today, it operates collectively over 40 companies bearing the Al-Futtaim name, dominates many market segments in the UAE, and has expanded its sphere of operation to include Bahrain, Kuwait, Qatar, Oman and Egypt.
The Group comprises a diverse range of strategically positioned operating subsidiaries and associate companies, structured to give the Al-Futtaim Group the flexibility and versatility to keep ahead of local competition while keeping pace with the ever-evolving global business scenario. The Group’s continued investment in world-class systems technology is clear evidence of its commitment to maintain leading edge performance and service delivery.
The success of the Al-Futtaim Group can be attributed to a business approach that combines the ability to change with the traditional values of integrity, service and social responsibility that define its core business philosophy. This, linked with the Group’s belief in decentralisation, gives the heads of the operating companies a high degree of functional autonomy and authority, providing the Group with essential flexibility, and individual employees a clearly defined work culture and sense of responsibility.
Send
|
|