GulfTalent.com
Store Manager – IKEA
Al Futtaim Group
Al Ain, UAE
Posted on: 4 May 2014
THE ROLE
Expand all
One of the leading brands in the Al-Futtaim Retail collection is the world famous IKEA.
IKEA is the world's largest home furnishings store, founded in Sweden over 60 years ago. At IKEA not only our furniture is down to earth, straightforward and inspiring, but so is our work ethic. Despite being the leading home furnishing retail franchisee across the world, we at IKEA still give you the room to grow!
At IKEA creating a better everyday life for the many isn't only our vision, it's our way of life!
Reporting into our Senior GM for IKEA we have an excellent opportunity for an experienced Store Manager to be based in our Al Ain operation.
As a key member of our Store Establishment team; your first priority will be to work with Al Futtaim management along with the Principal to ensure that the store is ready and open for business. Once the store is open you will than assume responsibility for the day to day operations of the store and lead a team of approx 350 co-workers. As full P&L responsibility will be given; you will also have the challenging task of driving our business forward and ensure the Store is fulfilling its objectives financially.
Other key responsibilities include:
Strategic Implementation of IKEA Concept: Working in partnership with our principal you will be a key custodian of the brand and will ensure the brand's integrity is maintained throughout the Store and is implemented to our Principal's standards and guidelines.
Staff Management: You will ensure that the Store has a positive and supportive work environment and the staff are suitably recruited, trained and motivated to perform their jobs effectively.
Store Development: You will support the process of developing the store by proactively keeping abreast of advances in the business locally, within the region and within the international market.
Relationship Building: Cultivate a proactive partnership with the Al Futtaim Management team along with our Principal located in Sweden. In addition you will also develop strong partnerships with local authorities such as Government, Health Authorities & Labour/Immigration Departments.
Â
REQUIREMENTS
This job is not suited for a person who has managed a small retail outlet. We're looking for a leader who has a minimum of five years experience in managing a big-box retail store that possesses a minimum headcount of 200 FTE.
As we are looking for somebody who has a strong track record in driving sales and building customer loyalty please be prepared to provide us with demonstrated examples of how you have done this in the past. Naturally your ability to influence and negotiate with key decision makers will compliment your strong leadership and relationship building skills.
Candidates who have previous IKEA Store Management experience are very much encouraged to apply.
ABOUT THE COMPANY
Established in the 1930's, the Al-Futtaim Group initially operated as a trading enterprise. Rapid development throughout the 1940's and 50's saw it establish itself regionally as an integrated commercial, industrial and services organisation, positioning itself one of the leading business houses in the lower Gulf region. Today, it operates collectively over 40 companies bearing the Al-Futtaim name, dominates many market segments in the UAE, and has expanded its sphere of operation to include Bahrain, Kuwait, Qatar, Oman and Egypt.
The Group comprises a diverse range of strategically positioned operating subsidiaries and associate companies, structured to give the Al-Futtaim Group the flexibility and versatility to keep ahead of local competition while keeping pace with the ever-evolving global business scenario. The Group’s continued investment in world-class systems technology is clear evidence of its commitment to maintain leading edge performance and service delivery.
The success of the Al-Futtaim Group can be attributed to a business approach that combines the ability to change with the traditional values of integrity, service and social responsibility that define its core business philosophy. This, linked with the Group’s belief in decentralisation, gives the heads of the operating companies a high degree of functional autonomy and authority, providing the Group with essential flexibility, and individual employees a clearly defined work culture and sense of responsibility.
Send
|
|