GulfTalent.com
Sales Consultant – First Motor Company
Al Futtaim Group
Saudi Arabia
Posted on: 4 May 2014
THE ROLE
Expand all
FMC:
First Motor Company, an Al Futtaim Group Company, represents Chery and Volvo cars in the kingdom of Saudi Arabia. Operating facilities in Riyadh, Dammam and Jeddah. First Motor Company incorporates Al Futtaim best practices and processes, ensuring a superior sales and service experience for our customers in one of the fastest growing automobile markets in the GCC.
Al-Futtaim Automotive occupies the pre-eminent position of the largest distributor of automotive products in the Emirates, and leads the rapid development of automobile business in the UAE, while continuing to contribute to their brands worldwide growth.
The ideal candidate will be able to maximize every sales
opportunity and build long term business relationships with our customers.
The key responsibilities of this role will include:
* Responsible to build in-depth relationships with targeted customers and ensure every customer has positive ownership experience.
* Achieve or exceed allocated sales targets for new units and exploring other sales opportunities such as service contracts and accessories.
* Deliver the highest levels of customer service, thereby creating customer loyalty and repeat sales.
* Adhere to company procedures, particularly around cash and credit handling, to ensure safety of cash and minimum bad debts.
* Constantly improve and update knowledge of product range, features and benefits
* Maintain awareness of automotive industry, paying particular attention to new features, technical developments, market trends, competitor analysis, selling techniques and customer handling skills
REQUIREMENTS
Minimum Qualifications and Knowledge: Degree education preferred, but not essential
Minimum Experience: Essential to have at least 1 -2 years' experience in a similar sales position in retail sales
Job-Specific Competencies: Arabic and English are essential.Â  Other language skills are advantageous. Must possess Technical knowledge of automobiles, negotiation and influencing skills.Â  Knowledge of computers is essential.
Behavioural Competencies: Leadership, negotiation and influencing skills, ability to build strong customer relationships, conflict resolution, ability to think clearly under pressure, ability to take decisions and follow through. Strong team player.
ABOUT THE COMPANY
Established in the 1930's, the Al-Futtaim Group initially operated as a trading enterprise. Rapid development throughout the 1940's and 50's saw it establish itself regionally as an integrated commercial, industrial and services organisation, positioning itself one of the leading business houses in the lower Gulf region. Today, it operates collectively over 40 companies bearing the Al-Futtaim name, dominates many market segments in the UAE, and has expanded its sphere of operation to include Bahrain, Kuwait, Qatar, Oman and Egypt.
The Group comprises a diverse range of strategically positioned operating subsidiaries and associate companies, structured to give the Al-Futtaim Group the flexibility and versatility to keep ahead of local competition while keeping pace with the ever-evolving global business scenario. The Group’s continued investment in world-class systems technology is clear evidence of its commitment to maintain leading edge performance and service delivery.
The success of the Al-Futtaim Group can be attributed to a business approach that combines the ability to change with the traditional values of integrity, service and social responsibility that define its core business philosophy. This, linked with the Group’s belief in decentralisation, gives the heads of the operating companies a high degree of functional autonomy and authority, providing the Group with essential flexibility, and individual employees a clearly defined work culture and sense of responsibility.
Send
|
|