GulfTalent.com
Part Time Financial Controller
Beresford Wilson & Partners (BWP)
Abu Dhabi, UAE
Posted on: 4 May 2014
THE ROLE
Expand all
We are looking for a part t time Financial Controller to look after all aspects of finance for our Abu Dhabi office. This is a stand-alone position, reporting into the local Directors and the UK Finance Manager.
The position involves:
•	Full financial / management reporting for the Abu Dhabi office
•	Producing a monthly finance pack for submission to Head office
•	Budgeting, forecasting and variance analysis
•	Credit control
•	Supplier maintenance and payment
•	Maintenance and recording of financial records in line with accepted policies and procedures
•	Assisting job runners with job costing and fee forecasting
•	Overseeing banking
•	Ad hoc financial reports as needed by the business
•	Managing the work of the contracted book-keeper
•	Working with the Ministry on all Trade License related matters
REQUIREMENTS
Hours: 24 hours per week (days negotiable)
Salary: AED 18,000 inclusive of housing
Benefits: Residency Visa, Medical and an allowance for 1 flight to home country per year.
The Ideal candidate:
Is a qualified accountant with a globally recognised body.
Has experience of running an autonomous finance function.
Needs to be pro-active, flexible and have a good telephone manner.
Has a good standard of English (written and spoken) and Maths.
Has intermediate/advanced Excel and a working knowledge of Word.
Experience of Twinfield would be advantageous.
Western Educated and national preferred
ABOUT THE COMPANY
BWP is a privately owned, top-end, low volume specialist recruiter with an emphasis on the Middle East markets.
The company has pedigree, a pedigree that comes with over 30 years’ combined experience of the local markets and from the capabilities of our staff and from their intimate knowledge of all major white collar sectors in the MENA region.
As well as our bespoke search capacity, we are also able to professionally and knowledgeably advise on all aspects of the human capital dimension; from salary surveys and recruitment strategies to general HR policy , development and training.
Send
Candidates who applied for this job also applied for:
|
|