Director – Internal Audit- Job in Abu Dhabi - Reed Specialist Recruitment - Bayt.com
OK
Cancel
Loading...
Loading...
Jobs
Jobs
Salaries
People Companies Specialties
- All -
- All -Algeria (12)Bahrain (115)Dubai (1555)Egypt (495)Iraq (81)Jordan (390)Kuwait (740)Lebanon (249)Libya (16)Morocco (12)Oman (96)Pakistan (33)Qatar (1055)Saudi Arabia (2766)Sri Lanka (62)Tunisia (6)UAE (3582)Yemen (3)
Loading...
Menu - []
Closed or Expired Job Posting This job posting is closed or has expired and is no longer open for applications.
›
› Job Description
Director – Internal Audit-
- ,
Ref. JB3026935
Job Description
An Educational Institution in Abu Dhabi is seeking a Director – Internal Audit.
Responsibilities:
• Designs, develops and implements internal audit policy and procedures in the institution to ensure compliance with identified objectives, standards and regulations.
• Develops and implements comprehensive audit plans and programs for evaluating the adequacy and effectiveness of the systems of internal control and the quality of performance in carrying out assigned responsibilities.
• Evaluates the accuracy, effectiveness and efficiency of the electronic information and processing systems.
• Issues periodic reports to senior management summarizing the results of audit activities and findings.
Skills
- BA. Major - Accounting, Business or Finance
- Professional Qualification (CA, CPA or CIA)
- Expert level knowledge of auditing concepts, practices and procedures. A minimum of 15 years of progressive audit experience, of which 5 years should be in a senior leadership role.
- Knowledge of IT reviews.
- Knowledge of credible ERP applications
Job Details
Job Location:
Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates
Company Industry:
Education, Training, and Library
Company Type:
Recruitment Agency
Job Role:
Accounting/Banking/Finance
Joining Date:
Unspecified
Employment Status:
Unspecified
Employment Type:
Unspecified
Monthly Salary Range:
Unspecified
Manages Others:
Unspecified
Number of Vacancies:
1
Preferred Candidate
Career Level:
Executive/Director
Years of Experience:
Min: 10
Residence Location:
Unspecified
Gender:
Unspecified
Nationality:
Unspecified
Degree:
Unspecified
About This Company
Reed is a leading global recruitment business providing: search and selection, contingency search and RPO solutions. Reed is operating in over 30 vertical markets with 400 offices world-wide. Our global network gives you access to one pool of candidates and a sector dedicated specialist consultants, with superior knowledge of specific professions and industries including:Banking and FinanceHuman ResourcesInsuranceEngineering	EnergyIT & Technology	Recruitment OutProperty & ConstructionSales & MarketingHealth & Life SciencesOut Sourcing and SolutionsInterview and Selection TrainingReed Qatar is a QFC sponsored business and Reed Dubai is located in Knowledge Village, UAE.We have over 4 years experience in the GCC and have been leaders in total resource solutions for over forty five years, so it is little wonder that we understand our business. We are committed to a continued growth plan in the Middle East with further expansion on the horizon.
Ref. JB3026935
Similar Jobs
Confidential Company - ,
Confidential Company - ,
Recommended Courses
Invite Your
Friends to Bayt.com
Find Jobs
About Bayt.com
Bayt.com is the leading job site in the Gulf and Middle East, connecting job seekers with employers looking to hire.
Every day, thousands of new job vacancies are listed on the award-winning platform from the region's top employers.
Company
Quick Links
Follow
© 2000-2014 Bayt.com, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
-
Reproduction of material from any Bayt.com pages without written permission is strictly prohibited.