Business Center Manager Job in Dubai - Serene Business Centers - Bayt.com
OK
Cancel
Loading...
Loading...
Jobs
Jobs
Salaries
People Companies Specialties
- All -
- All -Algeria (12)Bahrain (115)Dubai (1555)Egypt (495)Iraq (81)Jordan (390)Kuwait (740)Lebanon (249)Libya (16)Morocco (12)Oman (96)Pakistan (33)Qatar (1055)Saudi Arabia (2766)Sri Lanka (0)Tunisia (6)UAE (3582)Yemen (3)
Loading...
Menu - []
›
› Job Description
Business Center Manager
- ,
Date Posted: 2014/05/04 06:58:38
Ref. JB3046927
Job Description
Office Manager Job Purpose: Supports company operations by maintaining office systems and supervising staff.
Office Manager Job Duties:
•	Maintains office services by organizing office operations and procedures; preparing payroll; controlling correspondence; designing filing systems; reviewing and approving supply requisitions; assigning and monitoring
clerical functions.
•	Provides historical reference by defining procedures for retention, protection, retrieval, transfer, and disposal of records.
•	Maintains office efficiency by planning and implementing office systems, layouts, and equipment procurement.
•	Designs and implements office policies by establishing standards and procedures; measuring results
against standards; making necessary adjustments.
•	Completes operational requirements by scheduling and assigning employees; following up on work results.
•	Keeps management informed by reviewing and analyzing special reports; summarizing information; identifying trends.
•	Maintains office staff by orienting, and training employees.
•	Maintains office staff job results by coaching and disciplining employees; planning, monitoring, and appraising job results.
•	Maintains professional and technical
knowledge by attending any given business meetings; reviewing professional publications; establishing personal networks; participating in professional societies.
•	Achieves financial objectives by preparing an annual budget; scheduling expenditures; analyzing variances; initiating corrective
actions.
•	Contributes to team effort by accomplishing related results
as needed.
•	Showing around Business Center offices to prospective clients
Skills
Skills/Qualifications : Supply Management, Informing Others, Tracking Budget Expenses, Delegation, Staffing, Managing Processes, Supervision, Developing Standards, Promoting Process
Improvement, Inventory Control, Reporting Skills.
Job Details
Job Location:
Dubai, United Arab Emirates
Company Industry:
Business Support
Company Type:
Employer (Private Sector)
Job Role:
Management
Joining Date:
2014-06-01
Employment Status:
Full time
Employment Type:
Employee
Monthly Salary Range:
$3,000 - $4,000
Manages Others:
Yes
Number of Vacancies:
2
Preferred Candidate
Career Level:
Management
Years of Experience:
Min: 2
Residence Location:
United Arab Emirates
Gender:
Female
Nationality:
Unspecified
Degree:
Bachelor's degree / higher diploma
Date Posted: 2014/05/04 06:58:38
Ref. JB3046927
Similar Jobs
Confidential Company - ,
Recommended Courses
Invite Your
Friends to Bayt.com
Find Jobs
About Bayt.com
Bayt.com is the leading job site in the Gulf and Middle East, connecting job seekers with employers looking to hire.
Every day, thousands of new job vacancies are listed on the award-winning platform from the region's top employers.
Company
Quick Links
Follow
© 2000-2014 Bayt.com, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
-
Reproduction of material from any Bayt.com pages without written permission is strictly prohibited.