Business Development Executive Job in Dubai - Bayt.com
OK
Cancel
Loading...
Loading...
Jobs
Jobs
Salaries
People Companies Specialties
- All -
- All -Algeria (12)Bahrain (115)Dubai (1555)Egypt (495)Iraq (81)Jordan (390)Kuwait (740)Lebanon (249)Libya (16)Morocco (12)Oman (96)Pakistan (33)Qatar (1055)Saudi Arabia (2766)Sri Lanka (0)Tunisia (6)UAE (3582)Yemen (3)
Loading...
Menu - []
›
› Job Description
Business Development Executive
Confidential Company - ,
Date Posted: 2014/05/04 06:40:06
Ref. JB3046911
Job Description
Business Development Manager Job Purpose: Builds market position by locating, developing, defining, negotiating, and closing business relationships.
Business Development Manager Job Duties:
- Identifies trendsetter ideas by researching industry and related events, publications, and announcements; tracking individual contributors and their accomplishments.
- Locates or proposes potential business deals by contacting potential partners; discovering and exploring opportunities.
- Screens potential business deals by analyzing market strategies, deal requirements, potential, and financials; evaluating options; resolving internal priorities; recommending equity investments.
- Develops negotiating strategies and positions by studying integration of new venture with company strategies and operations; examining risks and potentials; estimating partners' needs and goals.
- Closes new business deals by coordinating requirements; developing and negotiating contracts; integrating contract requirements with business operations.
- Protects organization's value by keeping information confidential.
- Updates job knowledge by participating in educational opportunities; reading professional publications; maintaining personal networks; participating in professional organizations.
- Enhances organization reputation by accepting ownership for accomplishing new and different requests; exploring opportunities to add value to job accomplishments.
Skills
Skills/Qualifications:
Closing Skills, Motivation for Sales, Prospecting Skills, Sales Planning, Selling to Customer Needs, Territory Management, Market Knowledge, Presentation Skills, Energy Level, Meeting Sales Goals, Professionalism
Job Details
Job Location:
Dubai, United Arab Emirates
Company Industry:
Business Support
Company Type:
Employer (Private Sector)
Job Role:
Sales
Joining Date:
2014-06-01
Employment Status:
Full time
Employment Type:
Employee
Monthly Salary Range:
$3,000 - $4,000
Manages Others:
No
Number of Vacancies:
3
Preferred Candidate
Career Level:
Mid Career
Years of Experience:
Min: 2
Residence Location:
United Arab Emirates
Gender:
Female
Nationality:
Australia; Canada; Great Britain (UK); Jordan; Lebanon; Palestine; South Africa; Syria; United Kingdom; United States
Degree:
Unspecified
Date Posted: 2014/05/04 06:40:06
Ref. JB3046911
Similar Jobs
Confidential Company - ,
Recommended Courses
Invite Your
Friends to Bayt.com
Find Jobs
About Bayt.com
Bayt.com is the leading job site in the Gulf and Middle East, connecting job seekers with employers looking to hire.
Every day, thousands of new job vacancies are listed on the award-winning platform from the region's top employers.
Company
Quick Links
Follow
© 2000-2014 Bayt.com, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
-
Reproduction of material from any Bayt.com pages without written permission is strictly prohibited.