BMS Operation
Manager - MEP
| AF Engineering Job in Dubai - Al Futtaim Group - Bayt.com
OK
Cancel
Loading...
Loading...
Jobs
Jobs
Salaries
People Companies Specialties
- All -
- All -Algeria (12)Bahrain (115)Dubai (1555)Egypt (495)Iraq (81)Jordan (390)Kuwait (740)Lebanon (249)Libya (16)Morocco (12)Oman (96)Pakistan (33)Qatar (1055)Saudi Arabia (2766)Sri Lanka (62)Tunisia (6)UAE (3582)Yemen (3)
Loading...
Menu - []
›
› Job Description
BMS Operation
Manager - MEP
| AF Engineering
- ,
Gold Career Provider
This employer achieved a Gold Career Provider status based on their record of hiring on Bayt.com.
Date Posted: 2014/05/04 06:00:31
Ref. JB3046899
Job Description
About the Business:
Al-Futtaim Engineering is multi disciplinary engineering organisation which has been operating throughout the United Arab Emirates since 1974. As a member of the Al-Futtaim Group, we enjoy the benefits of being a part of one of the leading business houses operating in the lower Gulf Region.
Through our five divisions, we offer a wide variety of products and services in the construction, commercial and industrial sectors. Our involvement in numerous large scale projects in the UAE has given us a wealth of experience. From Scaffolding to Elevators and Security Systems to Air-conditioning, Sanitary ware and Facilities Management, the Al-Futtaim name spells quality & reliability.
About the Job:
In this role you will be responsible for :
* Developing, implementing and maintaining a value-adding regime of key performance indicators, business metrics and external benchmarking data that enables robust  business decisions and ROI assessment
* Developing and maintain the appropriate structure and personnel to achieve objectives within agreed budgets and timescales.
* Achieving  commercial performance and overall direction, co-ordination, implementation, execution, control, and completion of projects in line with high standards
* Monitoring, reviewing, and reporting on the progress of all projects, progress, delays, and resourcing amendments to the customer, Projects coordinator and other staff where required
* Preparing sales valuations, sales variations and request customer orders or instruction before proceeding with works
* Managing sales application process
* Creating purchase requisitions for staff, suppliers, sub-contractors and approve purchase invoices for payment. Manage purchase application process
Skills
About You:
To be successful in winning this role, the following are the prerequisites:
* Degree in Mechanical / Electrical Engineering
* 10 Plus years of experience in  BMS operations
* Experience in Building Management System Products
* 8 Plus years' experience in UAE or GCC
* Technical/design based experience related to building facilities
Job Details
Job Location:
Dubai, United Arab Emirates
Company Industry:
Engineering
Company Type:
Employer (Private Sector)
Job Role:
Management
Joining Date:
Unspecified
Employment Status:
Full time
Employment Type:
Employee
Monthly Salary Range:
Unspecified
Manages Others:
No
Number of Vacancies:
1
Preferred Candidate
Career Level:
Management
Years of Experience:
Unspecified
Residence Location:
Unspecified
Gender:
Male
Nationality:
Unspecified
Degree:
Unspecified
About This Company
Established in the 1930s as a trading business, Al-Futtaim is one of the most progressive regional business houses headquartered in Dubai, United Arab Emirates.Structured into six divisions; automotive, retail, electronics, engineering and technology, real estate, financial services and general services, Al-Futtaim operates through more than 60 companies and maintains a decentralised approach, giving individual businesses flexibility and versatility to maintain a competitive stance. Employing in excess of 20,000 people across the UAE, Bahrain, Kuwait, Qatar, Oman, Egypt, Syria, Pakistan, Singapore and Europe, this approach benefits employees, providing a clearly defined work culture where individuals are empowered with authority and responsibility for their work. The success of Al-Futtaim is attributed to proactively managing change whilst upholding the values of integrity, service and social responsibility. The majority of businesses, built on a portfolio of world leading brands, dominate their sector.
Date Posted: 2014/05/04 06:00:31
Ref. JB3046899
Recommended Courses
Invite Your
Friends to Bayt.com
Find Jobs
About Bayt.com
Bayt.com is the leading job site in the Gulf and Middle East, connecting job seekers with employers looking to hire.
Every day, thousands of new job vacancies are listed on the award-winning platform from the region's top employers.
Company
Quick Links
Follow
© 2000-2014 Bayt.com, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
-
Reproduction of material from any Bayt.com pages without written permission is strictly prohibited.