Sales Job in Abu Dhabi - New Horizon - Bayt.com
OK
Cancel
Loading...
Loading...
Jobs
Jobs
Salaries
People Companies Specialties
- All -
- All -Algeria (12)Bahrain (115)Dubai (1555)Egypt (495)Iraq (81)Jordan (390)Kuwait (740)Lebanon (249)Libya (16)Morocco (12)Oman (96)Pakistan (33)Qatar (1055)Saudi Arabia (2766)Sri Lanka (62)Tunisia (6)UAE (3582)Yemen (3)
Loading...
Menu - []
›
› Job Description
Sales
- ,
Date Posted: 2014/05/04 08:27:11
Ref. JB3046989
Job Description
• Minimum 2 years sales experience.
• Solid cold-calling skills to arrange meetings with potential customers to prospect for new business
• Strong Negotiation and closing skills
• Background in IT hardware / IT software / Office Automation industry is a must.
• Identifies business opportunities by identifying prospects and evaluating their position in the industry; researching and analyzing sales options.
• Sells products by establishing contact and developing relationships with prospects; recommending solutions.
• Maintains relationships with clients by providing support, information, and guidance; researching and recommending new opportunities; recommending profit and service improvements.
• Identifies product improvements or new products by remaining current on industry trends, market activities, and competitors.
• Maintains quality service by establishing and enforcing organization standards.
• Contributes to team effort by accomplishing related results as needed.
Skills
• Minimum 2 years sales experience.
• Solid cold-calling skills to arrange meetings with potential customers to prospect for new business
• Strong Negotiation and closing skills
• Identifies business opportunities by identifying prospects and evaluating their position in the industry; researching and analyzing sales options.
• Maintains relationships with clients by providing support, information, and guidance; researching and recommending new opportunities; recommending profit and service improvements.
• Maintains quality service by establishing and enforcing organization standards.
This job is posted in the following Specialties:
Education
Bachelors Degree Holder
Job Details
Job Location:
Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates
Company Industry:
Education, Training, and Library; Computer/Hardware; Computer/Software
Company Type:
Employer (Private Sector)
Job Role:
Sales
Joining Date:
2014-06-01
Employment Status:
Full time
Employment Type:
Employee
Monthly Salary Range:
Unspecified
Manages Others:
Unspecified
Number of Vacancies:
10
Preferred Candidate
Career Level:
Mid Career
Years of Experience:
Min: 2 Max: 20
Residence Location:
Unspecified
Gender:
Unspecified
Nationality:
United Arab Emirates
Degree:
Bachelor's degree / higher diploma
Date Posted: 2014/05/04 08:27:11
Ref. JB3046989
Similar Jobs
Confidential Company - ,
Confidential Company - ,
Recommended Courses
Invite Your
Friends to Bayt.com
Find Jobs
About Bayt.com
Bayt.com is the leading job site in the Gulf and Middle East, connecting job seekers with employers looking to hire.
Every day, thousands of new job vacancies are listed on the award-winning platform from the region's top employers.
Company
Quick Links
Follow
© 2000-2014 Bayt.com, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
-
Reproduction of material from any Bayt.com pages without written permission is strictly prohibited.