Contruction Project Manager Job in Ajman - R Holding Group - Bayt.com
OK
Cancel
Loading...
Loading...
Jobs
Jobs
Salaries
People Companies Specialties
- All -
- All -Algeria (12)Bahrain (115)Dubai (1555)Egypt (495)Iraq (81)Jordan (390)Kuwait (740)Lebanon (249)Libya (16)Morocco (12)Oman (96)Pakistan (33)Qatar (1055)Saudi Arabia (2766)Sri Lanka (62)Tunisia (6)UAE (3582)Yemen (3)
Loading...
Menu - []
›
› Job Description
Contruction Project Manager
- ,
Date Posted: 2014/05/04 08:05:03
Ref. JB3046968
Job Description
General Project Management
Oversee the preparation of initial project construction schedules and budgets
based on property design, constraints and opportunities.
During the preconstruction and construction period, participate in the monthly
budget meetings with the Company’s project management team.
Manage construction schedule, budget and contingency; accurate and timely
reporting to Director of Construction is required.
Implement the Company’s standard construction policies & procedures for
monitoring and maintaining schedule/budget/costs and mitigate associated risks associated with construction.
Preconstruction Services
Lead the preconstruction services of the contractor during the entitlement and the
development of the project architecture and engineering through preconstruction
and bidding of the project.
Implement company-wide product branding at the project-level through the use of
the Company’s standard specifications, building systems and design.
Actively participate in the bidding and contract procurement of the project.
Project Construction
Lead the coordination the efforts of overseeing the contractor from commencing
construction through project completion, and in the turnover of the asset to the
Company’s property management group; focusing on maintaining company
standards and the value proposition of the product envisioned for the target
customer, and building the project on time and on budget.
Special Corporate Initiatives
Actively lead and participate in special Company initiatives to improve the
company culture, processes and procedures, and development of associates
Skills
Excellent command in English
Detail Oriented
PMP certified
At least a Bachelor’s degree in Civil Engineering
At least 5 years of experience
Job Details
Job Location:
Ajman, United Arab Emirates
Company Industry:
Real Estate
Company Type:
Employer (Private Sector)
Job Role:
Engineering
Joining Date:
Unspecified
Employment Status:
Unspecified
Employment Type:
Unspecified
Monthly Salary Range:
Unspecified
Manages Others:
Unspecified
Number of Vacancies:
1
Preferred Candidate
Career Level:
Mid Career
Years of Experience:
Unspecified
Residence Location:
Unspecified
Gender:
Unspecified
Nationality:
Unspecified
Degree:
Unspecified
About This Company
R Holding is a vertically integrated group of companies across the real estate, industrial and financial sectors. We exist to deploy our investors' capital intelligently and to generate exceptional returns by providing top-notch products and services to customers. The group's companies are strategically aligned to complement each other and further increase the return on investment through tactical partnerships. While the group constantly works towards excelling in business, we never stray from our social obligations. We consider it our duty to ensure that our projects are developed in a responsible and conscientious manner. At R Holding, we not only provide exceptional products and services, but we also work to improve the society in which we operate. As a company, we are focused on constant and outstanding achievement. We can unhesitatingly commit to exceptional goals owing to our confidence in our ability to innovate and achieve. And for us at R Holding, it is a matter of honour and pride to deliver on our promises in a timely and professional manner.
Date Posted: 2014/05/04 08:05:03
Ref. JB3046968
Recommended Courses
Invite Your
Friends to Bayt.com
Find Jobs
About Bayt.com
Bayt.com is the leading job site in the Gulf and Middle East, connecting job seekers with employers looking to hire.
Every day, thousands of new job vacancies are listed on the award-winning platform from the region's top employers.
Company
Quick Links
Follow
© 2000-2014 Bayt.com, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
-
Reproduction of material from any Bayt.com pages without written permission is strictly prohibited.