Junior BI Specialist Job in Dubai - Bayt.com
OK
Cancel
Loading...
Loading...
Jobs
Jobs
Salaries
People Companies Specialties
- All -
- All -Algeria (12)Bahrain (115)Dubai (1555)Egypt (495)Iraq (81)Jordan (390)Kuwait (740)Lebanon (249)Libya (16)Morocco (12)Oman (96)Pakistan (33)Qatar (1055)Saudi Arabia (2766)Sri Lanka (62)Tunisia (6)UAE (3582)Yemen (3)
Loading...
Menu - []
›
› Job Description
Junior BI Specialist
Confidential Company - ,
Date Posted: 2014/05/04 07:44:10
Ref. JB3046958
Job Description
Job Purpose:
To strategically design and implement BI software and systems, including integration with databases and data warehouses. This includes gathering requirements, designing, and rolling out BI solutions to end users. The Business Intelligence Specialist is also responsible for ensuring high levels of BI availability through support functions and in-depth testing.
Job Description
-	Gather and analyse user requirements and, based on finding, deign functional specifications for BI front-end applications
-	Gather and co-ordinate to get all required raw data from OLTP systems . SAP, Cognos, CRM, HRMS, etc.
-	Design, code, test, and document all new or existing BI systems, applications, and programs
-	Develop ETL and ensure a manageable ETL infrastructure for the BI system
-	Develop graphs and portal interfaces
-	Conduct job duties and responsibilities according to the organization’s business systems development methodology
-	Design and deliver end-user training and training materials; provide technical support as necessary
-	Troubleshoot BI tools, systems, and software; performance-tune these applications as necessary
-	Act as evangelist for BI benefits across the organization; promote BI usage to relevant departments
Skills
Qualification
-	University degree in the field of computer science, information systems, or computer engineering
-	Minimum of 2-5 years direct work experience on BI solution and data warehousing
-	Strong ability to analyse user requirements and build front-end BI applications according to specifications
-	Knowledge of scripting language and ETL tools
-	Strong understanding of relational database structures, theories, principles, and practices
-	Experience in database design applications
-	Experience in data processing flowcharting techniques
-	QlikView experience is a MUST
-	Preferable Cognos TM1 and SAP ERP/BW experience
-	Knowledge of general business functions . Finance and Accounting, Sales & Marketing, HR, Supply Chain, etc.
-	Ability to work with MS Windows Server operating systems and IIS web server
-	General knowledge of network, PC, and platform operating systems
-	Positive attitudes and good interpersonal skills
Education
Bachelors of computer science, information systems, or computer engineering
Job Details
Job Location:
Dubai, United Arab Emirates
Company Industry:
FMCG; Manufacturing
Company Type:
Employer (Private Sector)
Job Role:
Technology/IT
Joining Date:
2014-07-01
Employment Status:
Full time
Employment Type:
Employee
Monthly Salary Range:
Unspecified
Manages Others:
Unspecified
Number of Vacancies:
1
Preferred Candidate
Career Level:
Mid Career
Years of Experience:
Min: 2 Max: 3
Residence Location:
United Arab Emirates
Gender:
Unspecified
Nationality:
Unspecified
Degree:
Bachelor's degree / higher diploma
Date Posted: 2014/05/04 07:44:10
Ref. JB3046958
Recommended Courses
Invite Your
Friends to Bayt.com
Find Jobs
About Bayt.com
Bayt.com is the leading job site in the Gulf and Middle East, connecting job seekers with employers looking to hire.
Every day, thousands of new job vacancies are listed on the award-winning platform from the region's top employers.
Company
Quick Links
Follow
© 2000-2014 Bayt.com, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
-
Reproduction of material from any Bayt.com pages without written permission is strictly prohibited.