Financial Controller Job in Ajman - R Holding Group - Bayt.com
OK
Cancel
Loading...
Loading...
Jobs
Jobs
Salaries
People Companies Specialties
- All -
- All -Algeria (12)Bahrain (115)Dubai (1555)Egypt (495)Iraq (81)Jordan (390)Kuwait (740)Lebanon (249)Libya (16)Morocco (12)Oman (96)Pakistan (33)Qatar (1055)Saudi Arabia (2766)Sri Lanka (62)Tunisia (6)UAE (3582)Yemen (3)
Loading...
Menu - []
›
› Job Description
Financial Controller
- ,
Date Posted: 2014/05/04 07:30:42
Ref. JB3046947
Job Description
City University College of Ajman (CUCA) is an established institution of higher education, under the patronage of His Highness Sheikh Humaid Bin Rashid Al Nuaimi. CUCA provides a high-quality learning environment and uses a wide range of activities for academic and professional development.
CUCA is currently looking to recruit a Financial Controller in Ajman
Develop and maintain timely and accurate financial statements and reports that are appropriate for the users and in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles
Develop, implement, and ensure compliance with internal financial and accounting policies and procedures.
Prepare all supporting information for the annual audit with the approved external auditor.
Document and maintain complete and accurate supporting information for all financial transactions.
Develop and maintain financial accounting systems for cash management, accounts payable, accounts receivable, credit control, and petty cash.
Reconcile bank and investment accounts; and manage cash flow.
Review monthly results and implement monthly variance reporting as compared to budget.
Manage the cash flow and prepare cash flow forecasts in accordance with policy.
Manage the bookkeeping function, using the Simply Accounting Package, including maintenance of the general ledger, accounts payable, accounts receivable and payroll.
Develop and implement policies and procedures as required ensuring that personnel and financial information is secure.
Participate as a member of the Finance Committee.
Assist the Executive Director with financial reporting as required at Board meetings and the Annual General Meetings and provide advice to support the decision making process.
Guide financial decisions by establishing, monitoring, and enforcing policies and procedures.
Protect assets by establishing, monitoring, and enforcing internal controls.
Monitor and confirms financial condition by conducting audits; providing information to external auditors.
Prepare budgets by establishing schedules; collecting, analyzing, and consolidating financial data; recommending plans.
Achieve budget objectives by scheduling expenditures; analyzing variances; initiating corrective actions.
Provide status of financial condition by collecting, interpreting, and reporting financial data.
Prepare special reports by collecting, analyzing, and summarizing information and trends.
Compile with labor law’s legal requirements by studying existing and new legislation; anticipating future legislation; enforcing adherence to requirements; filing financial reports; advising management on needed actions.
Ensure operation of equipment by establishing preventive maintenance requirements and service contracts; maintaining equipment inventories; evaluating new equipment and techniques.
Maintain financial staff by recruiting, selecting, orienting, and training employees.
Maintain professional and technical knowledge by attending educational workshops; reviewing professional publications; establishing personal networks; participating in professional societies.
Protect operations by keeping financial information and plans confidential.
Contribute to team effort by accomplishing related results as needed.
Skills
Masters in Finance & Accounting
Professional communication skills in English
Ability to deal with subordinates in a proficient manner
Ability to work independently and in a team
Detail oriented
Managing Processes, Financial Software, Developing Standards, Audit, Accounting, Corporate Finance, Tracking Budget Expenses, Financial Skills, Analyzing Information, Developing Budgets, Performance Management
Job Details
Job Location:
Ajman, United Arab Emirates
Company Industry:
Accounting/Auditing
Company Type:
Employer (Private Sector)
Job Role:
Accounting/Banking/Finance
Joining Date:
Unspecified
Employment Status:
Unspecified
Employment Type:
Unspecified
Monthly Salary Range:
Unspecified
Manages Others:
Unspecified
Number of Vacancies:
1
Preferred Candidate
Career Level:
Mid Career
Years of Experience:
Unspecified
Residence Location:
Unspecified
Gender:
Unspecified
Nationality:
Unspecified
Degree:
Unspecified
About This Company
R Holding is a vertically integrated group of companies across the real estate, industrial and financial sectors. We exist to deploy our investors' capital intelligently and to generate exceptional returns by providing top-notch products and services to customers. The group's companies are strategically aligned to complement each other and further increase the return on investment through tactical partnerships. While the group constantly works towards excelling in business, we never stray from our social obligations. We consider it our duty to ensure that our projects are developed in a responsible and conscientious manner. At R Holding, we not only provide exceptional products and services, but we also work to improve the society in which we operate. As a company, we are focused on constant and outstanding achievement. We can unhesitatingly commit to exceptional goals owing to our confidence in our ability to innovate and achieve. And for us at R Holding, it is a matter of honour and pride to deliver on our promises in a timely and professional manner.
Date Posted: 2014/05/04 07:30:42
Ref. JB3046947
Similar Jobs
Recommended Courses
Invite Your
Friends to Bayt.com
Find Jobs
About Bayt.com
Bayt.com is the leading job site in the Gulf and Middle East, connecting job seekers with employers looking to hire.
Every day, thousands of new job vacancies are listed on the award-winning platform from the region's top employers.
Company
Quick Links
Follow
© 2000-2014 Bayt.com, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
-
Reproduction of material from any Bayt.com pages without written permission is strictly prohibited.