VISUAL MERCHANDISER Job in Dubai - Bayt.com
OK
Cancel
Loading...
Loading...
Jobs
Jobs
Salaries
People Companies Specialties
- All -
- All -Algeria (12)Bahrain (115)Dubai (1555)Egypt (495)Iraq (81)Jordan (390)Kuwait (740)Lebanon (249)Libya (16)Morocco (12)Oman (96)Pakistan (33)Qatar (1055)Saudi Arabia (2766)Sri Lanka (62)Tunisia (6)UAE (3582)Yemen (3)
Loading...
Menu - []
›
› Job Description
VISUAL MERCHANDISER
Confidential Company - ,
Date Posted: 2014/05/04 06:03:59
Ref. JB3046901
Job Description
Purpose:
Review and coordinate the visual merchandising function for all assigned stores. Raise the brand image by a high standard of presentation and repetitive store visits with in-store training and raise standards across all product categories.
Responsibilities:
- The ideal profile is a highly experienced visual merchandiser and retail professional with at least 3 – 5 years’ experience and strong background in fashion shoes and specialty stores.
- Can independently work alone and have artistic direction and effectively communicate it, and interpret it within all outlets.
- Arrange efficiently all VM tools and window props for all assigned stores.
- Coordinate and supervise window installations and displays and all in-store merchandising following the seasonal direction
- Visit stores regularly to ensure that visual direction is being followed.
- Help train Showroom Managers and store teams in visual display.
- Provide regular reports to Marketing Officer and Regional Manager regarding status of visual direction in UAE, areas for improvement, recommendations, etc.
- Maintain and meet budgets for all in-store visual displays and installations (freelancers, props, etc.).
- Assist with visual aspects of new store openings and all aspects (both visual and otherwise) of special events and other store initiatives.
- Report to Marketing Officer and Regional Manager with follow-up memos/photos of store windows and interior visual direction for events.
- Create Visual Mechandising calendar planning brand-wise and season-wise
- Work with individual stores to develop initiatives to retain brand image as well as develop new customers, utilizing the entire product assortment.
Skills
Photoshop, Adobe Indesign
Job Details
Job Location:
Dubai, United Arab Emirates
Company Industry:
Retail/Wholesale
Company Type:
Employer (Private Sector)
Job Role:
Marketing/PR
Joining Date:
Unspecified
Employment Status:
Full time
Employment Type:
Employee
Monthly Salary Range:
Unspecified
Manages Others:
Unspecified
Number of Vacancies:
1
Preferred Candidate
Career Level:
Mid Career
Years of Experience:
Min: 3
Residence Location:
Unspecified
Gender:
Unspecified
Nationality:
Unspecified
Degree:
Unspecified
Date Posted: 2014/05/04 06:03:59
Ref. JB3046901
Similar Jobs
Recommended Courses
Invite Your
Friends to Bayt.com
Find Jobs
About Bayt.com
Bayt.com is the leading job site in the Gulf and Middle East, connecting job seekers with employers looking to hire.
Every day, thousands of new job vacancies are listed on the award-winning platform from the region's top employers.
Company
Quick Links
Follow
© 2000-2014 Bayt.com, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
-
Reproduction of material from any Bayt.com pages without written permission is strictly prohibited.