Microsoft AX Business Consultant
| AF Technologies Job in United Arab Emirates - Al Futtaim Group - Bayt.com
OK
Cancel
Loading...
Loading...
Jobs
Jobs
Salaries
People Companies Specialties
- All -
- All -Algeria (12)Bahrain (115)Dubai (1555)Egypt (495)Iraq (81)Jordan (390)Kuwait (740)Lebanon (249)Libya (16)Morocco (12)Oman (96)Pakistan (33)Qatar (1055)Saudi Arabia (2766)Sri Lanka (62)Tunisia (6)UAE (3582)Yemen (3)
Loading...
Menu - []
›
› Job Description
Microsoft AX Business Consultant
| AF Technologies
-
Gold Career Provider
This employer achieved a Gold Career Provider status based on their record of hiring on Bayt.com.
Date Posted: 2014/05/04 06:00:31
Ref. JB3046898
Job Description
About the Business:
Al-Futtaim Technologies is one of the region's leading system integrators is a part of the Al-Futtaim Group. As a member of Al Futtaim Group we enjoy the benefit of being a part of a leading business house operating in the Lower Gulf region.
Our company provided complete business solutions and services for industries such as Hospitality, Financial Services, Healthcare, Real Estate and Government entities. Our staffs of system integrators and business solution providers are made up of highly skilled professionals with many years of combines experience.
Some of the major services and solutions that Al Futtaim Technologies provide are consulting, design, deployment of infrastructure networking, IP Telephony, Voice, Data, Wireless, Infrastructure, Contact Centre Solution, Business Application, ELV System, Audio Visual Solution, Security System Solution, ICT and Energy Management.
About the Job:
The Microsoft AX Business Consultant will be responsible for :
* Providing architectural recommendations to efficiently build and configure Microsoft Dynamics Ax solutions
* implementing the entire life cycle of small  & large projects
* Collaborating with customers in conducting the system study and  preparing documents such as FRD, FFD
* Working individually on AX 2012 implementations
* Collaborating with other members on best practices around Dynamics AX design and development practices
* Working closely with Development team to give the inputs for development
* Testing the customization before deploying to the clients
* Performing business process testing and functional testing
* Facilitating the implementation and support of Dynamics AX modules
* Working with customers to understand their business requirements and conduct gap analysis
* Converting requirements to functional specs and functional design documents
* Communicating effectively in all mediums with all levels within the organization
Skills
About You:
To be successful in winning this role, you will have the following pre-requisites:
* Bachelor's Degree in Engineering or Accounting background
* 5 plus years of experience in Microsoft Dynamics Ax
* 5 years of  full life cycle Dynamics Ax implementations
* Strong knowledge of Dynamics AX Finance module
* In depth understanding of Costing
* Strong knowledge of Dynamics AX Projects Module
* Experience in Implementation and deployment of AX modules and customizations
* Experience in Fit-Gap analysis
* Experience in providing Post-live training and support
* Experience in handling Ax 2012 implementations alone
Job Details
Job Location:
United Arab Emirates
Company Industry:
Information Technology
Company Type:
Employer (Private Sector)
Job Role:
Technology/IT
Joining Date:
Unspecified
Employment Status:
Full time
Employment Type:
Employee
Monthly Salary Range:
Unspecified
Manages Others:
No
Number of Vacancies:
1
Preferred Candidate
Career Level:
Mid Career
Years of Experience:
Unspecified
Residence Location:
Unspecified
Gender:
Unspecified
Nationality:
Unspecified
Degree:
Unspecified
About This Company
Established in the 1930s as a trading business, Al-Futtaim is one of the most progressive regional business houses headquartered in Dubai, United Arab Emirates.Structured into six divisions; automotive, retail, electronics, engineering and technology, real estate, financial services and general services, Al-Futtaim operates through more than 60 companies and maintains a decentralised approach, giving individual businesses flexibility and versatility to maintain a competitive stance. Employing in excess of 20,000 people across the UAE, Bahrain, Kuwait, Qatar, Oman, Egypt, Syria, Pakistan, Singapore and Europe, this approach benefits employees, providing a clearly defined work culture where individuals are empowered with authority and responsibility for their work. The success of Al-Futtaim is attributed to proactively managing change whilst upholding the values of integrity, service and social responsibility. The majority of businesses, built on a portfolio of world leading brands, dominate their sector.
Date Posted: 2014/05/04 06:00:31
Ref. JB3046898
Recommended Courses
Invite Your
Friends to Bayt.com
Find Jobs
About Bayt.com
Bayt.com is the leading job site in the Gulf and Middle East, connecting job seekers with employers looking to hire.
Every day, thousands of new job vacancies are listed on the award-winning platform from the region's top employers.
Company
Quick Links
Follow
© 2000-2014 Bayt.com, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
-
Reproduction of material from any Bayt.com pages without written permission is strictly prohibited.