alJazeera Jobs - Credit Controller
Jobs in Qatar, Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, Oman, Bahrain, Dubai, Abu Dhabi by alJazeera Jobs
Select Language
English
Francais
Deutsch
عربي
Español
Português
Русский
Nederlands
Türkçe
اردو
Contact alJazeera Jobs Bahrain: (+973) 16199-113
Serving Arabian Gulf Job Seekers since 2007, alJazeera Jobs
is the established, trusted and leading provider of Jobs in
, , , ,
and .
Subscribe to our custom developed Candidate
Management Service to proactively place your details in Arabic
and English into the HR systems of the leading employers in
the Gulf. Jump to the head of the queue and get hired, sign-up
.
JOB SEARCH
I'm looking for...
In location
Select Country
Saudi Arabia
UAE
Kuwait
Qatar
Bahrain
Oman
other
ACCOUNT MANAGEMENT:
|
Credit Controller
04 May 2014 08:04 AM - UAE
Â  Â
Credit Controller BAC Middle EastDubai, UAERef: MP450-387The RoleThe RoleAED10,000 Per Month Total Salary On behalf of our client an international events company based in Dubai we are looking to recruit a Credit Controller. Reporting to the Finance Manager you will be responsible for collection monies owed by clients by means of telephone, fax, email and letter to ensure timely receipt of amounts due, update data on finance system, ensure that account queries are kept to a minimum and any other tasks deemed suitable by your Line Manager RequirementsRequirementsThe successful candidate must be resident of the UAE, have consistent experience in credit control, fluency in verbal and written English and be a good team player. Experience of working with European clients is essential and only candidates with this experience need apply and will be considered. About the CompanyAbout the CompanyBAC Middle East - the longest established professional recruitment consultancy in the UAE. Established in 1979, we have been at the forefront of the region's recruitment industry for 30 years and were the first firm of our type in the world to achieve ISO9001 certification: a reflection of our constant emphasis on quality and customer satisfaction. With our well-developed infrastructure and staff strength, we are able to assist you with recruitment needs ranging from junior professionals through to middle and senior management, whatever your industry sector. BAC's proven regional experience and resources can help ensure that you recruit the best available candidates and enjoy the many advantages of a managed recruitment process.
Â Â
Share this (more...)
GT
Advertisement
|
|
|
|
|
All rights reserved - AlJazeeraJobs ® is a registered trade mark and unauthorised usage is strictly prohibited.
|
, , , , ,