alJazeera Jobs - Fleet Sales Executive
Jobs in Qatar, Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, Oman, Bahrain, Dubai, Abu Dhabi by alJazeera Jobs
Select Language
English
Francais
Deutsch
عربي
Español
Português
Русский
Nederlands
Türkçe
اردو
Contact alJazeera Jobs Bahrain: (+973) 16199-113
Serving Arabian Gulf Job Seekers since 2007, alJazeera Jobs
is the established, trusted and leading provider of Jobs in
, , , ,
and .
Subscribe to our custom developed Candidate
Management Service to proactively place your details in Arabic
and English into the HR systems of the leading employers in
the Gulf. Jump to the head of the queue and get hired, sign-up
.
JOB SEARCH
I'm looking for...
In location
Select Country
Saudi Arabia
UAE
Kuwait
Qatar
Bahrain
Oman
other
ACCOUNT MANAGEMENT:
|
Fleet Sales Executive
04 May 2014 08:04 AM - UAE
Â  Â
Fleet Sales Executive AW Rostamani GroupUAERef: HP561-02The RoleThe RoleA leading and progressive Automobile Company based in UAE, representing automobile brands is looking for a dynamic and resulted oriented Fleet Sales Executives.
The incumbent should:- 1- Gain & understand of good technical knowledge of the vehicles and competition / systems and procedures. 2-Perform customer needs analysis and develop key account strategies.
3-Work as a team to meet sales targets 4-Develop a strong and long-term business relationship with key territory accounts by evaluating and understanding the customer's business and correlating it with the market 5-Build and maintain relationships with existing and prospective fleet customers.
6-Function as customer advocate and primary sales contact by complete follow-up from initial contact, quotes, demonstrations, negotiation and closing of deals 7-Co-ordinate with branches / Head Office for movement of vehicles 8-Prepare daily / weekly / monthly reports based on target
8-Travel to customer sites like Corporate Institutions, Government Offices, Rent-A-Cars, etc. RequirementsRequirementsUniversity Qualifications: Bachelor Degree Nature and length of previous experience: 3 years experience in Outdoor Automobile Sales . Specialist knowledge: Must have Negotiating & Communication skills. Age Range: 25-35 Current Location: UAE About the CompanyAbout the CompanyThe A W Rostamani Group is among the most highly respected conglomerates in the Middle East. Our portfolio of companies are responsible for managing well established multinational brands across several industries including automotive, real estate, interior design and IT. With over (more...)
GT
Advertisement
|
|
|
|
|
All rights reserved - AlJazeeraJobs ® is a registered trade mark and unauthorised usage is strictly prohibited.
|
, , , , ,