Pipeline Pigging Engineer job in UAE | Job ID: 949729 | oil and gas Job Search
Pipeline Pigging Engineer job in UAE
Rate
Type
Permanent
Location
UAE
Region
Town
Required Residency
Posted By
Date Posted
4 May 2014
Expiry Date
25 May 2014
Job Reference
Job Description
Position: Pipeline Pigging Engineer
Location: Abu Dhabi, UAE
JOB PURPOSE
Provides specialist expertise to support company activities in all types of Pigging Operations activities for oil, water, gas and condensate including but not limited to gauging, cleaning and intelligent pigging. Ensures that the contractors are conducting pigging operations as per the company procedures, standard and HSE requirements.
PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTABILITIES
Monitors pigging operations of offshore infield pipelines like oil, gas, condensate and water injection lines.
Launches and received procedures operations for all types of pigging including intelligent pigging.
Advises on selection of cleaning and other pigging tool. Develops job plans and manages preparation for pigging with Contractors and Field.
Supervises pipelines pigging both for maintenance and in line inspection. Daily follows-up of offshore contractor’s activities and to present to line manager dalily and weekly progress report.
Manages Tender and contracts for Pipeline Pigging activities. Overseas Pigging Planning and prioritisationin order for smooth and safe pigging operation.
Provision of company pigging support to Assets as required. Facilities and coordinates contractors personnel and equipment movements with concerned company departments.
Periodic visits to sites to follow and audit contractors’s pigging activities. Reviews and interprets of preliminary , draft and final accomplished pipeline pigging reports. Strong safety focus is essential especially during offshore operations.
Pigging and repair activities will be involved in preparation of tender document scope of work, evaluate technical proposal , estimate cost for budget purposes and estimate project costs. No employee will reporting to the job holder, but as job officer of projects, the Contractor Project Managers and or/relevant contractor personnel (field engineers, technicians) will re reporting on daily basis for projects update and reporting.
Coordinates by telephone, emails, and meetings to field personnel, contractors and management on dalily basis when project is on going.
Monitors the Competency & Development for young UAE nationals within the Team and ensure development objectives are suitable for their target posts.
Guides,directs and supervises subordinates to ensure they work to their best potential and contribute effectively as a team. Works in line with HSE Policy, and ensure awareness and compliance of HSE ans regulations by subordinates.
MINIMUM REQUIREMENTS (Knowledge , Skills & Experience)
Bachelor of Degree in Mechnical Engineering Discipline or equivalent
5-6 years experience with Oil & Gas Industry in similar positions, minimum 3 years in pipeline pigging operation
Proficient in English
Find Related oil and gas Jobs
Latest OiLExec Jobs
Related Job Searches
© 2014 Copyright Oil and Gas Job Search.com Limited :: Part of The Jobsearch Group
Follow us
--Web2--