Operation Manager - JB1001823062 | Abu Dhabi, UAE - Jobs Abu Dhabi
OK
Cancel
Loading...
Loading...
Welcome, Guest
|
|
|
|
|
-
Menu - []
Your Opinion Matters
Statistics
Total vacancies 1646
Weekly statistics
Vacancies Posted this Week 86
Today’s Statistics
Vacancies posted today 20
Poll Corner
If you are offered a lower position, but higher in salary than your current job,will you accept it?
Yes
No
Submit your Vote
›
› Job Description
574 People have applied
Date Posted: 2014/05/03 04:42:29Ref. JB1001823062
Operation ManagerConfidential Company
Position Title: Operations Manager
Department: Operations Department
Accountable to: CEO
Grade:TBD
Primary Objective of Position
To manage local scheduling and real-time operations which facilitate the maximization of resources (human and automated) to achieve customer satisfaction,
productivity,
schedule adherence and economic goals.
Duties
1- Initiate and organize the departmental hierarchy as per organization interest and aligns with its strategy.
2- Oversees daily activities of the organization,
staff preparation in the operations department to maximize scheduling and real-time utilization of resources.
3- Interfaces with management to ensure smooth -coordination of scheduling and maximization of schedule adherence; provides input on local conditions,
identifies needs and receives direction on real-time staffing increases or decreases.
4- Enacts contingency plans as needed; escalates and directs activities during systems problems,
disasters,
etc.; identifies potential problems,
troubleshoots,
escalates issues to management and participates in post-mortem analysis of problems providing input for future process improvements.
5- Approves schedules developed by operation’s staff and works with local management to communicate and fill schedules and handle exceptions.
6- Reviews ongoing performance results to targets,
takes corrective measures with
authorization,
escalate as needed.
7- Participates in daily,
weekly,
monthly and annual planning process as appropriate.
8- Performs all duties and responsibilities in a timely and effective mariner in accordance with
established company policies to achieve the overall objectives of the position.
9- Maintains a favorable working relationship with all stakeholders to foster aid promote a cooperative and harmonious working climate which will be conducive to maximum employee morale,
productivity,
and efficiency/effectiveness.
10- Projects a favorable image of the organization to promote its aims and objectives,
foster and enhance public recognition and acceptance of all of its areas of endeavor.
11- Keeps immediate superior promptly and fully formed of all problems or unusual matters of significance and takes prompt corrective action where necessary or suggests alternative courses of action which may be taken.
12- Performs all necessary supervisory functions to effectively and efficiently manage the personnel assigned:
A-Maintains a qualified staff.
B-Communicates areas of accountability and performance expected of personnel assigned.
C-Determines standards of performance as a basis to review progress of personnel assigned.
D-Recommends salary adjustments,
transfers,
promotions and dismissals.
E-Ensures proper training of personnel assigned.
F-Fosters a cooperative and harmonious working climate conductive to maximize employee morale and productivity.
13- Develops and train individuals for future advancement.
14- Perform other duties and responsibilities as required or requested.
15- Initiate,
develop and review appropriate policies and procedures guidelines related to the work flow of the operation activities and monitor the staff compliant.
16- Develop,
maintain and achieve all operation KPIs related to customer satisfaction,
timeframe,
total quality management and customer service criteria.
17- Build up positive and productive relations with all stakeholders (Public & Private) to serve and align with company strategy and interests.
Qualifications & Knowledge Required
1-Bachelor's degree in Operations Management,
Business Management or equivalent and approximately 5 - 7 years previous operations management experience including forecasting,
scheduling and real-time operations management.
2-Experience in services industry environment.
3-Experience supervising,
coaching and developing staff.
4- Working knowledge of high transaction industry
Skills
1- Excellent interpersonal and communication skills.
2- Works well with management,
peers and subordinates.
3-Ability to travel as needed.
Education
Grdute
Job Details
Job Location:
Abu Dhabi, UAE
Company Industry:
Business Support; Customer Service
Company Type:
Employer (Private Sector)
Job Role:
Management
Employment Status:
Full time
Employment Type:
Employee
Monthly Salary Range:
US$5,000 - $6,000 (≈ AED 18,365 - 22,038)
Manages Others:
Yes
Number of Vacancies:
1
Preferred Candidate
Career Level:
Management
Years of Experience:
Min: 7
Residence Location:
United Arab Emirates
Degree:
Bachelor's degree / higher diploma