HR Senior Officer - JB1001842097 | Abu Dhabi, UAE - Jobs Abu Dhabi
OK
Cancel
Loading...
Loading...
Welcome, Guest
|
|
|
|
|
-
Menu - []
Your Opinion Matters
Statistics
Total vacancies 1646
Weekly statistics
Vacancies Posted this Week 86
Today’s Statistics
Vacancies posted today 20
Poll Corner
If you are offered a lower position, but higher in salary than your current job,will you accept it?
Yes
No
Submit your Vote
›
› Job Description
459 People have applied
Similar Jobs
Date Posted: 2014/05/03 04:48:56Ref. JB1001842097
HR Senior OfficerConfidential Company
Oversee the work of public relations,
secretarial and administrative services to make sure that these units regularly keep records of their work and responsibility.
Approval of all forms and applications for human resources such as leave requests,
transport,
services and other end and forward to the chief executive officer for approval.
Make sure that the human resources section keeps records leave for staff and users of all types correctly and regulations.
Audit requirements of employee,
in coordination with Line Managers and reporting requirements that the executive chairman appropriate budget posts for approval.
Determine the existence of turn over for recommendations and bonuses and ascertain their conformity with the resolutions and regulations of the company.
Overseeing the vacancy announcement conduct personal interviews of applicants in coordination with the commission on employments.
Audit work contracts for new employees and the chief executive.
Coordination with the general managers of the companies’ affiliated to the group regarding the transfer of staff from one location to another.
Follow-up letters sent congratulations and courtesy and condolence on different occasions,
or advertised in local newspaper.
Develop work in the administration as improvement in the systems and methods of work in coordination with the persons concerned.
Qualifications & Knowledge Required
1- Diploma or Bachelor's degree in Operations Management,
Business Management or equivalent and approximately 3 - 5 years previous operations management experience including forecasting,
scheduling and real-time operations management.
2-Experience in services industry environment.
3-Experience supervising,
coaching and developing staff.
4- Working knowledge of high transaction industry
Skills
1- Excellent interpersonal and communication skills.
2- Works well with management,
peers and subordinates.
3- Ability to travel as needed.
4- Excellent computer skills and software application
Job Details
Job Location:
Abu Dhabi, UAE
Company Industry:
Government Sector
Company Type:
Employer (Private Sector)
Job Role:
Human Resources/Personnel
Employment Status:
Full time
Employment Type:
Employee
Monthly Salary Range:
US$1,000 - $2,000 (≈ AED 3,673 - 7,346)
Number of Vacancies:
1
Preferred Candidate
Career Level:
Management
Years of Experience:
Min: 8 Max: 10
Residence Location:
United Arab Emirates
Degree:
Bachelor's degree / higher diploma
Similar Jobs