alJazeera Jobs - Front Office - Team Leader - Front Desk
Jobs in Qatar, Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, Oman, Bahrain, Dubai, Abu Dhabi by alJazeera Jobs
Select Language
English
Francais
Deutsch
عربي
Español
Português
Русский
Nederlands
Türkçe
اردو
Contact alJazeera Jobs Bahrain: (+973) 16199-113
Serving Arabian Gulf Job Seekers since 2007, alJazeera Jobs
is the established, trusted and leading provider of Jobs in
, , , ,
and .
Subscribe to our custom developed Candidate
Management Service to proactively place your details in Arabic
and English into the HR systems of the leading employers in
the Gulf. Jump to the head of the queue and get hired, sign-up
.
JOB SEARCH
I'm looking for...
In location
Select Country
Saudi Arabia
UAE
Kuwait
Qatar
Bahrain
Oman
other
ACCOUNT MANAGEMENT:
|
Front Office - Team Leader - Front Desk
03 May 2014 08:39 PM - UAE
.
Front Office - Team Leader - Front Desk Al Murooj Rotana We are currently seeking for passionate and dynamic guest focused Front Office professionals who pride themselves on their ability to deliver extraordinary levels of customer service and provide creative solutions to our guests. As a Team Leader - Front Desk you are responsible to provide professional and customer focused service to our guests, ensuring that their stay will become a memorable experience and your role will include key responsibilities such as: •Receive guests in a professional and friendly manner, satisfying guest expectations from arrival through to departure •Maintain effective communication with all related departments to ensure smooth service delivery •Maintain an awareness of rate levels to be sold on a daily basis and the occupancy levels •Maintain good working relationship with all Front Office employees with particular emphasis on Front Desk Agents and Guest Services •Supervise all Front Desk employees ensuring guests are taken care of in a professional and friendly manner •Maintain an up to date knowledge of hotel and local services and supply information and respond to guest queries •Verify all cashier closures of Front Desk Agents on shift end for billing and attachment accuracy •Ensure all guest registrations are completed and correspond with Opera PMS guest information Skills Education, Qualifications & Experiences You should ideally have a degree in hospitality with previous experiences in the Front Office Department within a hotel. Excellent written and spoken English communication skills and knowledge in an additional language, along with strong interpersonal and problem solving abilities are essentials. Computer literate and previous experiences with Opera are an advantage. Knowledge & Competencies The ideal candidate will be customer driven and an extremely proactive and ‘switched on’ personality with an outgoing, charismatic and approachable character. You will work well under pressure in a fast paced environment and be a great team player, who thrives in working with a multi-cultural team and guests alike, while possessing following additional competencies: Understanding Hotel Operations Effective Commun (more...)
GC
Advertisement
|
|
|
|
|
All rights reserved - AlJazeeraJobs ® is a registered trade mark and unauthorised usage is strictly prohibited.
|
, , , , ,