alJazeera Jobs - Store Manager - M.A.C - Ajman City Centre
Jobs in Qatar, Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, Oman, Bahrain, Dubai, Abu Dhabi by alJazeera Jobs
Select Language
English
Francais
Deutsch
عربي
Español
Português
Русский
Nederlands
Türkçe
اردو
Contact alJazeera Jobs Bahrain: (+973) 16199-113
Serving Arabian Gulf Job Seekers since 2007, alJazeera Jobs
is the established, trusted and leading provider of Jobs in
, , , ,
and .
Subscribe to our custom developed Candidate
Management Service to proactively place your details in Arabic
and English into the HR systems of the leading employers in
the Gulf. Jump to the head of the queue and get hired, sign-up
.
JOB SEARCH
I'm looking for...
In location
Select Country
Saudi Arabia
UAE
Kuwait
Qatar
Bahrain
Oman
other
ACCOUNT MANAGEMENT:
|
Store Manager - M.A.C - Ajman City Centre
04 May 2014 02:39 AM - UAE
Store Manager - M.A.C - Ajman City CentreApply now Job no: 780841Location: Dubai Ajman City Centre M•A•C (Make-up Art Cosmetics) M•A•C (Make-up Art Cosmetics), a leading brand of professional cosmetics, was created in Canada. M.A.C's popularity has grown through a tradition of word-of-mouth endorsement from makeup artists, models, photographers and journalists around the world. The dedication to our pro roots can be seen in the extensive range of colours, formulas, finishes and tools. Our artists uphold the professional roots and are able to offer advice and tips to ensure customers can recreate fashionable looks at home. The Role:Your role will be to maximise store contribution by proactively driving sales, reducing stock loss and managing controllable costs. Motivating and developing your team members will be integral to your role whilst ensuring the store complies with all company regulations and procedures.Qualifications & Requirements:• Proven store management experience.• Retail fashion or Health & Beauty management experience.• Excellent English skills.• Good numerical, analytic, interpersonal and (more...)
ASY
Advertisement
|
|
|
|
|
All rights reserved - AlJazeeraJobs ® is a registered trade mark and unauthorised usage is strictly prohibited.
|
, , , , ,