alJazeera Jobs - ARABIC SPEAKING - Store Manager - Luxury industry
Jobs in Qatar, Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, Oman, Bahrain, Dubai, Abu Dhabi by alJazeera Jobs
Select Language
English
Francais
Deutsch
عربي
Español
Português
Русский
Nederlands
Türkçe
اردو
Contact alJazeera Jobs Bahrain: (+973) 16199-113
Serving Arabian Gulf Job Seekers since 2007, alJazeera Jobs
is the established, trusted and leading provider of Jobs in
, , , ,
and .
Subscribe to our custom developed Candidate
Management Service to proactively place your details in Arabic
and English into the HR systems of the leading employers in
the Gulf. Jump to the head of the queue and get hired, sign-up
.
JOB SEARCH
I'm looking for...
In location
Select Country
Saudi Arabia
UAE
Kuwait
Qatar
Bahrain
Oman
other
ACCOUNT MANAGEMENT:
|
ARABIC SPEAKING - Store Manager - Luxury industry
04 May 2014 12:04 AM - UAE
Â  Â
ARABIC SPEAKING - Store Manager - Luxury industry AdeccoAbu Dhabi, UAERef: KP164-490The RoleThe RoleA luxury brand is looking for one of their store in Abu Dhabi for a store manager.
Arabic Speaking and experience in the same industry in Abu Dhabi is a must. This person will be managing a team so has to have to ability to develop and train. An excellent relationship with end customer is a must. RequirementsRequirementsManaging and motivating a team to increase sales and ensure efficiency; Managing stock levels and making key decisions about stock control; Analysing sales figures and forecasting future sales ; Analysing and interpreting trends to facilitate planning; Using information technology to record sales figures, for data analysis and forward planning; Dealing with staffing issues such as interviewing potential staff, conducting appraisals and performance reviews, as well as providing or organising training and development; Ensuring standards for quality, customer service and health and safety are met; Resolving health and safety, legal and security issues; Responding to customer complaints and comments; Organising special promotions, displays and events; Attending and chairing meetings; Updating colleagues on business performance, new initiatives and other pertinent issues; Touring the sales floor regularly, talking to colleagues and customers, and identifying or resolving urgent issues; Maintaining awareness of market trends in the retail industry, understanding forthcoming customer initiatives and monitoring what local competitors are doing; Initiating changes to improve the business, e.g. revising opening hours to ensure the store can compete effectively in the local market; Promoting the organisation locally by liaising with local schools, newspapers and the community in general; Dealing with sales, as and when required. About the CompanyAbout the CompanyThe Adecco Group is the world's leading provider of HR solutions. With more than 33,000 FTE employees and a network of 5,600 branches, in over 60 countries and territories around the world, we offer a wide variety of services, connecting close to 750,000 associates with well over 100,000 clients every day. The services we offer fall into the broad categories of temporary staffing, permanent placement, career transition, talent development and workforce management solutions, as well as outsourcing and co (more...)
GT
Advertisement
|
|
|
|
|
All rights reserved - AlJazeeraJobs ® is a registered trade mark and unauthorised usage is strictly prohibited.
|
, , , , ,