alJazeera Jobs - Senior Power Plant Operator
Jobs in Qatar, Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, Oman, Bahrain, Dubai, Abu Dhabi by alJazeera Jobs
Select Language
English
Francais
Deutsch
عربي
Español
Português
Русский
Nederlands
Türkçe
اردو
Contact alJazeera Jobs Bahrain: (+973) 16199-113
Serving Arabian Gulf Job Seekers since 2007, alJazeera Jobs
is the established, trusted and leading provider of Jobs in
, , , ,
and .
Subscribe to our custom developed Candidate
Management Service to proactively place your details in Arabic
and English into the HR systems of the leading employers in
the Gulf. Jump to the head of the queue and get hired, sign-up
.
JOB SEARCH
I'm looking for...
In location
Select Country
Saudi Arabia
UAE
Kuwait
Qatar
Bahrain
Oman
other
ACCOUNT MANAGEMENT:
|
Senior Power Plant Operator
03 May 2014 05:51 PM - UAE
..WTS Energy is running a Recruitment Campaign in India (From 23rd May - 4th June) for a National Oil Company in Abu Dhabi, to recruit various positions (150+ Positions - Mid to Senior Levels) including 2 Snr. Power Plant Operator (Direct Hire - 4 Weeks ON / 4 Weeks Off) positions Only candidates can attend the interview in INDIA (During - 23rd May till 4th June) need to apply The client is a national oil and gas company Monitor and control the power plant on Zirku Island to acceptable operating standards according to the electrical load requirements in line with the procedures and standing instructions. a.) Operate and monitor the Gas Turbines ensuring plant is operated within defined parameters from the control center (ZCC). b.) Start and synchronize the turbines in established procedure, tackle emergency situations and take a quick and safe corrective action in case of plant upsets. c.) Take immediate decisions and act as the first intervention authority for efficient & smooth power plant operation, continuously monitor the power consumption of Zirku Island and regulate the power generation accordingly. d.) Work independent particularly during night shift and take immediate action for proper power plant operations e.) Continuously interact with the plant shift supervisors & Senior Panel Operators regarding the startup and stopping of the High-Voltage motors. f.) Monitor the power distribution network, UPS units and report all abnormalities to the electric engineers. g.) Prepare daily and monthly reports for Power & Fuel consumption, Fired time and operating data and events and Maintain log book. h.) Coordinate with plant shift supervisors, Senior Panel Operators and Utility Operators regarding Gas/Diesel lining up and availabilities. i.) Contribute in performance test of the turbines and prepare relevant data and reports. j.) Initiate work requests for the maintenance of the Mark-V control panels, and power distribution panel. k.) Monitor the voltage & frequency fluctuations of the electrical network continuously and respond to maintain the stability of the electrical grid. l.) Monitor the voltage & frequency fluctuations of the electrical network continuously and respond to maintain the stability of the electrical grid. m.) Monitor and identify the alarms and faults from electrical substations and equipments, and inform electrical team as per the on-call duty roster n.) Manipulate corrective load sharing adjustments in line with load requirement & air pressure regulations. o.) Carry out the job function in accordance with HSE commitment and policy to achieve strategic objectives and targets stipulated in ZADCO HSE management system document. a) Completion of Secondary technical education (12 years) + Electrical Diploma (2 years). b) 5 years experience in Oil industry as Electrical technician, with 3 years experiences as
(more...)
RZ
Advertisement
|
|
|
|
|
All rights reserved - AlJazeeraJobs ® is a registered trade mark and unauthorised usage is strictly prohibited.
|
, , , , ,