alJazeera Jobs - Security - Security Officer
Jobs in Qatar, Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, Oman, Bahrain, Dubai, Abu Dhabi by alJazeera Jobs
Select Language
English
Francais
Deutsch
عربي
Español
Português
Русский
Nederlands
Türkçe
اردو
Contact alJazeera Jobs Bahrain: (+973) 16199-113
Serving Arabian Gulf Job Seekers since 2007, alJazeera Jobs
is the established, trusted and leading provider of Jobs in
, , , ,
and .
Subscribe to our custom developed Candidate
Management Service to proactively place your details in Arabic
and English into the HR systems of the leading employers in
the Gulf. Jump to the head of the queue and get hired, sign-up
.
JOB SEARCH
I'm looking for...
In location
Select Country
Saudi Arabia
UAE
Kuwait
Qatar
Bahrain
Oman
other
ACCOUNT MANAGEMENT:
|
Security - Security Officer
03 May 2014 08:39 PM - UAE
.
Security - Security Officer Al Bustan Rotana We are currently seeking enthusiastic, dynamic and committed Security Professionals who want to move their career forward along with the growth of the company. As a Security Officer you are responsible to protect and safeguard all hotel guests, employees, their belongings and all hotel assets, whereby your role will include key responsibilities such as: •Ensure and guard the safety of guests and employees by walking surveillance rounds and patrol all of the Hotel’s areas •Respond rapidly to requests for emergency and non-emergency assistance in a professional and hospitable manner •Detect safety-threatening situations and irregularities like unwanted visitors, mutilation or aggressive behavior •Obtain all loss reports, investigate, follow-up and determine course of action •Monitor designated areas on the closed CCTV •Ensure that ‘Fire Exit’ doors are kept free of blockage at all times and ensure that fire and safety equipments are in their right places •Perform all tasks consistently in line with the hotel standards and adhere to all legal and statutory requirements Skills Education, Qualifications & Experiences You should ideally be a certified Security Officer with previous experiences preferably as a hotel security or a similar security branch background. Additional certifications like CPR, First Aid, BHV or the use of AED (Automatic External Defibrillator) are a definite plus. A good command of English in both written and spoken and to follow safety & security rules and procedures without compromises at all times are essential. Knowledge & Competencies The ideal candidate will be hands-on with a positive, proactive and flexible attitude. You will thrive working in a busy environment & stay calm under pressure, have attention to details and s (more...)
GC
Advertisement
|
|
|
|
|
All rights reserved - AlJazeeraJobs ® is a registered trade mark and unauthorised usage is strictly prohibited.
|
, , , , ,