Executive Administrator Job in Dubai - Ethics Plus Public Accountants - Bayt.com
OK
Cancel
Loading...
Loading...
Jobs
Jobs
Salaries
People Companies Specialties
- All -
- All -Algeria (12)Bahrain (115)Dubai (1555)Egypt (495)Iraq (81)Jordan (390)Kuwait (740)Lebanon (249)Libya (16)Morocco (12)Oman (96)Pakistan (33)Qatar (1055)Saudi Arabia (2766)Sri Lanka (62)Tunisia (6)UAE (3582)Yemen (3)
Loading...
Menu - []
›
› Job Description
Executive Administrator
- ,
Date Posted: 2014/05/03 14:36:16
Ref. JB3046812
Job Description
A leading public accounting firm based in Dubai is looking to recruit an Office Administrator (Male/Female) with a minimum of 2 years local experience, a professional attitude, superior attention to detail and the ability to keep up with a fast-paced, multi-tasking environment. The ideal candidate must have strong MS office skills, especially in Microsoft Excel, must have knowledge of computers & internet and must be willing to learn new skills as technology advances. He/she must be very proficient in business correspondence and client coordination and must be able to follow instructions to the letter and complete a wide assortment of miscellaneous tasks in an efficient & professional manner. The preference will be for candidates having an accounting background and with practical knowledge of accounting software such as Tally, Peachtree etc. He/she ensures that efficient support services are provided in order to ensure the efficiency and the effectiveness of the firm. We offer an attractive salary and excellent working conditions. The candidate will be reporting directly to the Managing Partner.
Preference will be given to candidates who can demonstrate experience in the following:
•Planning, prioritizing, and scheduling tasks, people and resources in order meet identified time frames and standards
•Advanced proficiency in Microsoft Office especially in the use of Excel Spreadsheets
•To provide full PA and administrative support to Senior Management
•Coordinating tasks of staff
•Well-developed communication skills including the ability to perform effectively in a team environment with a strong Client focus
•Timely response to client inquiries
•Receive, direct and respond telephone/fax messages.
•High level of skill in drafting and formatting correspondence, presentations and reports
•Coordinating the set up and maintenance of an effective filing system
Skills
•Excellent communication and general administrative skills
•The ability to effectively use MS Office especially Excel spreadsheets
•To be able to work effectively and calmly under pressure and with ever-changing priorities, to meet deadlines
•Ability to prioritize tasks, produce accurate work and meet tight deadlines, sound written and oral communication skills
•Ability to use own initiative
•Ability to work as a flexible and effective team member
•Effective problem-solving and negotiation skills
•Proven experience of working within a team
•Ability to cope in a dynamic and fast-moving environment
This job is posted in the following Specialties:
Job Details
Job Location:
Dubai, United Arab Emirates
Company Industry:
Accounting/Auditing
Company Type:
Employer (Private Sector)
Job Role:
Administration
Joining Date:
2014-05-15
Employment Status:
Full time
Employment Type:
Employee
Monthly Salary Range:
$1,000 - $2,000
Manages Others:
No
Number of Vacancies:
1
Preferred Candidate
Career Level:
Entry Level
Years of Experience:
Min: 1 Max: 5
Residence Location:
United Arab Emirates
Gender:
Unspecified
Nationality:
India
Degree:
Bachelor's degree / higher diploma
About This Company
We are a medium sized public accounting firm founded in Dubai in the year 1995. Our high quality professional audit, accountancy, business development and advisory services form the foundation of our practice.
Our clients represent virtually every field of business, industry, the professions, the arts and entertainment world.
We are affiliated to INPACT International Ltd., UK, a rapidly expanding network of independent accountancy and professional services firms (currently ranking 15th in the world) with members and affiliates throughout the world. The range and diversity of skills and technical expertise available within Ethics Plus and through our affiliation provides us with the resources to respond to every client situation throughout the United Arab Emirates and internationally.
At Ethics Plus, we focus our wealth of knowledge on the goals of each client and our philosophy is to be our clients most valued and trusted advisor.
Date Posted: 2014/05/03 14:36:16
Ref. JB3046812
Similar Jobs
Recommended Courses
Invite Your
Friends to Bayt.com
Find Jobs
About Bayt.com
Bayt.com is the leading job site in the Gulf and Middle East, connecting job seekers with employers looking to hire.
Every day, thousands of new job vacancies are listed on the award-winning platform from the region's top employers.
Company
Quick Links
Follow
© 2000-2014 Bayt.com, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
-
Reproduction of material from any Bayt.com pages without written permission is strictly prohibited.