alJazeera Jobs - ARCHITECT Job
Jobs in Qatar, Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, Oman, Bahrain, Dubai, Abu Dhabi by alJazeera Jobs
Select Language
English
Francais
Deutsch
عربي
Español
Português
Русский
Nederlands
Türkçe
اردو
Contact alJazeera Jobs Bahrain: (+973) 16199-113
Serving Arabian Gulf Job Seekers since 2007, alJazeera Jobs
is the established, trusted and leading provider of Jobs in
, , , ,
and .
Subscribe to our custom developed Candidate
Management Service to proactively place your details in Arabic
and English into the HR systems of the leading employers in
the Gulf. Jump to the head of the queue and get hired, sign-up
.
JOB SEARCH
I'm looking for...
In location
Select Country
Saudi Arabia
UAE
Kuwait
Qatar
Bahrain
Oman
other
ACCOUNT MANAGEMENT:
|
ARCHITECT Job
03 May 2014 01:24 PM - UAE
. Job Category: Customer Service & SupportLocation: United Arab Emirates - Non Location Specific, AEJob ID: 877097-141138Division: Services & SupportCentre of Excellence ArchitectThe Architect in Enterprise Services' Parallel Data Warehouse (PDW) Center-of-Excellence is involved in all aspects of the lifecycle cycle of the Microsoft Appliances, but is most critical during pre-sales support, discovery and design phases, POC delivery, implementation support, with broad focus around Enterprise Data Warehouse platforms and solutions. Duties include: Pre-sales support: Assist field sellers to have the technical conversations for convert customer sales opportunities to product wins. Do this through technical seminars, architectural design sessions with customers, and execute proof-of-concept deployments that enable customers to envision and prepare for deploying their PDW solutions. Implementation and product delivery: Enable superior customer and partner experience through delivering appliance deployment services in collaboration with deployment partners and the Microsoft Services organizations. IP Development: Demonstrate thought leadership and drive IP harvesting, development and reuse initiatives. Team closely with engineering and product marketing in support of the Data Insights solutions road map. Readiness: Help customers, partners and Microsoft field to ramp-up on some of the most critical and front-running technologies to help develop big data solutions. This includes presenting at TechReady, public conferences, and customer/partner readiness workshops. Demonstrated competencies of a practicing architect:- Ability to successfully engage with business and IT stakeholders.- Strong executive presence and ability to interact with top executives.- Understanding of the local or regional markets.- Ability to translate technology capabilities into business capabilities.- Excellent verbal and written communication skills to business and technical audiences. Ability to use contextual visualization to demonstrate business value of hard analytical data. - Ability to create compelling value propositions and deliver quantified business justifications.- Application development lifecycle, discovering patterns and practices.- Solution architecure design, DBMS architecture.- Inclusion of quality attributes in solution designs (security, availability, resilience, performance, scalability, cost, usability)- Excellent analytical and problem solving competencies: Ability to assess sources and losses of value through the customer's entire business; developing insights into previously unrecognized business dynamics; translating complex quantitative results into business-relevant conclusions- Information modeling (ERStudio, ERwin, etc), data structures, master data management, data quality management, information governance, data warehousing. - Object / relational mapping- Structured and unstructured data analysis- Understanding of algorithms- Analytical skills, including stochastic and deterministic optimizationMicrosoft is an equal opportunity employer and supports workforce diversityWorld's Best International Workplaces Award Winner 2011Microsoft's privacy statement can be viewed on the following web page: privacy.microsoft.com/e (more...)
MST
Advertisement
|
|
|
|
|
All rights reserved - AlJazeeraJobs ® is a registered trade mark and unauthorised usage is strictly prohibited.
|
, , , , ,