F&B; Attendant - InterContinental Abu Dhabi jobs in Intercontinental Hotels Group in Abu Dhabi - United Arab Emirates - Naukrigulf.com
Job Seekers Login:
|
F&B; Attendant - InterContinental Abu Dhabi
at Intercontinental Hotels Group in
-
Posted: May
2, 2014 Exp:
2 - 3
yrs.
| Opening(s): 1
Education: Basic - Bachelor of Hotel Management(Hotel Management)
Gender: Not Mentioned
Industry Type:
/
/
/
Functional Area:
/
/
/
Your Message could not be sent.
Your message has been sent
Job Description
Share
at IHG we\\'re interested in YOU \! We love people who bring the same amount of care and passion to their hobbies as they do their work. By sharing your expertise and passion, you will help us to achieve our vision which is \\'Great Hotels Guests Love\\'.
This is an excellent opportunity to join our hotel as F&B; Attendant and to grow within the InterContinental Hotels Group. As a member of the Food and beverage service team your duties include mise en place of beverage preparation, set up of functions, set up of food and beverage equipment and assisting with the preparation of service.
By providing optimum service to all hotel guests you will be assisting us in becoming one of the very best companies in the world.
Are you having good interaction skills?
Are you innovative and passionate about guest satisfaction? Ideally you will have a minimum of 2 years Food & Beverage service experience, in a similar operation. Being good in communicating with guests, you will be given the chance to work with a multicultural taskforce. In return, we\\'ll give you the support, development and inspiration to succeed. We promise to enrich your overall working experience by providing a competitive salary package, duty meals, worldwide hotel discounts and the opportunity to work with a great team of people.
Desired Candidate Profile
In return, we'll give you the support, development and inspiration to succeed. We promise to enrich your overall working experience by providing a competitive salary package, duty meals, worldwide hotel discounts and the opportunity to work with a great team of people.
Most importantly, we'll give you a Room to be yourself.
Keyword: F&B; Attendant - InterContinental Abu Dhabi
|
Company Profile
Intercontinental Hotels Group
Contact Details
Website
Disclaimer: Naukrigulf.com is only a platform to bring jobseekers & employers together. Applicants are advised to research the bonafides of the prospective employer independently. We do NOT endorse any requests for money payments and strictly advice against sharing personal or bank related information.We also recommend you visit
for more information. If you suspect any fraud or malpractice, email us at
To*
From*
Subject*
Email:
Password:
Upload a latest profile photo
A CV with photo has 40% higher chances of getting noticed by employers
Upload Profile Photo
This is how your profile photo will look like.To make adjustments, you can drag around and resize the yellow dashed-square on the right panel.
When you are satisfied with your photo click the "Save Photo" button.
Browse Jobs by
Jobs By Location
Jobs By Category
Job Seekers
Recruiters
Partner Sites
Company
Information
All rights reserved © 2001-
2014 Info Edge (India) Ltd.