Female Personal Assistant Job in Abu Dhabi - Bayt.com
OK
Cancel
Loading...
Loading...
Jobs
Jobs
Salaries
People Companies Specialties
- All -
- All -Algeria (12)Bahrain (115)Dubai (1555)Egypt (495)Iraq (81)Jordan (390)Kuwait (740)Lebanon (249)Libya (16)Morocco (12)Oman (96)Pakistan (33)Qatar (1055)Saudi Arabia (2766)Sri Lanka (62)Tunisia (6)UAE (3582)Yemen (3)
Loading...
Menu - []
›
› Job Description
Female Personal Assistant
Confidential Company - ,
Date Posted: 2014/05/03 11:15:39
Ref. JB1364837
Job Description
The Personal Assistant
is responsible for providing secretarial, clerical and administrative support to the Managing Director/Owner to ensure that the work is provided in an effective and efficient manner. The PA is required to exercise independent judgment, technical knowledge of the Managing Director/Owner’s area of responsibilities.
• Perform a wide variety of executive secretarial and administrative duties as required by daily operations in the MD/Owner’s office;
• Answer, screen and accept communication on behalf of the Managing Director/Owner, including telephone calls, e-mail messages, and office visitors; provide assistance using independent judgment to determine those requiring priority attention;
• Attend Managing Director/ Owner’s meeting and take minutes when required;
• Coordinate and maintain Managing Director/ Owner’s activities, schedules, and calendar;
• Make travel arrangements for the Managing Director/Owner's; coordinate with the travel coordinator on this responsibility;
• Develop and recommend office procedures and systems that will ensure smooth office operations;
• Review and summarize miscellaneous reports and documents and prepare background documents as necessary;
• Other duties as assigned.
Skills
2-5 years office administration and supervision experience; knowledge of MS Office (word, powerpoint, excel) Fluent in English and Arabic.
Job Details
Job Location:
Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates
Company Industry:
Administration
Company Type:
Employer (Private Sector)
Job Role:
Administration
Joining Date:
Unspecified
Employment Status:
Full time
Employment Type:
Employee
Monthly Salary Range:
Unspecified
Manages Others:
Unspecified
Number of Vacancies:
1
Preferred Candidate
Career Level:
Mid Career
Years of Experience:
Min: 2
Residence Location:
Unspecified
Gender:
Female
Nationality:
Unspecified
Degree:
Bachelor's degree / higher diploma
Date Posted: 2014/05/03 11:15:39
Ref. JB1364837
Similar Jobs
Recommended Courses
Invite Your
Friends to Bayt.com
Find Jobs
About Bayt.com
Bayt.com is the leading job site in the Gulf and Middle East, connecting job seekers with employers looking to hire.
Every day, thousands of new job vacancies are listed on the award-winning platform from the region's top employers.
Company
Quick Links
Follow
© 2000-2014 Bayt.com, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
-
Reproduction of material from any Bayt.com pages without written permission is strictly prohibited.