Software Engineer Job in United Arab Emirates - METSCON IT SYSTEMS LLC - Bayt.com
OK
Cancel
Loading...
Loading...
Jobs
Jobs
Salaries
People Companies Specialties
- All -
- All -Algeria (12)Bahrain (115)Dubai (1555)Egypt (495)Iraq (81)Jordan (390)Kuwait (740)Lebanon (249)Libya (16)Morocco (12)Oman (96)Pakistan (33)Qatar (1055)Saudi Arabia (2766)Sri Lanka (62)Tunisia (6)UAE (3582)Yemen (3)
Loading...
Menu - []
›
› Job Description
Software Engineer
-
Date Posted: 2014/05/03 09:48:22
Ref. JB3046789
Job Description
Understand and analyse user requirements and convert them to viable and acceptable solutions by developing documentation, code comments and clear code.
Will be skillful at programming and prototyping methodologies in various frameworks.
Has the ability to understand and work with Enterprise-level architectural design.
Analyse and identify areas for improvement.
Work efficiently in a team setting, supporting and complimenting all the various divisions within the organisation.
Key Job functions:
Evaluate software tools regarding their ability to support specified requirements and identifying any potential or actual bottlenecks
Understand impact of integrating third party solutions to overall systems architecture.
Propose ideas for incorporating new technologies into
development to generate innovative business opportunities.
Experience in systems analysis and design in large systems environment.
Ability to work in a team environment, resolve development issues and meet deadlines.
Ability to identify technical issues, risks, and mitigation.
Ability to work with an integrated team to achieve common goals.
Follows approved life-cycle methodologies and performs program coding and testing.
Skills
• Ability to use one or more development language (• .Net
/
/
, SQL Server 2005, 2008,2012,
/ C# , Silver Light, WCF, WPF, Java Script, Web Service
OR
Core Java, Servlets/JSP, Unit Test (Junit), XML, Web Server (Tomcat/Web Logic),
Core Spring Framework, ESB, SQL, MySQL, MSSQL
Experience with web service
Proficiency in Services-Oriented Architecture, Design and Implementation.
Experience with HTML, Javascript, CSS
Strong communication skills
Ability to work in a team
Excellent analytical, problem solving and decision-making skills that rely on a structured approach to problem solving. Strong attention to detail and commitment to quality.
Strong background in Application Design and Development.
Knowledge of System Development Life Cycle and Agile Methodology
This job is posted in the following Specialties:
Job Details
Job Location:
United Arab Emirates
Company Industry:
Computer/Software
Company Type:
Employer (Private Sector)
Job Role:
Technology/IT
Joining Date:
Unspecified
Employment Status:
Unspecified
Employment Type:
Unspecified
Monthly Salary Range:
Unspecified
Manages Others:
Unspecified
Number of Vacancies:
1
Preferred Candidate
Career Level:
Mid Career
Years of Experience:
Min: 3 Max: 10
Residence Location:
Unspecified
Gender:
Unspecified
Nationality:
Unspecified
Degree:
Unspecified
Date Posted: 2014/05/03 09:48:22
Ref. JB3046789
Similar Jobs
Recommended Courses
Invite Your
Friends to Bayt.com
Find Jobs
About Bayt.com
Bayt.com is the leading job site in the Gulf and Middle East, connecting job seekers with employers looking to hire.
Every day, thousands of new job vacancies are listed on the award-winning platform from the region's top employers.
Company
Quick Links
Follow
© 2000-2014 Bayt.com, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
-
Reproduction of material from any Bayt.com pages without written permission is strictly prohibited.