alJazeera Jobs - SCIENCE TEACHERS -ABU DHABI- INTERVIEWS IN LONDON/DUBLIN
Jobs in Qatar, Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, Oman, Bahrain, Dubai, Abu Dhabi by alJazeera Jobs
Select Language
English
Francais
Deutsch
عربي
Español
Português
Русский
Nederlands
Türkçe
اردو
Contact alJazeera Jobs Bahrain: (+973) 16199-113
Serving Arabian Gulf Job Seekers since 2007, alJazeera Jobs
is the established, trusted and leading provider of Jobs in
, , , ,
and .
Subscribe to our custom developed Candidate
Management Service to proactively place your details in Arabic
and English into the HR systems of the leading employers in
the Gulf. Jump to the head of the queue and get hired, sign-up
.
JOB SEARCH
I'm looking for...
In location
Select Country
Saudi Arabia
UAE
Kuwait
Qatar
Bahrain
Oman
other
ACCOUNT MANAGEMENT:
|
SCIENCE TEACHERS -ABU DHABI- INTERVIEWS IN LONDON/DUBLIN
03 May 2014 08:24 AM - UAE
SCIENCE TEACHERS - ABU DHABI - INTERVIEWS LONDON/DUBLIN - MAYStart Date: AUGUST/SEPTEMBER 2014Interviews in London and Dublin - MAY 2014With over 15 years International Teacher recruitment experience, Teachanywhere are proud to be a preferred recruitment partner of one of the most prestigious educational developments in the world today.As an experienced and qualified Primary Teacher you will be part of delivering a high quality education system that enables all learners to reach their full potential to support Abu Dhabi's growth and prosperity. Preparing all learners to contribute to, and be competitive in, the global society while preserving national identity, local culture and traditions.Our Client has developed strategic plans to set out its approach towards creating the highest quality, comprehensive system of education based on world-class standards and expertise.This is an unrivaled opportunity for those who want to challenge their teaching skills, are ready to be flexible and adapt to the cultural differences that arise when teaching in a country different from your own.This prestigious government funded project offers very competitive tax free salaries.2 year contract End of contract gratuity of 1 full month pay - per year of service.£2,100 - £3,300 per month tax free+£250pm for holding a Masters degree - depending on years of experienceMedical insurance for teacher and eligible family (up to 3 dependents under 18yrs) Flights for self. Flight allowance for dependents. YearlyHousing - up to 3 bedroom apartment - suited to dependent status. Single teachers get 1 bedroom apartment. No school fee allowance for dependents. Abu Dhabi, UAE, is one hour away from Dubai and is similarly westernised, shiny and welcoming with beaches, clubs, restaurants and shopping galore. Abu Dhabi is the largest and wealthiest of the United Arab Emirates and is the capital of the UAE. Applicants must be fully qualified teachers and have state school teaching qualifications from the UK, Ireland, Australia, New Zealand, Canada or US such as a Bachelors or Masters of Education for Primary, or a degree + HDE/PGCE for Primary or a Licensed Singaporean Teacher. Please contact your Teachanywhere C (more...)
GJ
Advertisement
|
|
|
|
|
All rights reserved - AlJazeeraJobs ® is a registered trade mark and unauthorised usage is strictly prohibited.
|
, , , , ,