Strategic Partnership Manager - UAE
Job Seekers
|
|
what:
where:
Abu Dhabi
Strategic Partnership Manager - UAE
My client is a worldwide operator who is now on the lookout for a Strategic Partnership Manager for the Catering and Support Services Industry!
This is an amazing opportunity for someone with extensive experience to join an international company!
Salary is around £35-40k (tax free) + flights, medical insurance, bonus, visa etc.
Key responsibilities:
The Strategic Partnership Manager’s responsibility is to support Strategic Partnership Directors and Operations to retain and grow existing business. To assist SPD’s and Operators develop and deliver sales initiatives to support the business objectives and retain business through commercial and financially focussed tender and bid responses.
Conduct reviews of smaller clients and develop client retention plans, as appropriate Assist SPD ensuring that client retention processes (losses, renewals reporting) are followed correctly Ensure the safe and secure operation of all operational activities on behalf of all stakeholders
Essential Requirements:
Sales experience Good understanding of Operations Highly literate and numerate IT and computer literate (competent in all Microsoft packages) Excellent communication and presentation skills at senior management / executive level Proposing and gaining agreement for tender submissions that cover the needs and expectations of all internal and external stakeholders
If your experience matches then send me your CV today! To
COREcruitment are experts in recruiting for the service sector. We currently have over 700 live roles across the UK, Middle East, Europe, North America, South East Asia, Africa and Australia. To view other great opportunities please check out our website at or call us on for a confidential chat about upcoming opportunities.
COREcruitment operate one of the best referral schemes in the industry - know anyone looking for a new challenge? Email with your contacts CV - you could earn up to £500!
Follow COREcruitment on your favourite social networks - Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn and Pinterest. We give away fantastic prizes... every month! This job was originally posted as
Summary
Location:
Company:
Contract type: Permanent
Send to a friend
Your friend's email
Your full name
Your message
Strategic Partnership Manager - UAE
http://www.careerjet.co.uk/jobview/babc9ddd1c0145fa45b9118413f30b19.html?affid=7b2e27d9738a79f5
|
|
|
|
© 2014 Careerjet