3D MAX / AUTOCAD OPERATOR Job in Sharjah - Paris Group - Bayt.com
OK
Cancel
Loading...
Loading...
Jobs
Jobs
Salaries
People Companies Specialties
- All -
- All -Algeria (12)Bahrain (115)Dubai (1555)Egypt (495)Iraq (81)Jordan (390)Kuwait (740)Lebanon (249)Libya (16)Morocco (12)Oman (96)Pakistan (33)Qatar (1055)Saudi Arabia (2766)Sri Lanka (62)Tunisia (6)UAE (3582)Yemen (3)
Loading...
Menu - []
›
› Job Description
3D MAX / AUTOCAD OPERATOR
- ,
Date Posted: 2014/05/03 05:39:40
Ref. JB2072371
Job Description
1.	Responsible in creating a quality architecture and interior design work specializing in fashion and restaurant through 3D Max .
2.	Plan and coordinates all 3D work to the Architect and AutoCAD operator
3.	Responsible in maintaining the quality of design through research and development and provide comprehensive design service for new projects as well as modifications and renovations of existing business establishments.
4.	Work closely with the Senior Designer to assure that the design needs of each department are being handled with understanding, ingenuity, and urgency.
5.	Responsible in doing turnkey drawing from design concept to technical drawing such as architectural, shop drawings, details and MEP drawing;
6.	Knowledgeable in application of suitable materials for a certain project.
7.	Equipped knowledge in modeling / texturing and rendering.
8.	Ensure the safety in the working area.
9.	Performs other related duties that may be assigned from time to time.
Skills
Min. Experience – 3 year
Efficient working knowledge of 3D MAX and AutoCAD
Knowledge in producing accurate drawings and visuals from brief given
V-Ray skills a must
This job is posted in the following Specialties:
Education
Fine Arts
Job Details
Job Location:
Sharjah, United Arab Emirates
Company Industry:
Retail/Wholesale
Company Type:
Employer (Private Sector)
Job Role:
Art/Design/Creative
Joining Date:
Unspecified
Employment Status:
Full time
Employment Type:
Employee
Monthly Salary Range:
Unspecified
Manages Others:
Unspecified
Number of Vacancies:
1
Preferred Candidate
Career Level:
Entry Level
Years of Experience:
Min: 3 Max: 5
Residence Location:
United Arab Emirates
Gender:
Unspecified
Nationality:
Unspecified
Degree:
Bachelor's degree / higher diploma
About This Company
PARIS GROUP 29 years of continuous success made a trademark of Professionalism and Excellent Service. Founded by Dr. Abdulkader Sankari, Paris Group on its Silver Anniversary is recognized as one of the principal forces in the Fashion and Hospitality business in the Middle East, Far East and Eastern Europe Region; it demonstrated an appreciation for the retail industry by taking a leadership role as an agent, distributor and franchisee.
The Company merits its position by representing a management profile of over 250 owned boutiques. Today, a team of more than 4,000 highly skilled and dedicated multinational professionals from around 35 nationalities are an extension of Paris Group Family; with direct employees of over 3,284 in United Arab Emirates.
With the encompassing franchise partnership of Sankari Investment with world top fashion designers such as Versace, Gianfranco Ferre, Canali, Cerruti, Richmond, Hugo Boss, Camper to name just a few, Paris Group is leading in the market of elegant and fine global fashion. Also, Paris Group under the Golden Bridge Division is committed in bringing Medium brands of fashion clothing to the region with an exclusive joint venture with Pierre Cardin and Balmain, and a franchise agreement with Ted Lapidus, Verri and Azzaro. Recognizing the demanding lifestyle of our avid clientele is our top secret that gives us direction. We will always give the best and finest in the UAE and other Region to keep our commitment of Excellent Service.
Date Posted: 2014/05/03 05:39:40
Ref. JB2072371
Recommended Courses
Invite Your
Friends to Bayt.com
Find Jobs
About Bayt.com
Bayt.com is the leading job site in the Gulf and Middle East, connecting job seekers with employers looking to hire.
Every day, thousands of new job vacancies are listed on the award-winning platform from the region's top employers.
Company
Quick Links
Follow
© 2000-2014 Bayt.com, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
-
Reproduction of material from any Bayt.com pages without written permission is strictly prohibited.