Lead Mobile Game Designer with Amiqus | 17552
Get a
/
Recruiter
/
Lead Mobile Game Designer
Recruiter
Amiqus
Posted
02 May 2014
Closes
30 June 2014
Location
Sector
,
Contract Type
Hours
Level
Job Function
Salary
01/05/14
Further information
One of the largest publishers in the games industry has set up a new mobile studio in the heart of the middle east - Abu Dhabi. This role is working in a new and fresh mobile team full of talented people; they are not only working on several well known franchises but also their own IP. Based in high tech offices in the sun drenched and tax free haven of Abu Dhabi, this role has it all!
As Lead Designer you will be responsible for four other mid level and senior designers; you will lead a creative and design focused environment which has innovation at its heart. You will be responsible for facilitating this environment as well as bringing vague ideas and mechanics to a physical feature within a mobile game.
Ideally we are looking for:
Previous lead design experience in the games industry
Have worked on several projects from cradle to grave
Taken projects from prototype/concept stage to completion
Someone who is creative and takes inspiration from all walks of life
A talented communicator and leader
Someone who can relocate to Abu Dhabi
Mobile experience is a preference
This is a fantastic adventure and career opportunity, the role comes complete with a comprehensive relocation package and salary. For more information please call Alan Dixon on 01925 839 737 or email alan.dixon@amiqus.com or please apply.
Amiqus
Amiqus is a specialist recruitment consultancy that provides professional candidates to the interactive entertainment, digital media and technology sectors.
Share this job
Options
More jobs like this
Future is AOP and PPA Consumer Digital Publisher of the Year.This site is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. We produce content across five core areas:
Technology
Entertainment
Music
Creative
Sports & Auto
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
||
© 2012 - 2014 Future Publishing Limited, Beauford Court, 30 Monmouth Street, Bath, UK BA1 2BW - England and Wales company registration number 2008885. Powered by Madgex .