Sales Staff - Retail Fashion Job in Dubai - Paris Group - Bayt.com
OK
Cancel
Loading...
Loading...
Jobs
Jobs
Salaries
People Companies Specialties
- All -
- All -Algeria (12)Bahrain (115)Dubai (1555)Egypt (495)Iraq (81)Jordan (390)Kuwait (740)Lebanon (249)Libya (16)Morocco (12)Oman (96)Pakistan (33)Qatar (1055)Saudi Arabia (2766)Sri Lanka (62)Tunisia (6)UAE (3582)Yemen (3)
Loading...
Menu - []
›
› Job Description
Sales Staff - Retail Fashion
- ,
Date Posted: 2014/05/03 05:39:04
Ref. JB1110571
Job Description
JOB SUMMARY
Support the Wholesale Division in providing quality customer service through selling of products and or services in the Outlet.
JOB DESCRIPTION
Assist the Area Manager in ensuring all sales activity, planning and execution are at the highest level.
Requires knowledge of organization's range of products and /or services as well as organization's philosophy and policies.
Receives infrastructural assistance from corporate office.
Plan and carry out sales activities to meet assigned sales target
Arrange display of products in showroom for merchandising and promotions.
Attend to customer queries, complaints, suggestions, and requests by providing feedback to Area Manager with recommendations for sales promotion.
Process sales order and coordinate with cashier for processing of payment.
Maintain up to date stock position and record of the products.
Coordinate with the Storekeeper and Data Entry the availability of stocks.
Assists in updating customer database.
Working closely with Sales Analyst to develop and deliver sales forecasts and effectiveness of sales program
Maintain the standard display of products, cleanliness and safety in the showroom
Perform other related functions that may be assigned from time to time.
Skills
minimum 1 year experience in sales
20 to 30 years old, with pleasing personality
customer-service oriented
fluent in arabic & english
Job Details
Job Location:
Dubai, United Arab Emirates
Company Industry:
Retail/Wholesale
Company Type:
Employer (Private Sector)
Job Role:
Sales
Joining Date:
2008-12-30
Employment Status:
Full time
Employment Type:
Employee
Monthly Salary Range:
Unspecified
Manages Others:
Unspecified
Number of Vacancies:
10
Preferred Candidate
Career Level:
Entry Level
Years of Experience:
Min: 1
Residence Location:
United Arab Emirates
Gender:
Unspecified
Nationality:
Algeria; Bahrain; Egypt; Kuwait; Lebanon; Oman; Palestine; Qatar; Saudi Arabia; Syria; Ukraine; United Arab Emirates; Uzbekistan
Degree:
Unspecified
About This Company
PARIS GROUP 29 years of continuous success made a trademark of Professionalism and Excellent Service. Founded by Dr. Abdulkader Sankari, Paris Group on its Silver Anniversary is recognized as one of the principal forces in the Fashion and Hospitality business in the Middle East, Far East and Eastern Europe Region; it demonstrated an appreciation for the retail industry by taking a leadership role as an agent, distributor and franchisee.
The Company merits its position by representing a management profile of over 250 owned boutiques. Today, a team of more than 4,000 highly skilled and dedicated multinational professionals from around 35 nationalities are an extension of Paris Group Family; with direct employees of over 3,284 in United Arab Emirates.
With the encompassing franchise partnership of Sankari Investment with world top fashion designers such as Versace, Gianfranco Ferre, Canali, Cerruti, Richmond, Hugo Boss, Camper to name just a few, Paris Group is leading in the market of elegant and fine global fashion. Also, Paris Group under the Golden Bridge Division is committed in bringing Medium brands of fashion clothing to the region with an exclusive joint venture with Pierre Cardin and Balmain, and a franchise agreement with Ted Lapidus, Verri and Azzaro. Recognizing the demanding lifestyle of our avid clientele is our top secret that gives us direction. We will always give the best and finest in the UAE and other Region to keep our commitment of Excellent Service.
Date Posted: 2014/05/03 05:39:04
Ref. JB1110571
Recommended Courses
Invite Your
Friends to Bayt.com
Find Jobs
About Bayt.com
Bayt.com is the leading job site in the Gulf and Middle East, connecting job seekers with employers looking to hire.
Every day, thousands of new job vacancies are listed on the award-winning platform from the region's top employers.
Company
Quick Links
Follow
© 2000-2014 Bayt.com, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
-
Reproduction of material from any Bayt.com pages without written permission is strictly prohibited.