Oriental Chef with Emirati Cuisine experience jobs in Hozpitality Consulting in UAE - United Arab Emirates - Naukrigulf.com
Job Seekers Login:
|
Oriental Chef with Emirati Cuisine experience
at Hozpitality Consulting in
-
Posted: May
1, 2014 Exp:
2 - 4
yrs.
| Opening(s): 1
Education: Basic - Bachelor of Hotel Management(Hotel Management)
Gender: Not Mentioned
Industry Type:
/
Functional Area:
/
/
/
Your Message could not be sent.
Your message has been sent
Job Description
Share
1.1 To constantly be physically involved in all phases of the daily
operation requirements.
1.2 To constantly check the quality of food prepared with regard to taste
and temperature.
1.3 To insist on a uniform visual appearance of all dishes prepared; all presentation and garnish must be prepared according to the
standards.
1.4 To check all food related set-ups for restaurant and banquet
functions.
1.5 Responsible for the correct timing during service and to ensure that
food served is always of the highest standards
1.6 To check stores and refrigerators and be responsible for the proper
storing and recycling of leftovers.
1.7 Ensures smooth and effective communication among the kitchens
and with other departments.
1.8 To constantly be alert on freshness, presentations and temperature of
food served in restaurants or functions.
1.9 Attends daily chefs and banquet operational meetings / Banquets
events coordinators meeting.
1.10 Updates menu recipe cards and menu planning for promotions.
Page 2 of 4
1.11 To monitor schedules for the banquets kitchen staff.
1.12 Responsible for proper efficiency and profitable functioning of the assigned outlets or Sections.
1.13 To provide the necessary assistance / support to staff, Executive Sous Chefs and Executive Chef to achieve their goals.
1.14 To work in any section of the kitchen when necessary, due to
business demand.
1.15 To prepare all kinds of food including Oriental, for all banquet
events and restaurants with the help of junior’s staff and helps for
dish out for weddings as per hotel standards.
1.16 Communicates effectively with Executive Sous/ Sous Chef IC BQT/
for all relevant matters in case of day off or any other vacations or
leaves
1.17 Takes responsibility and ownership for all events to make sure that
the food is 100% ok as per the hygiene standards and the quality
and quantity of the food.
Keyword: Oriental Chef with Emirati Cuisine experience
|
Company Profile
Hozpitality Consulting
Contact Details
Website
Disclaimer: Naukrigulf.com is only a platform to bring jobseekers & employers together. Applicants are advised to research the bonafides of the prospective employer independently. We do NOT endorse any requests for money payments and strictly advice against sharing personal or bank related information.We also recommend you visit
for more information. If you suspect any fraud or malpractice, email us at
To*
From*
Subject*
Email:
Password:
Upload a latest profile photo
A CV with photo has 40% higher chances of getting noticed by employers
Upload Profile Photo
This is how your profile photo will look like.To make adjustments, you can drag around and resize the yellow dashed-square on the right panel.
When you are satisfied with your photo click the "Save Photo" button.
Browse Jobs by
Jobs By Location
Jobs By Category
Job Seekers
Recruiters
Partner Sites
Company
Information
All rights reserved © 2001-
2014 Info Edge (India) Ltd.