alJazeera Jobs - Full Time Security Officer 1 Position Needed, Det
Jobs in Qatar, Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, Oman, Bahrain, Dubai, Abu Dhabi by alJazeera Jobs
Select Language
English
Francais
Deutsch
عربي
Español
Português
Русский
Nederlands
Türkçe
اردو
Contact alJazeera Jobs Bahrain: (+973) 16199-113
Serving Arabian Gulf Job Seekers since 2007, alJazeera Jobs
is the established, trusted and leading provider of Jobs in
, , , ,
and .
Subscribe to our custom developed Candidate
Management Service to proactively place your details in Arabic
and English into the HR systems of the leading employers in
the Gulf. Jump to the head of the queue and get hired, sign-up
.
JOB SEARCH
I'm looking for...
In location
Select Country
Saudi Arabia
UAE
Kuwait
Qatar
Bahrain
Oman
other
ACCOUNT MANAGEMENT:
|
Full Time Security Officer 1 Position Needed, Det
02 May 2014 05:04 PM - UAE
. JOB SUMMARY:Under direct supervision, the Security Officer position patrols assigned areas to ensure protection of clients, visitors, property and equipment. Responsibilities include:Watches for irregularities, such as security breaches, facility and safety hazards, and emergency situations; contacts emergency responders, such as police, fire, and/or ambulance personnel as required.Remains alert for the presence of unauthorized persons and/or security code violators; approaches suspicious person and/or notifies police as appropriate; may confront and detain violators, as required, until police arrive.Patrols assigned area on foot, on bicycle, or in motor vehicle, as assigned, to ensure personal, building, and equipment securityExamines doors, windows, and gates to ensure security; uses client keys to open and close buildings; monitors closed buildings for unauthorized persons and/or suspicious activities.Prepares routine, standardized reports.Provides escorts as necessaryInforms and warns violators of rule infractions, such as loitering, smoking, or carrying forbidden articles.May provide specialized security in complex operational areas, requiring specific knowledge of the operating environment.Performs periodic checks of emergency call boxes and/or street lights to ensure proper functioning; reports all malfunctioning as required.Performs miscellaneous job-related duties as assigned.JOB SKILLS AND RESPONSIBILITIES:High School Diploma or equivalent required.Rover, desk job and foot patrols for this location.Must have a valid state security officer license, if applicable.Ability to communicate effectively with others both orally and in writing.Ability to walk and climb stairs.Ability to walk extended periods of time.Ability to work outside in extreme weather conditions.Ability to see and hear accurately in both day and nighttime conditions.Ability to comprehend numerous policies, procedures, concepts and to be able to respond using discretion and interpretive judgment based on general and specific policies.Ability to retain knowledge, information, and directions on an ongoing basis and communicate effectively with others.Ability to maintain accurate records.Ability to react appropriately in emergency situations.Knowledge of cardiopulmonary resuscitation and first aid.Knowledge of portable fire extinguishers and their locations.Knowledge of the geography of the site to which assigned.Skill in operating portable radio devices.REQUIRED COMPETENCIES:He/she must be customer service oriented.The successful candidate will pay close attention to detail.He/she must embody U.S. Security Associates' values as a highly visible representative of the branch and set high standards for him/her and others.ENVIRONMENT:Position based in Field Operations. Requires the ability to work in a fast-paced, multi-faceted environment.How to apply: You may apply in person at two convenient locations. 15565 Northland Dr., Suite 200W, Southfield, MI 48075 or 33131 Schoolcraft Rd., Livonia, MI 48150,DISCLAIMER:All the above duties and responsibilities are essential job functions subject to reasonable accommodation. All job requirements listed indicate the minimum level of knowledge, skills and/or ability deemed necessary to perform the job proficiently. Employees may be required to perform any other job-related instructions as requested by their supervisor, subject to reasonable accommodation. This document does not create an employment contract, implied or otherwise, other than an ldquo;at willrdquo; employment relationship.U.S. Security Associates, Inc. is an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, ancestry, age, medical condition, disability, veteran status, ma (more...)
JBS
Advertisement
|
|
|
|
|
All rights reserved - AlJazeeraJobs ® is a registered trade mark and unauthorised usage is strictly prohibited.
|
, , , , ,