alJazeera Jobs - Computer Operator
Jobs in Qatar, Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, Oman, Bahrain, Dubai, Abu Dhabi by alJazeera Jobs
Select Language
English
Francais
Deutsch
عربي
Español
Português
Русский
Nederlands
Türkçe
اردو
Contact alJazeera Jobs Bahrain: (+973) 16199-113
Serving Arabian Gulf Job Seekers since 2007, alJazeera Jobs
is the established, trusted and leading provider of Jobs in
, , , ,
and .
Subscribe to our custom developed Candidate
Management Service to proactively place your details in Arabic
and English into the HR systems of the leading employers in
the Gulf. Jump to the head of the queue and get hired, sign-up
.
JOB SEARCH
I'm looking for...
In location
Select Country
Saudi Arabia
UAE
Kuwait
Qatar
Bahrain
Oman
other
ACCOUNT MANAGEMENT:
|
Computer Operator
02 May 2014 05:04 PM - UAE
. JOB REQUIREMENTS: Run and monitor all batch flows on an IBM BC12 mainframe as well as distributed systems. Utilize and interact with software tools designed to monitor such systems. Follow documentation and escalation procedures whenever possible. Recognize inefficiencies in workflow and recommend actions or changes that will improve the overall operation. Work in a team environment. Perform routine tasks to maintain computer equipment and their peripherals. Perform Service Center functions from 9 PM - 6 AM. Enter problem tickets into our problem management system (Remedy). Maintain the production job schedule according to Corporate Service Level Agreements. Monitor Data Center and building environmental controls. Communicate well with support personnel and vendors concerning problem resolution and system status. Great Lakes is an equal opportunity employer of minorities, females, protected veterans, and individuals with disabilities. We invite all applicants to complete the Voluntary Affirmative Action questions when submitting application materials. The questions are found at the end of the online application process. ***** OTHER EXPERIENCE AND QUALIFICATIONS: Experience with JES2, TSO/ISPF, MVS JCL, CA7, and a basic understanding of automated scheduling software. Excellent written and oral communication skills ***** APPLICATION INSTRUCTIONS: Apply Online: ipc.us/t/A35D8E03838640F4 Qualified
(more...)
JBS
Advertisement
|
|
|
|
|
All rights reserved - AlJazeeraJobs ® is a registered trade mark and unauthorised usage is strictly prohibited.
|
, , , , ,