alJazeera Jobs - Cafe Server
Jobs in Qatar, Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, Oman, Bahrain, Dubai, Abu Dhabi by alJazeera Jobs
Select Language
English
Francais
Deutsch
عربي
Español
Português
Русский
Nederlands
Türkçe
اردو
Contact alJazeera Jobs Bahrain: (+973) 16199-113
Serving Arabian Gulf Job Seekers since 2007, alJazeera Jobs
is the established, trusted and leading provider of Jobs in
, , , ,
and .
Subscribe to our custom developed Candidate
Management Service to proactively place your details in Arabic
and English into the HR systems of the leading employers in
the Gulf. Jump to the head of the queue and get hired, sign-up
.
JOB SEARCH
I'm looking for...
In location
Select Country
Saudi Arabia
UAE
Kuwait
Qatar
Bahrain
Oman
other
ACCOUNT MANAGEMENT:
|
Cafe Server
02 May 2014 05:04 PM - UAE
. Cafe ServerStore Location: UT - Layton - LaytonEmployment Status: Employee, Part-timeDescriptionBarnes & Noble is looking for people with vision and energy to help us in our quest to change the future of reading. We are the world's largest bookseller and one of the world's fastest growing digital media and consumer technology companies with annual revenues near $7 billion.Barnes & Noble stores average 25,000 square feet, carrying up to 200,000 titles, and servicing tens of millions of customers weekly. The stores feature the best service, depth of selection and comfortable settings, including lounge chairs and reading tables. Open seven days a week, the stores have evolved to become a place for consumers to learn about digital reading and NOOK, as well as destinations for the widest selection of educational Toys & Games with the roll-out of the new Toys & Games departments. The company is also the leading seller of most popular magazine titles, and through its cafes sells more Starbucks coffee than anyone other than Starbucks themselves.We are investing in all of our business initiatives, so the opportunities to make an impact have never been greater.As a Cafe Server, you sell our products and deliver world-class customer service through your commitment to our four core service principles. You have a passion for what you do and enrich the customer's experience by sharing your knowledge to determine the customer's needs. You assist in the daily operations of the cafe, and make the store experience interactive and engaging.Essential Functions:* Provide world-class customer service by delivering the four core service principles of the cafe: provide timely and friendly cafe service, upsell, maintain product presentation standards, and maintain cafe cleanliness. * Prepare and serve drinks and food in accordance with health code and cafe standards. * Perform all support tasks in the cafe, including but not necessarily limited to baking, cleaning cases and equipment, and restocking displays, in accordance with cafe standards. * Maintain cafe cleanliness at all times, including but not necessarily limited to cleaning tables, maintaining the condiment bar, and removing trash in accordance with cafe standards. * Ensure execution and compliance with Integrated Store Operations (ISO) standards for the cafe. * Perform opening and closing procedures in accordance with cafe standards. * Protect company assets by ensuring the accurate execution of loss prevention procedures, including but not necessarily limited to the following; cashiering and inventory standards, monitoring waste logs and recording consumption, and adhering to discount and return policies. * Help orient new cafe servers, ensuring a smooth acclimation to the store and our bookselling culture. * Assist in any area of the store when necessary; including but not limited to receiving, cashwrap, Information Desk and specialty areas * Act with integrity and trust, promoting our bookselling culture and core values.Requirements/Qualifications:* You sell and share your knowledge with customers and other cafe servers, contributing to the overall success of your store. * You relate easily to others, building rapport and collaborative relationships with the store team and customers. * You acknowledge, greet, and listen effectively to customers to ensure courteous and quick service. * You take the initiative to expand your knowledge and understanding of the business. * You are comfortable in a changing environment, with multitasking, with learning new systems and processes, and with assisting in all areas of the store. * You comply at all times with the Standards, Policies, and Code of Business Conduct and Ethics set out in the Bookseller Handbook. * You work in the cafe and on the selling floor as needed, which requires physical activity, including maneuvering around the store including back rooms, prolonged standing, repetitive bending, climbing, and lifting. * Our stores are open daily, which requires early morning, evening, weekend, and holiday availability. * You should be capable of using a computer and cash register.Barnes & Noble is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer and is committed to providing employment opportunities
(more...)
JBS
Advertisement
|
|
|
|
|
All rights reserved - AlJazeeraJobs ® is a registered trade mark and unauthorised usage is strictly prohibited.
|
, , , , ,