alJazeera Jobs - Medical Claims Manager
Jobs in Qatar, Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, Oman, Bahrain, Dubai, Abu Dhabi by alJazeera Jobs
Select Language
English
Francais
Deutsch
عربي
Español
Português
Русский
Nederlands
Türkçe
اردو
Contact alJazeera Jobs Bahrain: (+973) 16199-113
Serving Arabian Gulf Job Seekers since 2007, alJazeera Jobs
is the established, trusted and leading provider of Jobs in
, , , ,
and .
Subscribe to our custom developed Candidate
Management Service to proactively place your details in Arabic
and English into the HR systems of the leading employers in
the Gulf. Jump to the head of the queue and get hired, sign-up
.
JOB SEARCH
I'm looking for...
In location
Select Country
Saudi Arabia
UAE
Kuwait
Qatar
Bahrain
Oman
other
ACCOUNT MANAGEMENT:
|
Medical Claims Manager
02 May 2014 05:04 PM - UAE
. Robert Half Healthcare has an exciting opportunity for a claims processor with 1 year of claims experience in a private insurance or 3rd party billing company, for one of DC Metros innovative leader of medical management services. The organization is rapidly expanding and the claims processor position is ideal for a candidate who wants to learn and grow with the organization. The claims processor will be responsible for receiving medical claims from multiple sites, ensuring that the claims is properly coded for maximum reimbursement, ensure all documentation is complete and a clean claim submittal to appropriate parties. Anesthesia billing and coding knowledge is a plus. The insurance claims processor will be responsible for the following: Prepares and submits clean claims to various insurance companies either electronically or by paper. Prepares, reviews and sends patient statement Reviews and research accounts for missing data Makes recommendations to the Billing Manager, also prepares information for the collection agency. Performs daily backups on office computer systems for billing software. Process payments from insurance companies and prepares a daily deposit. Participates in educational activities and attends monthly staff meetings. Examines claims submitted by healthcare providers for accuracy and completeness before submitting to the claims examiner. Performs data entry for patient demographics, provider, procedure diagnostic codes and financial information. Also may handle appeals submitted by a medical provider or patient. A thorough knowledge of the insurance industry is required, as is previous experience. Maintains Strictest confidentiality; adheres to all HIPAA guidelines/Regulations Secondary Functions: 1. Performs other job related duties as assigned. Required Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities: 1. Knowledge of insurance claims 2. Knowledge of computer programs, particularly medical billing software 3. Knowledge of business office procedures. 4. Knowledge of basic medical coding and third-party operating procedures and practices. 5. Ability to operate a computer and basic office equipment. 6. Ability to read, understand and follow oral and written instructions. 7. Ability to establish and maintain effective working relationships with patients, employees and the public. 8. Skilled in verbal communication 9. Working knowledge of Microsoft Office suite applications (Word, Excel, Outlook) and other database experience 10. Skilled in answering a telephone in a pleasant and helpful manner. 11. Ability to read, understand and follow oral and written instructions. 12. Must be well organized and detail oriented. Interested applicants please submit your resume to tysons.corner@officeteam.com for immediate consideration. No phone calls please.Accountemps, a Robert Half company, is the world''s leader in specialized temporary financial staffing. We provide exciting temporary, temporary-to-hire and project opportunities in the areas of accounting, bookkeeping, finance and more. Our proven proprietary processes, along with our relationships in more than 345 locations worldwide, allow us to quickly match skilled professionals with the best temporary accounting and finance jobs. Through our parent company, Robert Half, we''ve been successfully matching professionals with employers since 1948. In addition we offer competitive pay, challenging careers and assignments with excellent opportunities for full-time employment. But don''t take our word for it. Our company once again was listed on FORTUNEÂ® magazine''s list of "World''s Most Admired Companies" (March 18, 2013), and 9 out of 10 of our clients and candidates would recommend our service to a colleague. Contact your local Accountemps office at 1.800.803.8367 or visit www.accountemps.com to apply for this job now or find out more about other job opportunities. Accountemps is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All applicants applying for U.S. job openings must be authorized to work in the United States. All applicants applying for Canadian job openings must be authorized to work in Canada.Req ID: 04530-116273Functional Role: Accounting - MedicalCountry: USAState: MDCity: BETHESDAPostal Code: 20814Co (more...)
JBS
Advertisement
|
|
|
|
|
All rights reserved - AlJazeeraJobs ® is a registered trade mark and unauthorised usage is strictly prohibited.
|
, , , , ,