alJazeera Jobs - Principal Advisor Mining
Jobs in Qatar, Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, Oman, Bahrain, Dubai, Abu Dhabi by alJazeera Jobs
Select Language
English
Francais
Deutsch
عربي
Español
Português
Русский
Nederlands
Türkçe
اردو
Contact alJazeera Jobs Bahrain: (+973) 16199-113
Serving Arabian Gulf Job Seekers since 2007, alJazeera Jobs
is the established, trusted and leading provider of Jobs in
, , , ,
and .
Subscribe to our custom developed Candidate
Management Service to proactively place your details in Arabic
and English into the HR systems of the leading employers in
the Gulf. Jump to the head of the queue and get hired, sign-up
.
JOB SEARCH
I'm looking for...
In location
Select Country
Saudi Arabia
UAE
Kuwait
Qatar
Bahrain
Oman
other
ACCOUNT MANAGEMENT:
|
Principal Advisor Mining
02 May 2014 05:04 PM - UAE
. Title: Principal Advisor MiningLocation: Peru-LambayequeOther Locations:Rio Tinto is a leading international mining group headquartered in the UK. Rio Tinto''s business is finding, mining, and processing mineral resources. Major products are aluminium, copper, diamonds, energy (coal and uranium), gold, industrial minerals (borax, titanium dioxide, salt, talc) and iron ore. Activities span the world but are strongly represented in Australia and North America with significant businesses in South America, Asia, Europe and southern Africa.Experience in Rio Tinto transforms into excellent opportunities for growth and career development in an environment that promotes dynamism and innovation, having the opportunity to be part of an extraordinary team of professionals in one of the biggest cooper projects in Peru.The primary purpose of the role is to:* Coordinate the mine engineering studies related to the Small Starter Case (SSC) of the project with other technical areas to achieve the project milestones in a cost effective manner, according with RT objectives and policies. * Prepare Mine Designs and mine plans integrating mining cases that optimize the balance between value and risk. * Develop material delivery sequences, mine fleet requirements and estimates for capital and operating costs suitable for inclusion into pre-feasibility and feasibility studies. * Be closely involved with geotechnical hydrogeology and hydrology studies. * Develop safe and cost competitive mine infrastructure design and criteria suitable for open pit and possibly underground scenarios. * Ensure mining activities are integrated with geology, metallurgy, environmental and business analysis teams.Reporting to the Senior Manager - Mining, you will be responsible of two principal aspects:* Deliver optimized mine development plan, mine production plan, mine design and mine infrastructure design for the Small Starter Case (SSC) of the project to prefeasibility, feasibility and detail engineering standards. * Prepare optimized loading plan for the Waste Rock Facility considering environmental criteria identify and evaluate development pathways to minimize capital expenditure and improve the economic indicators of the project. Manage technical and social risk in development plans and define guidelines. * Ensure studies are completed in accordance with Rio Tinto Study Definition as well as the Project schedule and budget. * Develop strong and competitive operating cost estimates holding the trade-off analysis. * Develop optimal haul roads and perform truck haulage analysis in order to optimize the hauling cost. Estimation of the manpower and mine equipment requirement for the SSC * Assist with the development of site layouts and staged project growth strategies. * Support and advice in geotechnical, hydrology and hydrogeological assessments and plans. * Effective project management to ensure alignment of accountabilities inside and outside of the team, including negotiating the resourcing and development of the mine engineering team.To be considered for this position, you must have:* More than 10 years' experience in mine planning, mine design and optimization (process plant). Relevant experience with large-scale base metals operations or projects. * Bachelor degree in relevant engineering discipline is essential. * Knowledge of financial drivers/ financial evaluation techniques and project planning. * Knowledge of geological requirements in relation to the development of reserves and resources. * Competencies: * Strategic planning * Effective communication * O (more...)
JBS
Advertisement
|
|
|
|
|
All rights reserved - AlJazeeraJobs ® is a registered trade mark and unauthorised usage is strictly prohibited.
|
, , , , ,