alJazeera Jobs - IT Project Manager - Airline Commercial PSS
Jobs in Qatar, Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, Oman, Bahrain, Dubai, Abu Dhabi by alJazeera Jobs
Select Language
English
Francais
Deutsch
عربي
Español
Português
Русский
Nederlands
Türkçe
اردو
Contact alJazeera Jobs Bahrain: (+973) 16199-113
Serving Arabian Gulf Job Seekers since 2007, alJazeera Jobs
is the established, trusted and leading provider of Jobs in
, , , ,
and .
Subscribe to our custom developed Candidate
Management Service to proactively place your details in Arabic
and English into the HR systems of the leading employers in
the Gulf. Jump to the head of the queue and get hired, sign-up
.
JOB SEARCH
I'm looking for...
In location
Select Country
Saudi Arabia
UAE
Kuwait
Qatar
Bahrain
Oman
other
ACCOUNT MANAGEMENT:
|
IT Project Manager - Airline Commercial PSS
02 May 2014 04:04 PM - UAE
Â  Â
IT Project Manager - Airline Commercial PSS RP International (RPI)Dubai, UAERef: GP334-561The RoleThe RolePrimary Skillsets: Qualifications
Degree (BS, BSc, BE or Eq) in Engineering, Science, Computing or other numerate faculty from a recognized institute. Should have experience in professional courses covering all elements of the System Development Life Cycle (SDLC) Experience & Professional Skill: Minimum 10 years of specialist technical experience, ideally within a project based IT environment. During which it should include IT Project management (minimum 4 years), with a good experience to industry std: Project management and Development life Cycles. Change implementation planning and management. Systems Development Management, PM tools, Application support & Business analysis. People management Experience in IT project management in a CMMI environment will definitely be an added advantage. Excellent and assertive communications and influencing/negotiating skills ideal pre-requisite for all positions. Relevant Experience: Minimum of 10 years. - Manager who has worked on GUI projects (Airport/Call Centre/Reservations GUI)- - Industry/Companies may be from organizations with airline system experience such as Amadeus, Sabre, SITA and all other airlines - In return you will receive a highly competitive package and will be joining a fantastic team. - If interested kindly email your CV. RequirementsRequirementsManager who has worked on GUI projects (Airport/Call Centre/Reservations GUI)- - Industry/Companies may be from organizations with airline system experience such as Amadeus, Sabre, SITA and all other airlines - In return you will receive a highly competitive package and will be joining a fantastic team. - If interested kindly email your CV. About the CompanyAbout the CompanyRP International is the leading specialist recruitment consultancy in the established and emerging telecoms markets.
From our hubs covering the Americas, Europe the CIS, the Middle East, Africa and Asia Pacific we have partnered with operators, vendors, systems integrators and consultancies in more than a hundred countries, giving us an in-depth understanding Of cultural sensitivities, local business practices and hiring requirements.
Our clients and candidates benefit from the long-term perspective and breadth of knowledge that comes from working with an industry partner.
From our beginnings providing telecoms expertise into deregulating markets, we have developed our range of services to supply executive search, contingent, contract and launch and transformation resource solutions across the industry.
Our historic success in cross-border search assignments conne (more...)
GT
Advertisement
|
|
|
|
|
All rights reserved - AlJazeeraJobs ® is a registered trade mark and unauthorised usage is strictly prohibited.
|
, , , , ,