Travel Consultant - Aberdeen jobs, Aberdeen, £18000 - £27000 per annum | Guardian Jobs
Travel Consultant - Aberdeen
Employer:
Posted:
02 May 2014
Ref:
F164067TBMAY02
Contact:
Flight Centre UK Ltd
Location:
Aberdeen
Industry:
,
,
,
,
Level:
Experienced (non manager)
Contract:
Permanent
Hours:
Full Time
Salary:
£18000 - £27000 per annum
(this will open in a new window)
People who viewed this job also viewed
Up to £30,000
£39,400 - £41,000 per annum
Variable
£25000 - £30000 per annum + bonus + benefits
£18000 - £24000 per annum + Uncapped Commission - £34K OTE
Global travel company, Flight Centre, is opening their brand new travel hyperstore in Aberdeen, which means we're looking for passionate travellers and sales driven individuals to join our team of travel consultants.
If successful, you will gain three weeks of industry training before taking your place in our new store, which is based on the design of our Flight Centre store in New York's Madison Square, complete with streaming digital content and a new cutting edge design.
Flight Centre Limited employs more than 15,000 people and has over 2,500 businesses across 11 countries including Australia, New Zealand, USA, Canada, South Africa, Hong Kong, India, China, Singapore & UAE. Our worldwide growth gives our team extraordinary careers and we are always looking for new people to become part of our success story. Are you who we're looking for in Aberdeen?
Why Join Flight Centre?
Join a company that has featured in the Sunday Times '100 Best Companies To Work For' for ten years
Featured in the 'Best Workplaces' in the UK and Europe 2013
Uncapped commission structure and business ownership scheme
Discounted travel and fantastic incentives from the world's top travel providers
Industry renowned social events and excellent company culture
Exceptional career progression with worldwide opportunities
Fast-track leadership programme to develop our future leaders
Comprehensive induction, sales, product and leadership training
Free and confidential financial advice from our in-house financial advisors
Free health consultations, discounted fitness sessions and gym memberships
Discounted physiotherapy, massage, reflexology, tax-free bikes and more…
Opportunity to take a three month sabbatical after five years
What we're looking for
A travel consultant role is a target-driven position that requires strong sales skills and the ability to build lasting relationships with your customers. In addition, we're looking for people who are experienced travellers with a passion for exploring the globe. After all, our customers will come to you for inspiration. Meanwhile, we'll ensure you become a true travel specialist by offering you ongoing training in everything from complex airfares to the world's most stunning hotels, consequently a love of travel is essential.
(this will open in a new window)
Flight Centre Travel Group is one of the world’s biggest travel companies with over 2,500 businesses across 11 countries.
You should never need to provide bank account details or any other financial information, or make any
form of payment, when applying for a job. If you are ever asked to do this by a recruiter on our
site please email
© 2008 - 2014 Guardian News and Media Limited, all rights reserved. Powered by Madgex .
This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies.