alJazeera Jobs - IT Project Manager - Airline Operations MRO Engineering
Jobs in Qatar, Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, Oman, Bahrain, Dubai, Abu Dhabi by alJazeera Jobs
Select Language
English
Francais
Deutsch
عربي
Español
Português
Русский
Nederlands
Türkçe
اردو
Contact alJazeera Jobs Bahrain: (+973) 16199-113
Serving Arabian Gulf Job Seekers since 2007, alJazeera Jobs
is the established, trusted and leading provider of Jobs in
, , , ,
and .
Subscribe to our custom developed Candidate
Management Service to proactively place your details in Arabic
and English into the HR systems of the leading employers in
the Gulf. Jump to the head of the queue and get hired, sign-up
.
JOB SEARCH
I'm looking for...
In location
Select Country
Saudi Arabia
UAE
Kuwait
Qatar
Bahrain
Oman
other
ACCOUNT MANAGEMENT:
|
IT Project Manager - Airline Operations MRO Engineering
02 May 2014 04:04 PM - UAE
Â  Â
IT Project Manager - Airline Operations MRO Engineering RP International (RPI)Abu Dhabi, UAERef: GP334-562The RoleThe RoleA fantastic opportunity has arisen to join an exceptional client who is a market leading, global organization in United Arab Emirates Manage and successfully deliver an MRO system in compliance with best practices, standards and processes. Meet defined business requirements and enable the achievement of business benefits within agreed timescales, scope and cost. Lead the project throughout the project phases from initiation to closure. You must have a minimum of 8 years IT Project Management experience, ideally within a project based IT environment. Managed multiple medium to large projects successfully in more than one business domain. Knowledge of a variety of project management methodologies and practices, project management certification like PMP, Prince2 preferred. Requirement is for a resource to manage Ops Area RequirementsRequirementsResponsible for Service Delivery, Crew Rostering, Crew Training, Engg Safety, Catering System, RMS Leave Vendor Based In return you will receive a highly competitive package and will be joining a fantastic team. If interested kindly email your CV About the CompanyAbout the CompanyRP International is the leading specialist recruitment consultancy in the established and emerging telecoms markets.
From our hubs covering the Americas, Europe the CIS, the Middle East, Africa and Asia Pacific we have partnered with operators, vendors, systems integrators and consultancies in more than a hundred countries, giving us an in-depth understanding Of cultural sensitivities, local business practices and hiring requirements.
Our clients and candidates benefit from the long-term perspective and breadth of knowledge that comes from working with an industry partner.
From our beginnings providing telecoms expertise into deregulating markets, we have developed our range of services to supply executive search, contingent, contract and launch and transformation resource solutions across the industry.
Our historic success in cross-border search assignments conne (more...)
GT
Advertisement
|
|
|
|
|
All rights reserved - AlJazeeraJobs ® is a registered trade mark and unauthorised usage is strictly prohibited.
|
, , , , ,