alJazeera Jobs - General Manager / Executive Manager
Jobs in Qatar, Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, Oman, Bahrain, Dubai, Abu Dhabi by alJazeera Jobs
Select Language
English
Francais
Deutsch
عربي
Español
Português
Русский
Nederlands
Türkçe
اردو
Contact alJazeera Jobs Bahrain: (+973) 16199-113
Serving Arabian Gulf Job Seekers since 2007, alJazeera Jobs
is the established, trusted and leading provider of Jobs in
, , , ,
and .
Subscribe to our custom developed Candidate
Management Service to proactively place your details in Arabic
and English into the HR systems of the leading employers in
the Gulf. Jump to the head of the queue and get hired, sign-up
.
JOB SEARCH
I'm looking for...
In location
Select Country
Saudi Arabia
UAE
Kuwait
Qatar
Bahrain
Oman
other
ACCOUNT MANAGEMENT:
|
General Manager / Executive Manager
02 May 2014 04:04 PM - UAE
Â  Â
General Manager / Executive Manager QS QuestUAERef: LP978-570The RoleThe RoleMajor construction company in UAE requires a Senior Executive Manager / GM level candidate. Candidates MUST have an extensive background in senior positions with reputable construction and civil engineering contractors in the Gulf, preferably with some previous UAE experience. Candidates will hold ultimate responsibility for the companies projects in the region./ A BSc in Civil Engineering and a details construction and civil background is required. Please apply for more details. RequirementsRequirementsMajor construction company in UAE requires a Senior Executive Manager / GM level candidate. Candidates MUST have an extensive background in senior positions with reputable construction and civil engineering contractors in the Gulf, preferably with some previous UAE experience. Candidates will hold ultimate responsibility for the companies projects in the region./ A BSc in Civil Engineering and a details construction and civil background is required. Please apply for more details. About the CompanyAbout the CompanyQS Quest are a niche search and selection agency that specialize in the recruitment of white collar professionals within the construction industry for our extensive list of both UK and International clients. We do not diversify outside our area of expertise or rely solely on advertising to identify suitable candidates and opportunities. Having a strong understanding of what our clients requirements are as well as our candidates abilities, allows us to put together professional people with professional companies. This in turn allows our staff to be able to hold intelligent conversations with our clients and candidates and by asking the right questions to ultimately find the right opportunity or candidate for the solution needed. Our aim is to be able to build a technical profile on each and every one of our candidates. We believe it is essential to stay in touch with our
(more...)
GT
Advertisement
|
|
|
|
|
All rights reserved - AlJazeeraJobs ® is a registered trade mark and unauthorised usage is strictly prohibited.
|
, , , , ,