alJazeera Jobs - Airworthiness Technical Services Engineer A320
Jobs in Qatar, Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, Oman, Bahrain, Dubai, Abu Dhabi by alJazeera Jobs
Select Language
English
Francais
Deutsch
عربي
Español
Português
Русский
Nederlands
Türkçe
اردو
Contact alJazeera Jobs Bahrain: (+973) 16199-113
Serving Arabian Gulf Job Seekers since 2007, alJazeera Jobs
is the established, trusted and leading provider of Jobs in
, , , ,
and .
Subscribe to our custom developed Candidate
Management Service to proactively place your details in Arabic
and English into the HR systems of the leading employers in
the Gulf. Jump to the head of the queue and get hired, sign-up
.
JOB SEARCH
I'm looking for...
In location
Select Country
Saudi Arabia
UAE
Kuwait
Qatar
Bahrain
Oman
other
ACCOUNT MANAGEMENT:
|
Airworthiness Technical Services Engineer A320
02 May 2014 09:19 PM - UAE
Job Description: The CAW & Technical services engineer will work closely with and under the direction of the PH M&E; to ensure all regulatory requirements are satisfied in the maintenance and engineering activities of our clients fleet with reference to the respective regulations Duties will include: *Develop and manage maintenance programmes for our client's fleet iaw & appropriate NAA regulations. *Submit for approval by the NAA, maintenance programmes for our clients aircraft fleet *Review and amend the maintenance programme under the direction of PH M&E; to our clients operational requirements of optimum safety, serviceability and utilisation and submits those to the NAA for approval. *Establish Reliability Programme where required by the aircraft maintenance programme. *Manages the approval of modification and repairs on the fleet *Coordinates scheduled maintenance, the application of Airworthiness Directives, the replacement of service life limited parts and component maintenance. *Effective planning & production of work scope in a timely fashion to ensure all required resources are procured to meet deadlines. *Ensures maintenance is carried out to the required standard *Manages and archives all continuing airworthiness records and operators technical logs *Ensures that the mass and balance statement reflects the current status of the aircraft *Assists the Quality Manager to ensure that the Quality system required by Part M.A.712 is effective in its application and ensure actions required to address audit findings. *Ensures that all applicable Airworthiness Directives and Operational Directives affecting continuing airworthiness are reviewed, applied and supported where required *Communicates to the PH M&E; maintenance related occurrences ensuring compliance in reporting of such events to the NAA, Type Certificate holders, operators and, where required, the State of Registry. This includes ROSI and occurrences related to maintenance findings outside the MOR scheme. *Liaises with the HME & Quality Manager in matters relating to our clients Continuing Airworthiness Management Exposition *Reviews and implements as appropriate, additional national requirements issued by the State of Registries Competent Authorities *Ensures rectification of defects within the required interval by a Part 145 and that a Certificate of Release to Service is issued on completion of required maintenance. *Co-ordinate Airworthiness Reviews and issue of the Airworthiness Review Certificate *Ensures, where acting as an ARC signatory, satisfactory completion in accordance with NAA requirements *Liaise with the daily maintenance requirements and notify of any foreseen issues regarding resource deficiencies, overrun that may occur as a result of aircraft location *Daily update of the CAMP system and continuous survey of due lists. Issue and ensure timely compliance of work orders. Assist the HME with maintenance control and monitoring of logistical aspects pursuant to deferred defects. *Assist the HME in all technical services aspects including service Bulletin assessment and recommendation. *Develops engineering orders and technical instructions to accomplish regulatory / in-service requirements (modifications) repairs, service bulletins *Perform Engine Health Monitoring and analysis *Liaise with OEM in cases of complex defects to assist line maintenance engineers in timely rectification. Deputise for HME in his absence. Essential Completed recognized aircraft maintenance apprenticeship of 3 years duration or similar. Holder of UAE CAR 66 AMEL in B1 category. Type rated on A320 Family with CFM56 engines (Bombardier Global Express BD 700 desirable) 10 years minimum, maintenance / engineering experience of which 5 years in continuing airworthiness management function. In depth knowledge of CAR Pt M regulations. Knowledge and experience of annual Airworthiness Review Certificate issue / renewal procedures. UAE GCAA approved Airworthiness Review Engineer Experience of CAMP maintenance tracking software. Highly organized team player aware of the cross department cooperation necessary for a successful operation. Use of IT software to effect efficient organisation of role. *Part 66 Aircraft Maintenance license required *Type rated on the A320 *Minimum of 5 years experience *B2 EASA or GCAA license To apply for this role please email the above documents to Lewis (more...)
AJS
Advertisement
|
|
|
|
|
All rights reserved - AlJazeeraJobs ® is a registered trade mark and unauthorised usage is strictly prohibited.
|
, , , , ,