alJazeera Jobs - Talent Acquisition Manager
Jobs in Qatar, Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, Oman, Bahrain, Dubai, Abu Dhabi by alJazeera Jobs
Select Language
English
Francais
Deutsch
عربي
Español
Português
Русский
Nederlands
Türkçe
اردو
Contact alJazeera Jobs Bahrain: (+973) 16199-113
Serving Arabian Gulf Job Seekers since 2007, alJazeera Jobs
is the established, trusted and leading provider of Jobs in
, , , ,
and .
Subscribe to our custom developed Candidate
Management Service to proactively place your details in Arabic
and English into the HR systems of the leading employers in
the Gulf. Jump to the head of the queue and get hired, sign-up
.
JOB SEARCH
I'm looking for...
In location
Select Country
Saudi Arabia
UAE
Kuwait
Qatar
Bahrain
Oman
other
ACCOUNT MANAGEMENT:
|
Talent Acquisition Manager
02 May 2014 08:39 PM - UAE
. Position Title: Talent Acquisition Manager
Department: Human Resources
Company Overview:
About The Hotel: As Yas Island Abu Dhabi's premier hotel, Yas Viceroy Abu Dhabi sets the standard for exceptional service throughout its 499 impeccable rooms and suites, 12 innovative dining venues and lounges, and the sumptuous ESPA at Yas Viceroy Abu Dhabi. The interiors of this Abu Dhabi resort embody a contemporary fusion of elegance and momentum, created with sensuous curves and sleek lines.  Guests marvel at the incredible LED canopy that not only emits a concert of color and shade but also embraces the exhilarating Yas Marina Formula 1™ Circuit, defining the Abu Dhabi hotel as a landmark across Yas Island and one of the world’s most extraordinary destinations.  For further information visit www.viceroyhotelsandresorts.com/abudhabi About Viceroy Hotel Group: Viceroy Hotel Group is a hotel industry leader in creativity and innovation that draws upon the diverse backgrounds, personalities and styles of our colleagues to ensure a vibrant and unique perspective.  At Viceroy Hotel Group, you will discover a wide array of exciting and productive environments where career skills are challenged and sharpened. We attract the best candidates throughout our acclaimed portfolio of properties.  It is here that you can maximize your skills and experience as part of a fast-paced, dynamically expanding hotel organization.   Viceroy Hotel Group is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Viceroy Hotel Group delivers one-of-a-kind lifestyle experiences that bring together provocative design and intuitive service in some of the world's most sought-after destinations.  Its two distinctive collections of properties – Viceroy Hotels and Resorts & Urban Retreats – redefine the very concept of luxury hospitality. VHG currently operates fifteen hotels and resorts, including eleven Viceroy hotels (in Abu Dhabi, Anguilla, the Maldives, Miami, Santa Monica, Beverly Hills, Palm Springs, Riviera Maya and Zihuantanejo – Mexico, Snowmass – Colorado and St. Lucia), and four Urban Retreats (Avalon in Beverly Hills, Cassa New York, Zetta San Francisco, and Delfina Santa Monica).  In addition, the Viceroy New York will open in 2013, and the Viceroy Istanbul will open in early 2014.   For further information visit www.viceroyhotelgroup.com Job Description: The Talent Acquisition Manager will be responsible for the selection and recruitment of exceptional talent for Yas Viceroy Abu Dhabi.  You will be responsible for delivering a world-class recruitment process and will be the key point of contact for potential new hires, identifying manning requirements and anticipating future needs. Skills/Knowledge Required: The ideal candidate brings a minimum of 4 years’ experience in the area of recruitment and selection, ideally within the luxury hospitality industry in the United Arab Emirates.  You have/are: Exceptional personal presentation, highly sociable, self-confident with excellent communication skills High level of energy, values, vision and creativity Positive, results-oriented, with organizational strengths Highly astute at providing solid analysis of individuals talents and capabilities Strong influencing skills with evidence of developing and implementing recruitment initiatives Multi-cultural leadership and development strengths in Human Resources compensation and benefits High computer literacy, with a strong knowledge of all Microsoft Office applications and experience in working with social media sites such as LinkedIn, Catererglobal and career websites (ideally Taleo) Experienced in heading up employment initiatives to attract, select and retain talent Proactive and able to prioritize and make effective decisions Excellent ability to build strong and lasting relationships, interact and influence others at all levels within and outside of the organization Very standards driven, can implement, review, develop and benchmark standards to ensure the organization becomes and remains world-class   Physical Requirements: Exceptional personal presentation Qualification Standards: Education: Business or Hotel Management Diploma Experience: Minimum of four years experience in the area of recruitment and selection, ideally within the luxury hospitality industry in the United Arab Emirates. Grooming: All colleagues must maintain a neat, and well groomed appearance (specific standards will be provided)   Viceroy Hotel Group is a leading hotel company that combines desirable location, unique design, destination dining and personalized service that (more...)
GC
Advertisement
|
|
|
|
|
All rights reserved - AlJazeeraJobs ® is a registered trade mark and unauthorised usage is strictly prohibited.
|
, , , , ,