Coordinator, Directional Drilling, job in UAE | Job ID: 949656 | oil and gas Job Search
Coordinator, Directional Drilling, job in UAE
Rate
Type
Permanent
Location
UAE
Region
TX
Town
Houston
Required Residency
Posted By
Date Posted
2 May 2014
Expiry Date
1 Jun 2014
Job Reference
NB00258349_EXT_003
Job Description
Why Halliburton? How about global opportunities, interesting work within small cohesive teams, extensive training, and the opportunity to take your career wherever you want it to GO, with all the support and stability of a truly global organization. With more than 72,000 employees in approximately 80 countries, Halliburton is one of the largest and most respected energy services companies in the industry. Since 1919, our customers have relied on our industry-leading technologies, scientific expertise and, most importantly, our knowledgeable and experienced professionals to help them meet the world's demand for energy. Whether you are a new graduate seeking your first job, or an experienced professional looking to make a career change, we have fantastic opportunities across our organization. Are you ready to GO? Under broad direction, organizes and coordinates all activities associated with maintaining Halliburton equipment over a geographical area (i.e., multi-state area or country). Responsible for coordinating and implementing best practices/actions to enhance the performance of a Sub-PSL or group of Sub-PSLs in order to achieve the desired PSL strategy and business plan. Leads efforts regarding the prioritization of ops. tech. Develops, prioritizes and justifies various projects, processes and/or initiatives supporting service delivery and equipment reliability. Determines tactical direction with regard to policy/procedures, work force staffing, and budgeting. Develops and manages department budgets. May conduct various aspects of performance management such as performance appraisal or counseling of employees with behavior or technical performance problems and assists in the interviewing, hiring, and assignment of new personnel in the discipline and mentoring for career and skills development, and arranging training. Leads, Product Service Line (PSL) projects and/or initiatives (e.g., standards, best practices, lessons learned). Possesses broad understanding of business aspects and associated technology of the PSL. Exhibits general management skills and understanding of associated computer aided product development tools. Supports reliability analysis and promotes optimum use of development tools and standards during the design process. Incorporates project management techniques in all job processes. Understands and promotes Halliburton's quality directives. Skills are typically acquired through completion of an undergraduate degree in Engineering, Geological discipline or equivalent degree, and minimum of 5 years experience or through equivalent work experience or an equivalent combination of education and experience sufficient to successfully perform the essential functions of the job.
Must have at least 3-5 years experience as a Directional Driller.
Good knowledge of LWD and Directional Drilling equipment required.
Negotiating skills, business financial training, management training, PPR, diversity training, Human Resources related training. Frequent travel may be required and 24 hour call. Advanced computer skills which would include standard office platforms and SAP functions. Must possess good communication, time management skills, planning and organizational skills. Ability to make effective presentations required. Personnel management experience required. Detailed knowledge operation of equipment and operating systems is required.Halliburton is proud to be an equal opportunity employer.
Find Related oil and gas Jobs
Latest Halliburton Jobs
Related Job Searches
© 2014 Copyright Oil and Gas Job Search.com Limited :: Part of The Jobsearch Group
Follow us
--Web2--