alJazeera Jobs - Project Manager
Jobs in Qatar, Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, Oman, Bahrain, Dubai, Abu Dhabi by alJazeera Jobs
Select Language
English
Francais
Deutsch
عربي
Español
Português
Русский
Nederlands
Türkçe
اردو
Contact alJazeera Jobs Bahrain: (+973) 16199-113
Serving Arabian Gulf Job Seekers since 2007, alJazeera Jobs
is the established, trusted and leading provider of Jobs in
, , , ,
and .
Subscribe to our custom developed Candidate
Management Service to proactively place your details in Arabic
and English into the HR systems of the leading employers in
the Gulf. Jump to the head of the queue and get hired, sign-up
.
JOB SEARCH
I'm looking for...
In location
Select Country
Saudi Arabia
UAE
Kuwait
Qatar
Bahrain
Oman
other
ACCOUNT MANAGEMENT:
|
Project Manager
02 May 2014 05:09 PM - UAE
.Project ManagerStorage & Material HandlingDubai and Abu Dhabi - UAEPermanent
Updated April 24, 2014
Reporting into the group Project Director in Australia, you will lead projects across the Middle East region and to support the General Manager of Sales in securing new projects. as a Project Manager you will initially focus on a new Automated Storage & Material Handling project in Abu Dhabi, UAE. Once that project is completed, you may move onto regional projects across Saudi Arabia, Qatar and Iran.In additional to the above you will be responsible for the following:• Preparation of project schedules with the Sales team to ensure that the realization period is manageable.• Review the project plans, specifications and comment on the building, design, and scheduling, possible cost saving measures and any potential construction problems / risks. • Assist in the preparation of the project budget. • Assist in the review of the job site office requirements and equipment requirements. • Have confidence in own ability to intelligently communicate with design team/client as well as effectively lead the trades. • Expedite all shop drawings and approvals with the design / engineering team.• Monitor and maintain the project construction schedule on a weekly basis. Raise and discuss relevant issues at the job site meetings. • Inform the Consultant/Client of any errors, discrepancies or omissions contained within the design drawings. • Expedite all CCN (change credit notes) & CO Variation (change order) costs. Maintain current Variation logs. • Monitor site safety and ensure that the requirements of the relevant Occupational Health and Safety Act are enforced. Ensure that Site Audits of safety & equipment, HS&E are completed & issued.• Ensure that "as-built" drawings are prepared on an ongoing basis by all trades during the construction period and issue final closeouts to consultant/clients accordingly. • Ensure all required municipal inspections are performed. • Prepare and expedite project deficiency / snagging lists. • Ensure all Conditions of Contract are completed in a timely manner to close out projects.Audit Supply Centre Installations, to ensure that the installation is completed in line with the Installation drawings issued. Manage internally & with Supply Centre any non conformances & manage rectification plans. Who we're looking for The successful candidate must hold a University degree or a technical diploma with a minimum of 5 years of work experience of Storage & Automated Material handling Project management & preferably be well versed in Warehouse Construction Methods.you must also have a must have a strong understanding of construction methods & terms.Since this is a client facing role, you will be expected to have strong communication skills to be able to influence, consultant present to the client when need. You must also be proficient in Microsoft Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Project & Primavera (or similar).About our client Our client is a global shelving and racking solution provider with strong presence across the Middle East, Asia and Australia.What's on offer Our client is offering an attractive tax free salary with excellent family benefits.Contact (more...)
MP
Advertisement
|
|
|
|
|
All rights reserved - AlJazeeraJobs ® is a registered trade mark and unauthorised usage is strictly prohibited.
|
, , , , ,