Senior Drilling Engineer job in UAE | Job ID: 949643 | oil and gas Job Search
Senior Drilling Engineer job in UAE
Rate
Type
Permanent
Location
UAE
Region
Town
Abu Dhabi
Required Residency
YES
Posted By
Date Posted
2 May 2014
Expiry Date
31 Jul 2014
Job Reference
JM / 00314
Job Description
Mackinnon Bruce International is currently working in partnership with a Global Oil & Gas Operator in their Search for a Senior Drilling Engineer (HPHT) to join their Drilling & Completions team in the UAE. We are keen to hear from exceptional candidates if you are at a more junior level please feel encouraged to apply.
You will be responsible for all aspects of well design, planning and operation support. The successful candidate should be a self-starter able to effectively plan and execute their own projects. They will act as a coach and mentor to less experienced staff members.
Responsibilities:
Engineering preparation of well designs, plans, procedures, cost / time estimates and reports in compliance with our clients processes Well Delivery (WDX) process
Ensuring that Company policy, accepted industry standards, safety procedures and government regulations are strictly adhered to in all aspects of well planning and design
Ensuring engineering objectives and expectations are clearly defined and communicated
Identification of risks and the development of risk management plans
Provide engineering and operational advice to office and field personnel as necessary
Establishing and maintaining relationships with engineering and industry personnel to be aware of technical advances
Identifying and using appropriate technology to reduce cost and/or add value
Ensuring software tools are understood and used appropriately
Generating scopes of supply for the necessary third party services and identifying long lead equipment.
Maintains forecast of pending wells.
Tender scope of work generation, evaluation and provision of recommendations for contract award
Operational support during the execution phase of the project
Performance tracking (actual vs. planned) and recommendations for improvement
Owner of lessons learned database and process
Post well close out and reporting including capture of lessons learned and best practice
Requirements:
Demonstrated ability to coach and develop junior staff and contractors.
Good knowledge of well planning software (specifically Landmark). Ability to run complex Wellcat models on HPHT well production.
Strong communication and organizational skills.
Ability to deliver according to an agreed schedule.
Team player with good communication skills, drive and enthusiasm.
Able to work in multi-discipline team.
Experiences:
Minimum of fifteen (15) years’ experience in Drilling Engineering.
Experience in Tender Assisted/ Jack-Up drilling operations.
Experience in HPHT Engineering (at least 3 years) and Operations.
Experience with Extended Reach and Complex Well Drilling.
Casing Drilling / MPD experience a plus.
Education/ Training:
BS or BSc in Engineering or equivalent.
Fluent English language communication skills.
Qualifications
Bachelors Degree or equivalent
Find Related oil and gas Jobs
Latest Mackinnon Bruce Jobs
Related Job Searches
© 2014 Copyright Oil and Gas Job Search.com Limited :: Part of The Jobsearch Group
Follow us
--Web2--