Senior Process Engineer job in UAE | Job ID: 949636 | oil and gas Job Search
Senior Process Engineer job in UAE
Rate
Type
Permanent
Location
UAE
Region
Town
Abu Dhabi
Required Residency
Posted By
Date Posted
2 May 2014
Expiry Date
30 Jun 2014
Job Reference
JM / 00313
Job Description
Mackinnon Bruce International is currently working with a Global EPC Business in their search for a Senior Process Engineer to join their Engineering department in the UAE to work on large Oil & Gas Projects. This position has recently become live and has been created due to company expansion in 2014. This position will be based full-time/permanent in our clients Abu Dhabi office. This is an onshore position with a focus on onshore projects in the GCC region. You will be working in the technical department in a multi-discipline environment on various projects.
REQUIREMENTS & RESPONSIBILITIES
Highly motivated and self reliant.Confident and assertive.Problem solver.Open analytic thinker and innovator.Good communicator with willingness to share knowledge and support others.Flexible and adaptable.Strong commitment to safety.Must be willing to make occasional visits to Kurdistan.Sound supervisory and organisational skills.Clear communicator with good interpersonal skills.An active listener with the ability to focus on customer requirementsFluent in both spoken and written English language.Strong team working ethic, enthusiastic and positive.Able to coach and mentor discipline engineers.Represent Process Engineering at Project and Corporate management meetings.Thorough knowledge and understanding of the fundamentals of process engineering design and analysis.Thorough awareness of relevant international codes and standards.Experience of the application of HAZOP, HAZID and SIL Rating to Process Design. A determination to continually improve safety in all aspects of plant design and operation.Familiar with the typical software packages that are used for process engineering design and selection (Hysys, ProII, Pipesim etc.).Minimum of 10 years experience in the oil and gas industry.Minimum of 6 years proven capability in an engineering design company.Operational support / construction and commissioning experience.Experience of working with multi-national and multi-cultural project teams is strongly preferred.Previous experience of working in the Middle East would be an advantage.Experience of sour service operations would be an advantage.Degree in Chemical Engineering.Membership of a recognised professional institute preferred.
Minimum Bachelors Degree of equivalent in relevant field. Masters/Ph. D beneficial.
Mackinnon Bruce International are an Executive Search & Selection Consultancy specialising in the Global Oil, Gas & Energy sectors. We are interested in speaking with experienced & inexperienced candidates for upcoming roles in this region.
Mackinnon Bruce International Reference: JM / 00313
Qualifications
Bachelors Degree or equivalent
Find Related oil and gas Jobs
Latest Mackinnon Bruce Jobs
Related Job Searches
© 2014 Copyright Oil and Gas Job Search.com Limited :: Part of The Jobsearch Group
Follow us
--Web2--