alJazeera Jobs - Drilling Contractor - UAE Country Manager
Jobs in Qatar, Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, Oman, Bahrain, Dubai, Abu Dhabi by alJazeera Jobs
Select Language
English
Francais
Deutsch
عربي
Español
Português
Русский
Nederlands
Türkçe
اردو
Contact alJazeera Jobs Bahrain: (+973) 16199-113
Serving Arabian Gulf Job Seekers since 2007, alJazeera Jobs
is the established, trusted and leading provider of Jobs in
, , , ,
and .
Subscribe to our custom developed Candidate
Management Service to proactively place your details in Arabic
and English into the HR systems of the leading employers in
the Gulf. Jump to the head of the queue and get hired, sign-up
.
JOB SEARCH
I'm looking for...
In location
Select Country
Saudi Arabia
UAE
Kuwait
Qatar
Bahrain
Oman
other
ACCOUNT MANAGEMENT:
|
Drilling Contractor - UAE Country Manager
02 May 2014 02:19 PM - UAE
Omar v1.2 Drilling Contractor - Country Manager, UAE Mackenzie Stuart are working in close partnership with a leading International Land and Offshore Drilling Contractor. They have an international presence with offices and operations worldwide. With a strong reputation in the industry they have maintained and are constantly developing relationships with well known Oil & Gas Exploration & production companies. They are a preferred supplier to a number of Oil & Gas Operators and are one of the most visible brands in the market. Due to an internal relocation, the company are looking to recruit a Country Manager based in the UAE. This is a role for a highly experienced candidate with a strong background in the drilling industry. You will form part of the senior management team and will come with a highly attractive expatriate compensation package. To be considered for the role you must meet the following requirements: *Located or willing and able to relocate to the UAE. *A Bachelors degree in Engineering, or similar engineering, possibly combined with a management degree on a MBA level, is recognised as an advantage. *Minimum 10 years experience with a Drilling Contractor. A minimum of 5 years of operational or general management background is considered a significant advantage. *Must have experience in onshore and offshore environments. Your responsibilities will include: *You will hold overall responsibility for all aspects of Operations, Sales and Business Development across the UAE. *Responsible for all personnel, business development, p&L;, logistics, manning & de-manning of assets, and control of onshore facilities. *Overall responsibility for meeting HSE, financial and safety expectations across the region, manage costs and budgets and manage strategic goals for business success. *Leadership responsibility for all personnel involved in the region. In return the successful candidate will receive a basic salary of US$260,000 to US$320,000 (flexible on experience) + OTE + benefits.Â
EOB
Advertisement
|
|
|
|
|
All rights reserved - AlJazeeraJobs ® is a registered trade mark and unauthorised usage is strictly prohibited.
|
, , , , ,