alJazeera Jobs - Regional Sales Manager
Jobs in Qatar, Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, Oman, Bahrain, Dubai, Abu Dhabi by alJazeera Jobs
Select Language
English
Francais
Deutsch
عربي
Español
Português
Русский
Nederlands
Türkçe
اردو
Contact alJazeera Jobs Bahrain: (+973) 16199-113
Serving Arabian Gulf Job Seekers since 2007, alJazeera Jobs
is the established, trusted and leading provider of Jobs in
, , , ,
and .
Subscribe to our custom developed Candidate
Management Service to proactively place your details in Arabic
and English into the HR systems of the leading employers in
the Gulf. Jump to the head of the queue and get hired, sign-up
.
JOB SEARCH
I'm looking for...
In location
Select Country
Saudi Arabia
UAE
Kuwait
Qatar
Bahrain
Oman
other
ACCOUNT MANAGEMENT:
|
Regional Sales Manager
02 May 2014 02:19 PM - UAE
Omar v1.2 Regional Sales Manager - Heavy Lift Salary: $80,000 TO $110,000 USD plus benefits Location: Jebel Ali The Client: * Mackenzie Stuart is working with a leading Heavy Lift company operating within Oil & Gas. * They also provide high quality Engineering, procurement, Construction and Maintenance services on a global basis, specialising in project management. The Role: * Due to plans for expansion, the business requires an experienced Regional Sales Manager to help drive growth in the Middle East, and Africa, with focus on the UAE. * Targeting leading O&G; Operators, and EpCs, the role will be selling Heavy Lift solutions to the leading players in the industry, with focus on the MEA region. * This position will involve fostering new relationships, taking final decisions on which to keep and which to cut, and generating new business to be fostered for the long-term. * The role will be stand-alone with great autonomy, requiring a proactive person, who can also work as part of a team, and can convince others of their solution ideas. The Requirements: * The business is seeking someone with a background in Oil & Gas Heavy Lift operating at a senior sales or business development level to control the MEA function. * You should possess at least 10 years experience in Sales/BD within Heavy Lift solutions, consistently hitting and exceeding sales targets and achieving sales growth. * Ideally the candidate will be able to demonstrate strong leadership skills through prior experience. * The candidate resides in the UAE. * Exposure to production of the Oil & Gas structural equipments would be favourable too. * Ideally the candidate will have managed a sales budget of $20m USD. * A degree in Mechanical or process Engineering is advantageous. Due to the large number of applications if you have not heard anything within 14 days then unfortunately you have been unsuccessful. About Mackenzie Stuart Global Executive Search & Selection Mackenzie Stuart is a leading executive search and selection business. From our offices in Leeds we provide retained and contingency recruitment solutions across industry and have specialist recruitment consultants that work within the Oil & Gas, Mining, Construction, Medical, Finance, Insurance, FMCG and Manufacturing sectors.Â
EOB
Advertisement
|
|
|
|
|
All rights reserved - AlJazeeraJobs ® is a registered trade mark and unauthorised usage is strictly prohibited.
|
, , , , ,