alJazeera Jobs - Area Manager- Boots - UAE
Jobs in Qatar, Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, Oman, Bahrain, Dubai, Abu Dhabi by alJazeera Jobs
Select Language
English
Francais
Deutsch
عربي
Español
Português
Русский
Nederlands
Türkçe
اردو
Contact alJazeera Jobs Bahrain: (+973) 16199-113
Serving Arabian Gulf Job Seekers since 2007, alJazeera Jobs
is the established, trusted and leading provider of Jobs in
, , , ,
and .
Subscribe to our custom developed Candidate
Management Service to proactively place your details in Arabic
and English into the HR systems of the leading employers in
the Gulf. Jump to the head of the queue and get hired, sign-up
.
JOB SEARCH
I'm looking for...
In location
Select Country
Saudi Arabia
UAE
Kuwait
Qatar
Bahrain
Oman
other
ACCOUNT MANAGEMENT:
|
Area Manager- Boots - UAE
02 May 2014 02:39 AM - UAE
Area Manager- Boots - UAEApply now Job no: 771542Country: Dubai Dubai Head Office Boots Boots has been catering for healthcare and beauty needs for over 160 years. With a mission to help customers' look and feel better than they ever thought possible, Boots stores offer a fantastic range of products and services. Boots pharmacies have earned a reputation for providing customers with excellent, trustworthy, healthcare advice through the team of highly qualified, professional pharmacists. In addition to this, the store staff provide a friendly and helpful service to customers looking for expert skincare advice, the latest cosmetics, essentials for babies and children and even indulgent hair care treats The Role:As Area Manager you will lead multi-site store teams to meet their targets, be responsible for all store and employee development including performance management, coaching and identifying development, and be accountable for visual merchandising in assigned stores. You will also actively contribute to the development of business initiatives including new stores and store closures.You will have/be:• At least 3 years' large store or multi-site experience.• Computer literate.• E (more...)
ASY
Advertisement
|
|
|
|
|
All rights reserved - AlJazeeraJobs ® is a registered trade mark and unauthorised usage is strictly prohibited.
|
, , , , ,