Senior Reservoir Engineer (Management) job in UAE | Job ID: 949193 | oil and gas Job Search
Senior Reservoir Engineer (Management) job in UAE
Rate
Type
Permanent
Location
UAE
Region
Town
Abu Dhabi
Required Residency
Posted By
Sofomation
Date Posted
2 May 2014
Expiry Date
15 May 2014
Job Reference
Job Description
Greeting!!!!!!!!!!
We are - SOFOMATION - a human resource staffing agency providing highest standards of quality and professionalism. We pride ourselves on our efficient, professional and yet personal services both to our clients and applicants and our ability to supply the right staff complements the recruitment needs of our esteemed clients.
Position:- Senior Reservoir Engineer (Management)
Job Type:- Permanent Position with family status.
Location:- Abu Dhabi
Salary:- Open
Job Requirements:-
Qualifications
• Minimum of MSc in Petroleum Engineering, Earth Sciences or equivalent. PhD is preferable.
Work Experience
• More than 15 years’ experience in the petroleum industry, with the last 10 years reasonably balanced between reservoir management and simulation with emphasis on reservoir monitoring and management, including a leadership position in the last 3 years and a history of delivery at an excellent level of performance.• Industry-recognized authority in reservoir engineering with in-depth theoretical and practical experience.• Significant experience in application of reservoir monitoring and management tools, field development, and interfacing with both geological and dynamic models and modelers.• Working knowledge and understanding of the capabilities and limitations of various reservoir monitoring software and tools. Familiarity with vendors’ capabilities.
If Interested please provide the details (as it is mandatory to send our client) mentioned below.
Details Answers by ApplicantTotal years of work Experience:- Current Basic salary in USD / Month (Net):- Expected Basic salary USD / Month (Net):- Notice Period:- Nationality / Dual Nationality:- Current Location:- Date of Birth:- ( In DD/ MM/ YYYY) Best Contact Number: Have you read and understood JD carefully ( YES / NO) The resume which you have submitted is up to date ( YES / NO)
Thanks & RegardsVivek soniSr. Resource ExecutiveSofomation Energy
Qualifications
Masters Degree or equivalent, Masters Degree or equivalent
Find Related oil and gas Jobs
Latest Sofomation Jobs
Related Job Searches
© 2014 Copyright Oil and Gas Job Search.com Limited :: Part of The Jobsearch Group
Follow us
--Web2--