Oracle Apps Technical & Functional Consultant Job in Dubai - METSCON IT SYSTEMS LLC - Bayt.com
OK
Cancel
Loading...
Loading...
Jobs
Jobs
Salaries
People Companies Specialties
- All -
- All -Algeria (12)Bahrain (115)Dubai (1555)Egypt (495)Iraq (81)Jordan (390)Kuwait (740)Lebanon (249)Libya (16)Morocco (12)Oman (96)Pakistan (33)Qatar (1055)Saudi Arabia (2766)Sri Lanka (62)Tunisia (6)UAE (3582)Yemen (3)
Loading...
Menu - []
›
› Job Description
Oracle Apps Technical & Functional Consultant
- ,
Date Posted: 2014/05/02 09:40:24
Ref. JB3046588
Job Description
Oracle consultant adept at working to design solutions that align with business strategies, optimize processes and leverage the enabling Oracle technology to drive significant performance improvement at a broad spectrum of global clients. As a Technical / Functional Oracle Consultant you will be involved in and be responsible for the following types of tasks
Process definition and design,
Requirements definition, mapping, and gap analysis,
In this role you will be expected to be capable of successfully interacting with client representatives and Technical / functional team members in developing solutions that address the people, process, and technology needs of the organization.
Important to your success will be the ability to understand business challenges and translate them into process/technical solutions. This is an opportunity to join a growing organization that is looking for future leaders. The immediate need is for consultants with experience in Oracle R12.
With client facing responsibilities, consultants plan and provide day-to-day oversight of engagements, bringing multiple project management and analytical tools and methodologies to bear in driving execution. In addition, managers identify opportunities to add incremental value to client relationships, supporting practice leadership in penetrating client beyond initial projects.
Job Requirements
At least 2 to 3 full Oracle (Financial) lifecycle implementations
Hands-on development and testing
Experience with Oracle R12 is a plus
Exp in Relevant Oracle EBS modules for all Functional Consultants.
Experience with Oracle OAF / Forms & Reports would be an added advantage for all Techncial Consultants.
Knowledge of/experience with formal delivery methodologies
Extensive consulting and client facing background, with excellent written and verbal communication skills.
Mentoring staff, code reviews, and writing technical documentation
Skills
Desired Skills
Experience developing large-scale applications
4+ years hands-on Oracle development
Familiar with SQL, Oracle servers,
Strong computer science fundamentals including advanced data structures, algorithms, and multi-threading
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
Other Desired Skills
- Experience designing and testing systems with large data throughput and capacity needs
- Experience troubleshooting performance related issues on medium to large scale projects
- Advanced degree in Computer Science
- - Experience in both Linux and Windows environments deploying Oracle systems
This job is posted in the following Specialties:
Job Details
Job Location:
Dubai, United Arab Emirates
Company Industry:
Computer/Software
Company Type:
Employer (Private Sector)
Job Role:
Technology/IT
Joining Date:
Unspecified
Employment Status:
Full time
Employment Type:
Employee
Monthly Salary Range:
Unspecified
Manages Others:
Unspecified
Number of Vacancies:
10
Preferred Candidate
Career Level:
Mid Career
Years of Experience:
Min: 3 Max: 10
Residence Location:
Unspecified
Gender:
Unspecified
Nationality:
Unspecified
Degree:
Unspecified
Date Posted: 2014/05/02 09:40:24
Ref. JB3046588
Similar Jobs
Recommended Courses
Invite Your
Friends to Bayt.com
Find Jobs
About Bayt.com
Bayt.com is the leading job site in the Gulf and Middle East, connecting job seekers with employers looking to hire.
Every day, thousands of new job vacancies are listed on the award-winning platform from the region's top employers.
Company
Quick Links
Follow
© 2000-2014 Bayt.com, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
-
Reproduction of material from any Bayt.com pages without written permission is strictly prohibited.