AE, Telco Expert, UAE Job in Dubai - SAP - Bayt.com
OK
Cancel
Loading...
Loading...
Jobs
Jobs
Salaries
People Companies Specialties
- All -
- All -Algeria (12)Bahrain (115)Dubai (1555)Egypt (495)Iraq (81)Jordan (390)Kuwait (740)Lebanon (249)Libya (16)Morocco (12)Oman (96)Pakistan (33)Qatar (1055)Saudi Arabia (2766)Sri Lanka (0)Tunisia (6)UAE (3582)Yemen (3)
Loading...
Menu - []
›
› Job Description
AE, Telco Expert, UAE
- ,
Date Posted: 2014/05/02 06:00:17
Ref. JB3046573
Job Description
PURPOSE AND OBJECTIVESThe Account Executive (AE) assumes the leadership role within assigned accounts. In this capacity, the AE will identify and qualify opportunities within their accounts, and develop and drive account strategy and executive relationships within each. The AE will assume ownership for revenue generation within assigned accounts, as well as the quality and strength of the executive relationships within them.EXPECTATIONS AND TASKSRELATIONSHIP MANAGEMENT:* Provide overall account leadership to the SAP virtual account team for each assigned account.* Establish trusted advisor relationships with executives across functional/divisional areas in each account that will provide the foundation for future business opportunities and ongoing, accurate account information.* Enhance relationships through the proper deployment of appropriate SAP resources to meet and exceed customer expectations through successful execution of Sap’s Customer Engagement Lifecycle (CEL).* Assume leadership role in account transitions to ensure proper and consistent communication with customer and virtual customer support team.* Assume leadership role in customer team meetings, developing and driving account strategy through Sap’s virtual account team for each assigned account.* Proactively build and grow successful relationships with SAP strategic partners.OPPORTUNITY MANAGEMENT:* Identify, pursue and close sales opportunities through the successful execution of CEL.* Position SAP to win sales opportunities by developing, communicating and driving effective selling strategies that are based on valid, customer-specific value propositions.* Orchestrate resources within accounts by defining and deploying the appropriate virtual account teams to execute winning sales strategies and exceed customer expectations.* Provide thought leadership in discussing and communicating account strategy with other members of the virtual account team.* Maintain an accurate, timely and documented pipeline of opportunities (prospects and suspects) and provide appropriate communication of such to SAP management.* Continuously gather knowledge of competitors and how to effectively position SAP solutions against them.TERRITORY MANAGEMENT:* Manage the details of all of your assigned accounts.* Within each account in the territory, pursue and develop additional revenue opportunities for additional SAP products and services by leveraging the solution maps and e-maps.* Manage the utilization of SAP resources throughout the assigned account base.* Maintain an up-to-date recorded inventory of all accounts, including opportunities, contacts and history.* Strive to always grow each new sale into a strong reference for SAP.* Within each assigned account, seek to expand and strengthen Sap’s presence by establishing proactive relationships with influential people, both within the customer and other third parties.* Support (through direct and active participation) all SAP promotions and events in the territory, including (but not limited to) SAP UNIVERSE, SAPPHIRE, Industry Solution Days, executive events and industry initiatives.* Develop an extensive knowledge base of all assigned accounts, including their business profile, key players, application and technology footprint, buying process, compelling events, political environment and strategies.ADMINISTRATEIVE MANAGEMENT:* Provide accurate and timely updates to all customer, pipeline and forecast reports on an ongoing basis.* Comply with all SAP personnel, sales, and proposal and contract policies.* Comply in a timely manner with all travel and expense policies.* Maintain appropriate levels of involvement in customer issues requiring resolution, including invoices for license fees, maintenance, consulting servi
Skills
EDUCATION AND QUALIFICATIONS/SKILLS AND COMPETENCIES* Bachelor’s degree required.* Advanced degree preferred.* General familiarity with consultative selling training methodologies also preferred.* General familiarity with consultative selling training methodologies also preferred.* Essential fluency in English and Arabic is a must. (Spoken and written).
Education
ASSOCIATEDEGREE
Job Details
Job Location:
Dubai, United Arab Emirates
Company Industry:
Sales
Company Type:
Employer (Private Sector)
Job Role:
Other
Joining Date:
Unspecified
Employment Status:
Full time
Employment Type:
Employee
Monthly Salary Range:
Unspecified
Manages Others:
No
Number of Vacancies:
1
Preferred Candidate
Career Level:
Mid Career
Years of Experience:
Unspecified
Residence Location:
Unspecified
Gender:
Unspecified
Nationality:
Unspecified
Degree:
Unspecified
About This Company
SAP is the enterprise application software market leader, helping companies of all sizes and industries run better. From back office to boardroom, warehouse to storefront, desktop to mobile device, SAP helps people and organizations work together efficiently and use business insight effectively to stay ahead of the competition. SAP applications and services enable more than 232,000 customers to operate profitably, adapt continuously, and grow sustainably. For more information, visit www.sap.com.
SAP Middle East & North Africa (MENA) is recognized as one of the fastest growing global markets for SAP. This makes it the perfect time to join SAP!
Want to be part of a dynamic, diverse and fast growing region? Find your career opportunity in SAP MENA: www.sap.com/careers.
Date Posted: 2014/05/02 06:00:17
Ref. JB3046573
Recommended Courses
Invite Your
Friends to Bayt.com
Find Jobs
About Bayt.com
Bayt.com is the leading job site in the Gulf and Middle East, connecting job seekers with employers looking to hire.
Every day, thousands of new job vacancies are listed on the award-winning platform from the region's top employers.
Company
Quick Links
Follow
© 2000-2014 Bayt.com, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
-
Reproduction of material from any Bayt.com pages without written permission is strictly prohibited.