Maintenance Assistant | IKEA | Al Ain Job in Al Ain - Al Futtaim Group - Bayt.com
OK
Cancel
Loading...
Loading...
Jobs
Jobs
Salaries
People Companies Specialties
- All -
- All -Algeria (12)Bahrain (115)Dubai (1555)Egypt (495)Iraq (81)Jordan (390)Kuwait (740)Lebanon (249)Libya (16)Morocco (12)Oman (96)Pakistan (33)Qatar (1055)Saudi Arabia (2766)Sri Lanka (0)Tunisia (6)UAE (3582)Yemen (3)
Loading...
Menu - []
›
› Job Description
Maintenance Assistant | IKEA | Al Ain
- ,
Gold Career Provider
This employer achieved a Gold Career Provider status based on their record of hiring on Bayt.com.
Date Posted: 2014/05/02 06:00:02
Ref. JB3046570
Job Description
About the Business:
One of the companies bearing Al-Futtaim name is IKEA.
IKEA is the world's largest home furnishings store, founded in Sweden over 60 years ago. At IKEA not only our furniture is down to earth, straightforward and inspiring, but so is our work ethics. Despite being the leading home furnishing retail franchisee across the world, we at IKEA still give you the room to grow! At IKEA "creating a better everyday life for the many" isn't only our vision, it's our way of life!
About the Job:
* Assists in providing an integrated HS&M; operational 24 hours / day, 365 days / year within IKEA store.
* Assists ensuring provision of a Safety service complying HSE instructions.
* Insures execution of all planned and recommended measures.
* Assists resolving immediate Safety & Maintenance concerns.
* Support enhancing HSM operation according to the certified HSM plan, IKEA standards and policies.
Skills
Key Accountabilities:
* Perform assigned tasks allocated by Maintenance Senior Supervision for planned measures ensuring IKEA customer, co-worker, property and HSM facilities within store.
* Fill in daily check lists & support in supervision on sub- contractor works. daily activities & irregularities, such as equipment or property damage,
* Be actively involved in routine and procedures implementation for safety of customers & co-workers.
* Support cost controlling through working in a lean, simple, cost-conscious way using good examples and solutions, encouraging colleagues to discover more effective ways of working.
* Provide support in cleaning work
Job Details
Job Location:
Al Ain, United Arab Emirates
Company Industry:
Retail/Wholesale
Company Type:
Employer (Private Sector)
Job Role:
Other
Joining Date:
Unspecified
Employment Status:
Unspecified
Employment Type:
Unspecified
Monthly Salary Range:
Unspecified
Manages Others:
No
Number of Vacancies:
1
Preferred Candidate
Career Level:
Mid Career
Years of Experience:
Unspecified
Residence Location:
Unspecified
Gender:
Unspecified
Nationality:
Unspecified
Degree:
Unspecified
About This Company
Established in the 1930s as a trading business, Al-Futtaim is one of the most progressive regional business houses headquartered in Dubai, United Arab Emirates.Structured into six divisions; automotive, retail, electronics, engineering and technology, real estate, financial services and general services, Al-Futtaim operates through more than 60 companies and maintains a decentralised approach, giving individual businesses flexibility and versatility to maintain a competitive stance. Employing in excess of 20,000 people across the UAE, Bahrain, Kuwait, Qatar, Oman, Egypt, Syria, Pakistan, Singapore and Europe, this approach benefits employees, providing a clearly defined work culture where individuals are empowered with authority and responsibility for their work. The success of Al-Futtaim is attributed to proactively managing change whilst upholding the values of integrity, service and social responsibility. The majority of businesses, built on a portfolio of world leading brands, dominate their sector.
Date Posted: 2014/05/02 06:00:02
Ref. JB3046570
Recommended Courses
Invite Your
Friends to Bayt.com
Find Jobs
About Bayt.com
Bayt.com is the leading job site in the Gulf and Middle East, connecting job seekers with employers looking to hire.
Every day, thousands of new job vacancies are listed on the award-winning platform from the region's top employers.
Company
Quick Links
Follow
© 2000-2014 Bayt.com, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
-
Reproduction of material from any Bayt.com pages without written permission is strictly prohibited.