Replenishment and Forklift Operator (x6) | IKEA | Al Ain Job in Al Ain - Al Futtaim Group - Bayt.com
OK
Cancel
Loading...
Loading...
Jobs
Jobs
Salaries
People Companies Specialties
- All -
- All -Algeria (12)Bahrain (115)Dubai (1555)Egypt (495)Iraq (81)Jordan (390)Kuwait (740)Lebanon (249)Libya (16)Morocco (12)Oman (96)Pakistan (33)Qatar (1055)Saudi Arabia (2766)Sri Lanka (0)Tunisia (6)UAE (3582)Yemen (3)
Loading...
Menu - []
›
› Job Description
Replenishment and Forklift Operator (x6) | IKEA | Al Ain
- ,
Gold Career Provider
This employer achieved a Gold Career Provider status based on their record of hiring on Bayt.com.
Date Posted: 2014/05/02 06:00:01
Ref. JB3046569
Job Description
About the Business:
One of the companies bearing Al-Futtaim name is IKEA.
IKEA is the world's largest home furnishings store, founded in Sweden over 60 years ago. At IKEA not only our furniture is down to earth, straightforward and inspiring, but so is our work ethics. Despite being the leading home furnishing retail franchisee across the world, we at IKEA still give you the room to grow! At IKEA "creating a better everyday life for the many" isn't only our vision, it's our way of life!
About the Person:
The successful candidate will secure that the IKEA store has the highest possible service level to customers and optimise the stock levels at lowest possible cost, by making sure that all working methods described in IKEA Logistics manuals are implemented and that the IKEA store achieve a high efficiency in goods movement.
Skills
Key Accountabilities:Internal transfers
* To be responsible for stocks picks from buffer for internal replenishment as per the requirements from sales
Buffer binning
* To be responsible for binning to buffer stock which is requested to secure for weekend from external warehouse
Discrepancy
* Need to be very vigilant  during picking and binning the stock to reduce the discrepancy and stock loss
Safety
* Operate all equipment in a safe and efficient manner following prescribed work methods
Merchandise
* To assists in the stocking/merchandising of incoming truck shipment to the sales floor and remaining stocks back to buffer
Customers
* Making sure that all empty boxes are removed and the area is ready for customers before store opening
Profit
* Need to be reduce the internal handling damages to control the damage cost to achieve the store profit targets
Job Details
Job Location:
Al Ain, United Arab Emirates
Company Industry:
Retail/Wholesale
Company Type:
Employer (Private Sector)
Job Role:
Logistics
Joining Date:
Unspecified
Employment Status:
Unspecified
Employment Type:
Unspecified
Monthly Salary Range:
Unspecified
Manages Others:
No
Number of Vacancies:
1
Preferred Candidate
Career Level:
Mid Career
Years of Experience:
Unspecified
Residence Location:
Unspecified
Gender:
Unspecified
Nationality:
Unspecified
Degree:
Unspecified
About This Company
Established in the 1930s as a trading business, Al-Futtaim is one of the most progressive regional business houses headquartered in Dubai, United Arab Emirates.Structured into six divisions; automotive, retail, electronics, engineering and technology, real estate, financial services and general services, Al-Futtaim operates through more than 60 companies and maintains a decentralised approach, giving individual businesses flexibility and versatility to maintain a competitive stance. Employing in excess of 20,000 people across the UAE, Bahrain, Kuwait, Qatar, Oman, Egypt, Syria, Pakistan, Singapore and Europe, this approach benefits employees, providing a clearly defined work culture where individuals are empowered with authority and responsibility for their work. The success of Al-Futtaim is attributed to proactively managing change whilst upholding the values of integrity, service and social responsibility. The majority of businesses, built on a portfolio of world leading brands, dominate their sector.
Date Posted: 2014/05/02 06:00:01
Ref. JB3046569
Recommended Courses
Invite Your
Friends to Bayt.com
Find Jobs
About Bayt.com
Bayt.com is the leading job site in the Gulf and Middle East, connecting job seekers with employers looking to hire.
Every day, thousands of new job vacancies are listed on the award-winning platform from the region's top employers.
Company
Quick Links
Follow
© 2000-2014 Bayt.com, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
-
Reproduction of material from any Bayt.com pages without written permission is strictly prohibited.