Store Manager | IKEA | Al Ain Job in Al Ain - Al Futtaim Group - Bayt.com
OK
Cancel
Loading...
Loading...
Jobs
Jobs
Salaries
People Companies Specialties
- All -
- All -Algeria (12)Bahrain (115)Dubai (1555)Egypt (495)Iraq (81)Jordan (390)Kuwait (740)Lebanon (249)Libya (16)Morocco (12)Oman (96)Pakistan (33)Qatar (1055)Saudi Arabia (2766)Sri Lanka (0)Tunisia (6)UAE (3582)Yemen (3)
Loading...
Menu - []
›
› Job Description
Store Manager | IKEA | Al Ain
- ,
Gold Career Provider
This employer achieved a Gold Career Provider status based on their record of hiring on Bayt.com.
Date Posted: 2014/05/02 06:00:01
Ref. JB3046568
Job Description
Department:
One of the leading brands in the Al-Futtaim Retail collection is the world famous IKEA.
IKEA is the world's largest home furnishings store, founded in Sweden over 60 years ago. At IKEA not only our furniture is down to earth, straightforward and inspiring, but so is our work ethic. Despite being the leading home furnishing retail franchisee across the world, we at IKEA still give you the room to grow! At IKEA "creating a better everyday life for the many" isn't only our vision, it's our way of life!
About the Role:
Reporting into our Senior GM for IKEA we have an excellent opportunity for an experienced Store Manager to be based in our Al Ain operation.
As a key member of our Store Establishment team; your first priority will be to work with Al Futtaim management along with the Principal to ensure that the store is ready and open for business.  Once the store is open you will than assume responsibility for the day to day operations of the store and lead a team of approx 350 co-workers.   As full P&L; responsibility will be given; you will also have the challenging task of driving our business forward and ensure the Store is fulfilling its objectives financially.
Other key responsibilities include:
Strategic Implementation of IKEA Concept:  Working in partnership with our principal you will be a key custodian of the brand and will ensure the brand's integrity is maintained throughout the Store and is implemented to our Principal's standards and guidelines.
Staff Management:  You will ensure that the Store has a positive and supportive work environment and the staff are suitably recruited, trained and motivated to perform their jobs effectively.
Store Development:  You will support the process of developing the store by proactively keeping abreast of advances in the business locally, within the region and within the international market.
Relationship Building:  Cultivate a proactive partnership with the Al Futtaim Management team along with our Principal located in Sweden.  In addition you will also develop strong partnerships with local authorities such as Government, Health Authorities & Labour/Immigration Departments.
Skills
Skills and Experience:
This job is not suited for a person who has managed a small retail outlet.  We're looking for a leader who has a minimum of five years experience in managing a big-box retail store that possesses a minimum headcount of 200 FTE.
As we are looking for somebody who has a strong track record in driving sales and building customer loyalty please be prepared to provide us with demonstrated examples of how you have done this in the past.    Naturally your ability to influence and negotiate with key decision makers will compliment your strong leadership and relationship building skills.
Candidates who have previous IKEA Store Management experience are very much encouraged to apply.
Job Details
Job Location:
Al Ain, United Arab Emirates
Company Industry:
Retail/Wholesale
Company Type:
Employer (Private Sector)
Job Role:
Management
Joining Date:
Unspecified
Employment Status:
Full time
Employment Type:
Employee
Monthly Salary Range:
Unspecified
Manages Others:
No
Number of Vacancies:
1
Preferred Candidate
Career Level:
Management
Years of Experience:
Unspecified
Residence Location:
Unspecified
Gender:
Unspecified
Nationality:
Unspecified
Degree:
Unspecified
About This Company
Established in the 1930s as a trading business, Al-Futtaim is one of the most progressive regional business houses headquartered in Dubai, United Arab Emirates.Structured into six divisions; automotive, retail, electronics, engineering and technology, real estate, financial services and general services, Al-Futtaim operates through more than 60 companies and maintains a decentralised approach, giving individual businesses flexibility and versatility to maintain a competitive stance. Employing in excess of 20,000 people across the UAE, Bahrain, Kuwait, Qatar, Oman, Egypt, Syria, Pakistan, Singapore and Europe, this approach benefits employees, providing a clearly defined work culture where individuals are empowered with authority and responsibility for their work. The success of Al-Futtaim is attributed to proactively managing change whilst upholding the values of integrity, service and social responsibility. The majority of businesses, built on a portfolio of world leading brands, dominate their sector.
Date Posted: 2014/05/02 06:00:01
Ref. JB3046568
Recommended Courses
Invite Your
Friends to Bayt.com
Find Jobs
About Bayt.com
Bayt.com is the leading job site in the Gulf and Middle East, connecting job seekers with employers looking to hire.
Every day, thousands of new job vacancies are listed on the award-winning platform from the region's top employers.
Company
Quick Links
Follow
© 2000-2014 Bayt.com, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
-
Reproduction of material from any Bayt.com pages without written permission is strictly prohibited.