Receptionist | AF Automotive | Lexus Job in Dubai - Al Futtaim Group - Bayt.com
OK
Cancel
Loading...
Loading...
Jobs
Jobs
Salaries
People Companies Specialties
- All -
- All -Algeria (12)Bahrain (115)Dubai (1555)Egypt (495)Iraq (81)Jordan (390)Kuwait (740)Lebanon (249)Libya (16)Morocco (12)Oman (96)Pakistan (33)Qatar (1055)Saudi Arabia (2766)Sri Lanka (0)Tunisia (6)UAE (3582)Yemen (3)
Loading...
Menu - []
›
› Job Description
Receptionist | AF Automotive | Lexus
- ,
Gold Career Provider
This employer achieved a Gold Career Provider status based on their record of hiring on Bayt.com.
Date Posted: 2014/05/02 06:00:01
Ref. JB3046567
Job Description
About the Department:
Al-Futtaim Motors occupies the pre-eminent position of the largest distributor of automotive products in the Emirates, and leads the rapid development of automobile business in the UAE, while continuing to contribute to Toyota's worldwide growth.
Today, Al-Futtaim Motors is synonymous with Toyota and Lexus, which enjoy undisputed leadership in the UAE in terms of the largest number of vehicles on the road. Besides Toyota, we also hold exclusive franchises for some of the world's top automobiles and automotive products like Hino - Japan's leading heavy-duty vehicle manufacturer, Toyo & Chen shin/ Maxxis tyres, GS & Panasonic batteries and many more.
About the Job:Job Purpose:
To receive the customers in the workshop and also handle the telephone board to facilitate proper customer reception and better communication-flow.
JOB ACCOUNTABILITIES / CONTENT:
* Customer Reception - Clients receive in the Workshop should be direct to concerned person or Department like Service Manager, Service Advisor, Appointment Staff, Cashier and the like. The customers belong to different nationalities and should be given a good impression, the job holder has to exhibit very pleasing temperament and welcome them with humility and courteousness.
*
Incoming Telephone Calls - Attend to all the incoming calls and direct the same to the concerned staff members without delay as far as possible. If the concerned telephone extension is busy, the caller is advised either to wait  the line or to call back. In some cases, telephone numbers are noted and the call is returned as soon as the line is free. In case the called person is not available on his seat or he is out on official duties, the message is taken and passed on to him as soon as he returns from outside or a company mobile can be provided as well.
*
Customer Inquiries - Attend to customer inquiries on phone or personal regarding Workshop timings, telephone numbers, locations, etc. Normal inquiries are handled by the job holder herself. In case technical information or any other serious nature, the inquiries are directed to the concerned person for their handling.
Skills
About You:
Duties and responsibilities include the following:
* Should have good telephone handling skills - answer all incoming calls and handle callers & re-divert calls  as appropriate and take adequate message when required  when other staff is not able to answer call
* Greet and meet with customers when they visit the workshop
* Regularly following up with workshop controllers and technicians on vehicle status, updating customers regularly on progress and ensuring delivery of vehicles within proposed timeframe
* Help service advisors for opening service order and making sales order during the peak hours.
* Should explain objective of periodic maintenance service to customer ( after  in house training )
* Minimum Qualifications/Training -  SSC or equivalent
* Knowledge of PBX Board handling
*  2-3 years relevant experience in a reputed organization
Job Details
Job Location:
Dubai, United Arab Emirates
Company Industry:
Administration
Company Type:
Employer (Private Sector)
Job Role:
Secretarial
Joining Date:
Unspecified
Employment Status:
Part time
Employment Type:
Employee
Monthly Salary Range:
Unspecified
Manages Others:
No
Number of Vacancies:
1
Preferred Candidate
Career Level:
Entry Level
Years of Experience:
Unspecified
Residence Location:
Unspecified
Gender:
Female
Nationality:
Unspecified
Degree:
Unspecified
About This Company
Established in the 1930s as a trading business, Al-Futtaim is one of the most progressive regional business houses headquartered in Dubai, United Arab Emirates.Structured into six divisions; automotive, retail, electronics, engineering and technology, real estate, financial services and general services, Al-Futtaim operates through more than 60 companies and maintains a decentralised approach, giving individual businesses flexibility and versatility to maintain a competitive stance. Employing in excess of 20,000 people across the UAE, Bahrain, Kuwait, Qatar, Oman, Egypt, Syria, Pakistan, Singapore and Europe, this approach benefits employees, providing a clearly defined work culture where individuals are empowered with authority and responsibility for their work. The success of Al-Futtaim is attributed to proactively managing change whilst upholding the values of integrity, service and social responsibility. The majority of businesses, built on a portfolio of world leading brands, dominate their sector.
Date Posted: 2014/05/02 06:00:01
Ref. JB3046567
Recommended Courses
Invite Your
Friends to Bayt.com
Find Jobs
About Bayt.com
Bayt.com is the leading job site in the Gulf and Middle East, connecting job seekers with employers looking to hire.
Every day, thousands of new job vacancies are listed on the award-winning platform from the region's top employers.
Company
Quick Links
Follow
© 2000-2014 Bayt.com, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
-
Reproduction of material from any Bayt.com pages without written permission is strictly prohibited.