Sales Consultant | First Motor Company | Saudi Arabia Job in Fujairah - Al Futtaim Group - Bayt.com
OK
Cancel
Loading...
Loading...
Jobs
Jobs
Salaries
People Companies Specialties
- All -
- All -Algeria (12)Bahrain (115)Dubai (1555)Egypt (495)Iraq (81)Jordan (390)Kuwait (740)Lebanon (249)Libya (16)Morocco (12)Oman (96)Pakistan (33)Qatar (1055)Saudi Arabia (2766)Sri Lanka (0)Tunisia (6)UAE (3582)Yemen (3)
Loading...
Menu - []
›
› Job Description
Sales Consultant | First Motor Company | Saudi Arabia
- ,
Gold Career Provider
This employer achieved a Gold Career Provider status based on their record of hiring on Bayt.com.
Date Posted: 2014/05/02 06:00:01
Ref. JB3046566
Job Description
About the Business:
FMC:
First Motor Company, an Al Futtaim Group Company, represents Chery and Volvo cars in the kingdom of Saudi Arabia.  Operating facilities in Riyadh, Dammam and Jeddah.  First Motor Company incorporates Al Futtaim best practices and processes, ensuring a superior sales and service experience for our customers in one of the fastest growing automobile markets in the GCC.
Al-Futtaim Automotive occupies the pre-eminent position of the largest distributor of automotive products in the Emirates, and leads the rapid development of automobile business in the UAE, while continuing to contribute to their brands worldwide growth.
About the Job:
The ideal candidate will be able to maximize every sales opportunity and build long term business relationships with our customers.
The key responsibilities of this role will include:
* Responsible to build in-depth relationships with targeted customers and ensure every customer has positive ownership experience.
* Achieve or exceed allocated sales targets for new units and exploring other sales opportunities such as service contracts and accessories.
* Deliver the highest levels of customer service, thereby creating customer loyalty and repeat sales.
* Adhere to company procedures, particularly around cash and credit handling, to ensure safety of cash and minimum bad debts.
* Constantly improve and update knowledge of product range, features and benefits
* Maintain awareness of automotive industry, paying particular attention to new features, technical developments, market trends, competitor analysis, selling techniques and customer handling skills
Skills
About You:Minimum Qualifications and Knowledge:  Degree education preferred, but not essential
Minimum Experience: Essential to have at least 1 -2 years' experience in a similar sales position in retail sales
Job-Specific Competencies: Arabic and English are essential.  Other language skills are advantageous. Must possess Technical knowledge of automobiles, negotiation and influencing skills.  Knowledge of computers is essential.
Behavioural Competencies : Leadership, negotiation and influencing skills, ability to build strong customer relationships, conflict resolution, ability to think clearly under pressure, ability to take decisions and follow through. Strong team player.
Job Details
Job Location:
Fujairah, United Arab Emirates
Company Industry:
Automotive
Company Type:
Employer (Private Sector)
Job Role:
Sales
Joining Date:
Unspecified
Employment Status:
Full time
Employment Type:
Employee
Monthly Salary Range:
Unspecified
Manages Others:
No
Number of Vacancies:
1
Preferred Candidate
Career Level:
Mid Career
Years of Experience:
Unspecified
Residence Location:
Unspecified
Gender:
Male
Nationality:
Unspecified
Degree:
Unspecified
About This Company
Established in the 1930s as a trading business, Al-Futtaim is one of the most progressive regional business houses headquartered in Dubai, United Arab Emirates.Structured into six divisions; automotive, retail, electronics, engineering and technology, real estate, financial services and general services, Al-Futtaim operates through more than 60 companies and maintains a decentralised approach, giving individual businesses flexibility and versatility to maintain a competitive stance. Employing in excess of 20,000 people across the UAE, Bahrain, Kuwait, Qatar, Oman, Egypt, Syria, Pakistan, Singapore and Europe, this approach benefits employees, providing a clearly defined work culture where individuals are empowered with authority and responsibility for their work. The success of Al-Futtaim is attributed to proactively managing change whilst upholding the values of integrity, service and social responsibility. The majority of businesses, built on a portfolio of world leading brands, dominate their sector.
Date Posted: 2014/05/02 06:00:01
Ref. JB3046566
Recommended Courses
Invite Your
Friends to Bayt.com
Find Jobs
About Bayt.com
Bayt.com is the leading job site in the Gulf and Middle East, connecting job seekers with employers looking to hire.
Every day, thousands of new job vacancies are listed on the award-winning platform from the region's top employers.
Company
Quick Links
Follow
© 2000-2014 Bayt.com, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
-
Reproduction of material from any Bayt.com pages without written permission is strictly prohibited.