Service Advisor | AFM Lexus | Abu Dhabi Job in Abu Dhabi - Al Futtaim Group - Bayt.com
OK
Cancel
Loading...
Loading...
Jobs
Jobs
Salaries
People Companies Specialties
- All -
- All -Algeria (12)Bahrain (115)Dubai (1555)Egypt (495)Iraq (81)Jordan (390)Kuwait (740)Lebanon (249)Libya (16)Morocco (12)Oman (96)Pakistan (33)Qatar (1055)Saudi Arabia (2766)Sri Lanka (0)Tunisia (6)UAE (3582)Yemen (3)
Loading...
Menu - []
›
› Job Description
Service Advisor | AFM Lexus | Abu Dhabi
- ,
Gold Career Provider
This employer achieved a Gold Career Provider status based on their record of hiring on Bayt.com.
Date Posted: 2014/05/02 06:00:01
Ref. JB3046565
Job Description
About the Business:
Al-Futtaim is regarded as a pioneer in the Gulf region's Automotive industry and encompasses every aspect of the Automotive business; from passenger and commercial vehicles and construction equipment sales and service, to used car sales and rental and leasing.
A comprehensive network of showrooms and service centres covers the UAE and Gulf region providing customers with convenience, choice and the highest standards of after sales service. Al-Futtaim represents some of the world's most popular and desirable automotive brands including; Toyota, Lexus, Hino, Honda, Volvo, Chrysler, Jeep and Dodge.
About the Job:
This is an exciting opportunity for two experienced Service Advisor's to work for Lexus in Abu Dhabi.
Service Advisor are the first contact in the Workshop for a customer and provides a window to the workshop.  Job holder should be an image builder for the Service Department and present a picture of faith and confidence.
In this role you will have following responsibilities:
* Receive Customer Vehicles for Service and Repair Jobs and raise repair orders on Dealer Management Systems (DMS).
* Technically competent to understand the customer needs and requirements and accordingly raise Service Orders.
* Able to provide detailed explanation on jobs to be carried out on vehicle.
* Provide detailed explanation and technical justification for additional repairs with cost Estimate and obtain approval from customers.
* Ability to advise customers on the required vital jobs..
* Should have flair for Selling Value added Services, Service Contracts and accessories.
* Able to make every effort to resolve Customer Complaints and ensure customer has positive ownership experience.
* Regularly follow up with Workshop controller and technicians on his vehicles and update Customers regularly on the job progress and ensure delivery of the vehicle at the promised time.
* Raise Warranty approvals
* Raise special orders for parts not available and follow up and keep customer informed.
* Prepare Invoices on DMS and arrange for Active delivery of vehicles.
* Follow up payments of credit customers and ensure collection within stipulated time.
* Regularly monitor orders raised by him and ensure timely billing.
* Conduct post service follow up to ensure customer satisfaction.
Skills
About You:
You will have the following skills and experience:
* Technically competent, with ability to understand customer needs and requirements
* Ability to provide established standards of Customer Service through diagnostic ability, assessment of repairs/maintenance and most importantly quality customer care
* Strong analytical, communication and inter-personal skills with administrative competence vital for this role
* Computer literate with a solid understanding of Microsoft applications
* Ability to advise customers on the required jobs in a timely, professional manner
* Flair for selling value added services, service contracts and accessories.
* Proactive approach when dealing with customer complaints, with ability to resolve discrepancies and issues appropriately.
Job Details
Job Location:
Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates
Company Industry:
Automotive
Company Type:
Employer (Private Sector)
Job Role:
Engineering
Joining Date:
Unspecified
Employment Status:
Full time
Employment Type:
Employee
Monthly Salary Range:
Unspecified
Manages Others:
No
Number of Vacancies:
1
Preferred Candidate
Career Level:
Mid Career
Years of Experience:
Unspecified
Residence Location:
Unspecified
Gender:
Male
Nationality:
Unspecified
Degree:
Unspecified
About This Company
Established in the 1930s as a trading business, Al-Futtaim is one of the most progressive regional business houses headquartered in Dubai, United Arab Emirates.Structured into six divisions; automotive, retail, electronics, engineering and technology, real estate, financial services and general services, Al-Futtaim operates through more than 60 companies and maintains a decentralised approach, giving individual businesses flexibility and versatility to maintain a competitive stance. Employing in excess of 20,000 people across the UAE, Bahrain, Kuwait, Qatar, Oman, Egypt, Syria, Pakistan, Singapore and Europe, this approach benefits employees, providing a clearly defined work culture where individuals are empowered with authority and responsibility for their work. The success of Al-Futtaim is attributed to proactively managing change whilst upholding the values of integrity, service and social responsibility. The majority of businesses, built on a portfolio of world leading brands, dominate their sector.
Date Posted: 2014/05/02 06:00:01
Ref. JB3046565
Recommended Courses
Invite Your
Friends to Bayt.com
Find Jobs
About Bayt.com
Bayt.com is the leading job site in the Gulf and Middle East, connecting job seekers with employers looking to hire.
Every day, thousands of new job vacancies are listed on the award-winning platform from the region's top employers.
Company
Quick Links
Follow
© 2000-2014 Bayt.com, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
-
Reproduction of material from any Bayt.com pages without written permission is strictly prohibited.