Project Engineer - ICT & ELV
| AF Technologies Job in United Arab Emirates - Al Futtaim Group - Bayt.com
OK
Cancel
Loading...
Loading...
Jobs
Jobs
Salaries
People Companies Specialties
- All -
- All -Algeria (12)Bahrain (115)Dubai (1555)Egypt (495)Iraq (81)Jordan (390)Kuwait (740)Lebanon (249)Libya (16)Morocco (12)Oman (96)Pakistan (33)Qatar (1055)Saudi Arabia (2766)Sri Lanka (0)Tunisia (6)UAE (3582)Yemen (3)
Loading...
Menu - []
›
› Job Description
Project Engineer - ICT & ELV
| AF Technologies
-
Gold Career Provider
This employer achieved a Gold Career Provider status based on their record of hiring on Bayt.com.
Date Posted: 2014/05/02 06:00:01
Ref. JB3046563
Job Description
About the Business:
Al-Futtaim Technologies, one of the region's leading system integrators, is part of the Al-Futtaim Group. As both system integrator and business solution provider, Al-Futtaim Technologies, boasts of a highly skilled and professional workforce and world-class products and services.
Products range from Alcatel-Lucent Voice and Data Solutions to Toshiba Office Automation, Microsoft Business Solutions to MobiApps and Verso amongst others. Our services include consulting, design and deployment of infrastructure, voice and data solutions as well as business applications.
Our project team conceptualise, plan, organise, develop, manage, monitor, control, document & deliver all Al Futtaim Technologies projects.
The project team ensures that all approved project are inline with client's parameters such as quality standards, cost budgets, delivery schedules, meet committed user requirements whilst maintaining industry standards for quality and safety.
About the Job:
The  Project Engineer ICT & ELV would be responsible for:
* Project planning, tracking, monitoring, documenting
* Material or resource managing & approving
* Identifying & accessing all the risks including cost & timing after award of the project
* Conducting value engineering studies and exercises to ensure cost savings
* Verifying & confirming BOQ, Prelims & other expenses in advance to avoid unwarranted / unaccounted costs
* Preparing RFQ for issuing subcontracts and recommending the ‘best fit' sub-contractor for the lowest cost
* Reducing internal manpower costs by managing resources appropriately.
* Submitting weekly reports on all projects to the management by showing escalations where required along with project based cost savings
* Delivering schedule to be provided to the commercial team at the beginning of each project
Skills
About You:
To be successful in winning this role, you will have the following pre-requisites:
* A degree in Electronics/ Telecom or a related discipline
* 5 Plus years of experience in ELV systems , SCC ( Copper & Fibber ) , Voice, Data , Wifi, CCTV, Access Control System and Intrusion Detection Solution
* Experience in project Testing & Commissioning
* A certification in  PMP; certifications from principles in ELV & ICT systems is an advantage
Job Details
Job Location:
United Arab Emirates
Company Industry:
Engineering
Company Type:
Employer (Private Sector)
Job Role:
Technology/IT
Joining Date:
Unspecified
Employment Status:
Full time
Employment Type:
Employee
Monthly Salary Range:
Unspecified
Manages Others:
No
Number of Vacancies:
1
Preferred Candidate
Career Level:
Management
Years of Experience:
Unspecified
Residence Location:
Unspecified
Gender:
Unspecified
Nationality:
Unspecified
Degree:
Unspecified
About This Company
Established in the 1930s as a trading business, Al-Futtaim is one of the most progressive regional business houses headquartered in Dubai, United Arab Emirates.Structured into six divisions; automotive, retail, electronics, engineering and technology, real estate, financial services and general services, Al-Futtaim operates through more than 60 companies and maintains a decentralised approach, giving individual businesses flexibility and versatility to maintain a competitive stance. Employing in excess of 20,000 people across the UAE, Bahrain, Kuwait, Qatar, Oman, Egypt, Syria, Pakistan, Singapore and Europe, this approach benefits employees, providing a clearly defined work culture where individuals are empowered with authority and responsibility for their work. The success of Al-Futtaim is attributed to proactively managing change whilst upholding the values of integrity, service and social responsibility. The majority of businesses, built on a portfolio of world leading brands, dominate their sector.
Date Posted: 2014/05/02 06:00:01
Ref. JB3046563
Similar Jobs
Recommended Courses
Invite Your
Friends to Bayt.com
Find Jobs
About Bayt.com
Bayt.com is the leading job site in the Gulf and Middle East, connecting job seekers with employers looking to hire.
Every day, thousands of new job vacancies are listed on the award-winning platform from the region's top employers.
Company
Quick Links
Follow
© 2000-2014 Bayt.com, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
-
Reproduction of material from any Bayt.com pages without written permission is strictly prohibited.