GulfTalent.com
IT Project Manager - Airline Operations MRO Engineering
RP International (RPI)
Abu Dhabi, UAE
Posted on: 2 May 2014
THE ROLE
Expand all
A fantastic opportunity has arisen to join an exceptional client who is a market leading, global organization in United Arab Emirates
Manage and successfully deliver an MRO system in compliance with best practices, standards and processes. Meet defined business requirements and enable the achievement of business benefits within agreed timescales, scope and cost. Lead the project throughout the project phases from initiation to closure.
Responsible for Service Delivery, Crew Rostering, Crew Training, Engg Safety, Catering System, RMS Leave Vendor Based
REQUIREMENTS
Qualifications:
You must have a minimum of 8 years IT Project Management experience, ideally within a project based IT environment. Managed multiple medium to large projects successfully in more than one business domain. Knowledge of a variety of project management methodologies and practices, project management certification like PMP, Prince2 preferred.
Requirement is for a resource to manage Ops Area
In return you will receive a highly competitive package and will be joining a fantastic team.
If interested kindly apply online.
ABOUT THE COMPANY
RP International is the leading specialist recruitment consultancy in the established and emerging telecoms markets.
From our hubs covering the Americas, Europe the CIS, the Middle East, Africa and Asia Pacific we have partnered with operators, vendors, systems integrators and consultancies in more than a hundred countries, giving us an in-depth understanding Of cultural sensitivities, local business practices and hiring requirements.
Our clients and candidates benefit from the long-term perspective and breadth of knowledge that comes from working with an industry partner.
From our beginnings providing telecoms expertise into deregulating markets, we have developed our range of services to supply executive search, contingent, contract and launch and transformation resource solutions across the industry.
Our historic success in cross-border search assignments connects our clients to a global network of industry talent.
We identify the best available candidates on a local, regional and international basis.
Send
Candidates who applied for this job also applied for:
|
|