Stellenangebot: Estimation Manager, UAE (M/W) Vereinigte Arabische Emirate hunting heads International GmbH Management/Projektleitung - Stellenanzeige bei Stellenmarkt.deStellenangebot: Estimation Manager, UAE (M/W) Vereinigte Arabische Emirate hunting heads International GmbH Management/Projektleitung...Estimation Manager, UAE (M/W) Estimation Manager, UAE (M/W)
Estimation Manager, UAE (M/W)
hunting heads ist eines der führenden, auf executive Search spezialisierten Beratungsinstitute für Führungs- und Fachpersonal, Vertriebsleiter, Geschäftsführer und Top- Manager in Europa. Qualität anstatt Quantität lautet unsere Maxime. Wir suchen nur die ELITE. Unsere Headhunter besitzen langjährige Managementerfahrung und arbeiten mit Erfolg durch fachkundige Beratung und Kompetenz für internationale Unternehmen. Erfahren Sie mit uns den Unterschied zwischen Personalberater und Headhunter. - die Champions League der Headhunter -!
As a head hunter we are searching for our client for following position:
Estimation Manager, UAE (M/W)
The Company
Our client is one of the leading offshore dredging companies in the Middle East. Located in the United Arab Emirates, our client acts in the Gulf Region, in India and beyond. The aggressive expansion course of our client brings it with it that numerous positions are to be filled in over the coming months. Attractive salary packages and an interesting field of activities in a multinational environment makes the client one of the most sought after employers in the region.
Key Result Area
• To independently advise on production and costs for the employers projects,
• Contribute to operational effectiveness by independently and proactively advise on process improvement opportunities.
• Focus on the employers business priorities while meeting customer demands.
Reporting to the Chief Commercial Officer
Supervises Senior Production Estimator, Senior Cost Estimator
Position und Aufgabenschwerpunkte:
Expected relationships with other departments
Tender, Contracts, Engineering & Design & Business Development Division, Projects Department, HSE Division, QA/QC Division, Technical Department, Technical Service Department, Finance Department
Description of Activities and Key Responsibilities
• Manage and coordinate the realization of independent advice on cost estimation and production estimation.
• Develop on a yearly basis business improvement approach and goals in close collaboration with Chief Commercial Officer.
• Recommend Chief Commercial Officer on business improvement opportunities accompanying benefits and approach in cooperation and consultation with operations Excellence analyst.
• Advise other departments or Chief Commercial officer on estimation and/or contract matters if required.
• Ensure high quality of cost and production estimations standard.
• Provide reports to Chief Commercial Officer on milestones, work/done, progress, budget, issues and mitigation activities.
• Ensure knowledge management in order to improve knowledge and best practices
• Ensure that all required advises and reports for other departments are timely provided.
• Monitor costs and effectiveness of the department activities to optimize resources, prioritize spending, and maintain professional standards.
• Provide leadership and guidance towards employees of Estimation and operational advisory department.
• Pro-actively communicate with Chief Commercial officer and his subordinates (e.g., Tender manager, design engineer etc.) on engineering and tendering aspects.
• Pro-actively communicate with other department heads regarding process improvement opportunities/ activities.
Educational Qualifications & Certificates
• Technical/Engineering Bachelor degree or equivalent professional qualification
Profil
Behavioral Skills
• Act as a role model in the division.
• Be able to manage personnel with different cultural backgrounds.
• Motivate and inspire colleagues to develop knowledge, skills and competencies. Provide objective and constructive feedback in an appropriate way.
• Stimulate a result-oriented organizational culture by regularly sharing the division's performance and results.
• Be able to translate department targets into concrete and measurable goals for the division for a timely achievement of goals.
• Take over ownership of own objectives agreed upon and of the objectives of the division.
• Investigate, understand and respond to the needs of internal and external stakeholders. Build and maintain strategically important client contractor relations.
• Proactively serve and constructively respond to external client needs in order to meet business priorities.
• Initiate and stimulate teaming: horizontal (between departments) and vertical (Within the different departments) cooperation in the organization.
• Show respect, flexibility and loyalty towards colleagues throughout the organization.
• Collaborate constructively and effectively with all levels within and outside the organization orally and in writing. Actively listen and be persuasive in reasoning.
• Communicate clearly and succinctly orally and in writing. Adapt oral and written communication style to the audience.
• Drive the change and innovation of the division.
• Manage conflict, solve problems and mediate between different interests of multiple stakeholders.
• Be able to identify and mitigate risks within the scope of the division and related to other divisions/department interfaces.
Relevant Experiences
• Extensive experience on dredging & marine activities
Years of Experience
• 12+ years
Languages
• English in verbal and writing
• Arabic preferred
• Any other language is an asset
IT skills
• Microsoft Office
• Microsoft Projects
Ihre individuellen Daten übermitteln Sie uns bitte ausschließlich elektronisch, um eine schnelle Bearbeitung Ihrer Bewerbung gewährleisten zu können.
Wir werden Sie bei Interesse zu einem persönlichen Gespräch einladen, um Ihre Vorstellungen zu konkretisieren und Ihnen geeignete Möglichkeiten offerieren zu können.
Ihre Bewerbung + unser Management = Erfolg
Wir freuen uns auf Sie!
hunting heads executive Search International
Beratungsinstitut für die Besetzung
von Fach- und Führungspositionen
Ansprechpartner:
Uwe Zirbes
Internet: www.huntingheads.de
letztes Update: 05.05.2014
Datensätze in huntingheads.de Stellenangebote Datenbank
enthalten unter anderem Einträge aus folgenden Regionen: Headhunter Deutschland,
Headhunter Österreich, sowie Headhunter Schweiz. Darüber hinaus enthält
die Datenbank Einträge aus allen wichtigen Städten wie Headhunter München,
Headhunter Frankfurt, Headhunter, Zürich, Headhunter St. Gallen, Headhunter
Lugano, Headhunter Hamburg, Headhunter Hannover, Headhunter Berlin, Headhunter
Osteuropa, Headhunter Russland, Headhunter Leipzig, Headhunter Darmstadt,
Headhunter Heidelberg, Headhunter Karlsruhe, Headhunter Bremen, Headhunter
Münster, Headhunter Köln, Headhunter Düsseldorf, Headhunter Essen, Headhunter
Wolfsburg, Headhunter Wien, Headhunter Salzburg, Headhunter Bad Homburg,
Headhunter Augsburg, Headhunter Dresden, Headhunter Erfurt, Headhunter Vertrieb,
Headhunter Maschinenbau, Headhunter Chemie, Headhunter Kunststoff, Headhunter
Elektrotechnik, Headhunter Klinik, Headhunter Pharma, Headhunter Medizintechnik,
Headhunter Luftfahrt, Headhunter Raumfahrt, Headhunter Anlagenbau, Headhunter
Sondermaschinenbau, Headhunter Automotive, Headhunter Autombil LKW Industrie,
Headhunter Technik, Headhunter Finanzen, Headhunter Biochemie, Headhunter
Möbel, Headhunter Handel, Headhunter Bankwesen, Headhunter Gesundheitswesen,
Headhunter IT, Headhunter Bauwesen, Headhunter Allfinanz Versicherung, Headhunter
Alu Stahl Walzproduktion, Headhunter Druck Papier, Headhunter Verpackung
Industrie, Headhunter Energie Kraftwerk, Headhunter Klima Lüftung, Headhunter
Hong Kong, Headhunter Paris, Headhunter Deutschland Headhunter Polen, Headhunter
Tschechien, Headhunter Ungarn, Headhunter Belgien, Headhunter Slowakei,
Headhunter Niederland, Headhunter Österreich, Headhunter London, Headhunter
Schweiz, Headhunter, Headhunter China, Headhunter International, Headhunter
Asien, Headhunter Nordamerika, Headhunter Indien, Headhunter Frankreich
huntingheads.de
Stellenangebote
Initiativ-Bewerbung
Arbeitsweise
Berater
Business
Home
Downloadseite
Geschaeftsbereiche
Kontakt
Leistungen
Kooperationen
/ Partnerlinks
Methode
Outplacement
Referenzen
Standards
und Philosophie
Aufnahmekriterien
für Bewerber
Preis
Leistungsvergleich
Preis
Leistungsvergleich Headhunting
Preis
Leistungsvergleich Internetsuche
Preis
Leistungsvergleich Zeitungssuche
Verguetungsberatung
Manager-liga.de
Top-Manager Datenbank
Seminare
Kooperationen Links
Bewerber Coaching
Aufnahmekriterien
in die Managerliga
Stellenangebote
Initiativ-Bewerbung
Manager-Card.de
Präsentation
Member of Business-Liga (Unternehmen)
Leistungen
für Unternehmen
AGB für
Unternehmen
Registrierung
für Unternehmen
Procedere
für Unternehmen
Vorteile
für Unternehmen
Vorteile
der Member of Manager-Liga (Manager)
Leistungen
für Manager
AGB für
Manager
Aufnahmekriterien
Procedere
für Manager
Registrierung
für Manager
Kunststoff-Spezial .de
headhunting.at
huntingheads.at
huntingheads.ch
hunting-heads.com
huntingheads.org
hunting-heads.de
gespannteam-zirbes.de
zirbes-uwe.de
headhunter-huntingheads.de
headhunting-headhunter.de
huntinghead.de
huntingheads.info
huntingheads.net
Medical-Angebote.de
Medical-Headhunter.de
Medical-Berater.de
Medical-headhunting.de
Personalberater-huntingheads.de
Headhunter Chemie
Headhunter Vertrieb
Headhunter Technik
Headhunter Luftfahrt
Headhunter Maschinenbau
Headhunter Handel
Headhunter Düsseldorf
Headhunter Stuttgart
Headhunter Karlsruhe
Headhunter Nürnberg
Headhunter Frankfurt
Headhunter Hannover
Headhunter Kassel
Headhunter
Würzburg
Headhunter International
Headhunter
Belgien
Headhunter
Spanien
Headhunter
Frankreich
Headhunter
Polen hunting heads International GmbHVollzeit Stellenangebot vom 02.05.2014Bezahlung: Keine AngabeBranche: Unternehmens- und PersonalberatungenFachbereich: Management/Projektleitunghunting heads International GmbH58300 Wetter a.d. RuhrVereinigte Arabische EmirateMehr Stellenangebote von hunting heads International GmbH finden Sie hier: Weitere aktuelle Jobs und Stellenangebote finden Sie in unserer Aktuelle Bewerber finden Sie in unserer