alJazeera Jobs - Lead Document Controller
Jobs in Qatar, Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, Oman, Bahrain, Dubai, Abu Dhabi by alJazeera Jobs
Select Language
English
Francais
Deutsch
عربي
Español
Português
Русский
Nederlands
Türkçe
اردو
Contact alJazeera Jobs Bahrain: (+973) 16199-113
Serving Arabian Gulf Job Seekers since 2007, alJazeera Jobs
is the established, trusted and leading provider of Jobs in
, , , ,
and .
Subscribe to our custom developed Candidate
Management Service to proactively place your details in Arabic
and English into the HR systems of the leading employers in
the Gulf. Jump to the head of the queue and get hired, sign-up
.
JOB SEARCH
I'm looking for...
In location
Select Country
Saudi Arabia
UAE
Kuwait
Qatar
Bahrain
Oman
other
ACCOUNT MANAGEMENT:
|
Lead Document Controller
02 May 2014 06:44 AM - UAE
.
Position Title LeadÂ Document Controller Â  Position reports to: Project Services Manager Primary objective Maintain a central project document control system, covering project team, client, vendor and third party documentation. Specific Accountabilities
Establish and implement an efficient project-related document control register and procedures Establish and maintain a correspondence filing system. Expedite the review and approval of documentation, including designs, procedures, instructions, product certification and records. Plan, supervise and record document flow to and from all necessary parties, including clients, sub-contractors and the project offices.Â  Issue and track location of all documents and drawings. Issue transmittal letters and receipts concerning the documents in circulation. Remove obsolete documents from distribution and use. Coordinate storage and archiving of project and organisational records. Focal point for document control of a major study with other document controllers being based in other offices. Quality Assurance - Responsible for working within the provisions and guidelines of the Quality Assurance system relevant to the BU, etc Safety - Responsible for personal safety safe working practices for the BU, etc. Understand and follow OH&S procedures. Matching Indicators Overall of 15-20 Yrs of experience Â Previous experience in computerised and manual document contr (more...)
EJ
Advertisement
|
|
|
|
|
All rights reserved - AlJazeeraJobs ® is a registered trade mark and unauthorised usage is strictly prohibited.
|
, , , , ,