alJazeera Jobs - Engineering Manager
Jobs in Qatar, Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, Oman, Bahrain, Dubai, Abu Dhabi by alJazeera Jobs
Select Language
English
Francais
Deutsch
عربي
Español
Português
Русский
Nederlands
Türkçe
اردو
Contact alJazeera Jobs Bahrain: (+973) 16199-113
Serving Arabian Gulf Job Seekers since 2007, alJazeera Jobs
is the established, trusted and leading provider of Jobs in
, , , ,
and .
Subscribe to our custom developed Candidate
Management Service to proactively place your details in Arabic
and English into the HR systems of the leading employers in
the Gulf. Jump to the head of the queue and get hired, sign-up
.
JOB SEARCH
I'm looking for...
In location
Select Country
Saudi Arabia
UAE
Kuwait
Qatar
Bahrain
Oman
other
ACCOUNT MANAGEMENT:
|
Engineering Manager
02 May 2014 06:44 AM - UAE
.
WorleyParsons is a dynamic, entrepreneurial, empowered EPCM employing over 40,000 people across 41 countries.Â  With a recognised global reputation as a provider of professional services to the energy, resources and complex process industries, WorleyParsons continues to push the boundaries and extend its capabilities around the world.Â  Headquartered in Australia, we are a global company that prides itself on providing safe and high quality services that exceed our clients' expectations. WorleyParsons strives to be an industry leader in health, safety and environmental performance. Our vision is to achieve zero harm to people and assets, and zero environmental incidents. We select people who share our values, beliefs and commitment to this vision and who demonstrate the expected behaviours, competencies and performance associated with their prospective roles within the company. We are now looking toÂ  recruitÂ Engineering Managers who hold a minimum of 20 years' overall experience which must include significant Oil and Gas experience that are keen to work in United Arab Emirates on upcoming projects. Â Job Requirements
Essential skills/experience: Demonstrable commitment to HSE Management in a project environment Excellent leadership and communication skills High level of customer focus Proven ability in leading multidiscipline activities Â  You will need to hold a relevant degree or equivalent qualification in Electrical Engineering Â (Chartered Engineer preferable) and a minimum of 15years industry experience, with at least 8 years' experience in relevant position with Overheadlines NA will need to be fully coherent in all inter (more...)
EJ
Advertisement
|
|
|
|
|
All rights reserved - AlJazeeraJobs ® is a registered trade mark and unauthorised usage is strictly prohibited.
|
, , , , ,