alJazeera Jobs - Intermediate Electrical Engineer – MEP Contractor, Building Ser...
Jobs in Qatar, Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, Oman, Bahrain, Dubai, Abu Dhabi by alJazeera Jobs
Select Language
English
Francais
Deutsch
عربي
Español
Português
Русский
Nederlands
Türkçe
اردو
Contact alJazeera Jobs Bahrain: (+973) 16199-113
Serving Arabian Gulf Job Seekers since 2007, alJazeera Jobs
is the established, trusted and leading provider of Jobs in
, , , ,
and .
Subscribe to our custom developed Candidate
Management Service to proactively place your details in Arabic
and English into the HR systems of the leading employers in
the Gulf. Jump to the head of the queue and get hired, sign-up
.
JOB SEARCH
I'm looking for...
In location
Select Country
Saudi Arabia
UAE
Kuwait
Qatar
Bahrain
Oman
other
ACCOUNT MANAGEMENT:
|
Intermediate Electrical Engineer – MEP Contractor, Building Ser...
02 May 2014 06:44 AM - UAE
. Intermediate Electrical Engineer – MEP Contractor, Building Services – Dubai, UAE My Client is a Mid-Sized contractor based in Dubai specialising in MEP Building Services across a variety of sectors. After a number of successful bids the MEP Contractor is looking to expand their team and add 2 Intermediate level Electrical Engineers. Role & Responsibility of the Intermediate Electrical Engineer The Intermediate level Electrical Engineers will be responsible for reviewing design drawings and material submittals along with ensuring the smooth delivery of Electrical Building Services in the MEP Contractors varied project portfolio. Required Experience for the Intermediate Electrical Engineers • Circa 7-10 years of experience• A degree of diploma qualification from a recognised institution• Experience in the supervision of Electrical site activities• Strong English language skills• Previous experience in Dubai• Experience in a Contracting firm• Understanding of UAE, Dubai & International Building codes Salary & Benefits: Salary negotiable plus allowances for accommodation and transportation per month plus flights, medical and annual leave. THIS IS AN URGENT REQUIREMENT PLEASE INDICATE YOU AVALIBILITY ON YOUR APPLICATION If you would like more information
(more...)
EJ
Advertisement
|
|
|
|
|
All rights reserved - AlJazeeraJobs ® is a registered trade mark and unauthorised usage is strictly prohibited.
|
, , , , ,