alJazeera Jobs - Logistics Leader, ME Job
Jobs in Qatar, Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, Oman, Bahrain, Dubai, Abu Dhabi by alJazeera Jobs
Select Language
English
Francais
Deutsch
عربي
Español
Português
Русский
Nederlands
Türkçe
اردو
Contact alJazeera Jobs Bahrain: (+973) 16199-113
Serving Arabian Gulf Job Seekers since 2007, alJazeera Jobs
is the established, trusted and leading provider of Jobs in
, , , ,
and .
Subscribe to our custom developed Candidate
Management Service to proactively place your details in Arabic
and English into the HR systems of the leading employers in
the Gulf. Jump to the head of the queue and get hired, sign-up
.
JOB SEARCH
I'm looking for...
In location
Select Country
Saudi Arabia
UAE
Kuwait
Qatar
Bahrain
Oman
other
ACCOUNT MANAGEMENT:
|
Logistics Leader, ME Job
01 May 2014 09:44 PM - UAE
Job Description: Job Number: 1959129Business: GE HealthcareBusiness Segment: Healthcare Global Supply ChainAbout Us: What do you envision for your future? At GE Healthcare, our vision involves looking at Healthcare in a completely new way. Focusing on earlier, pre-symptomatic disease detection and prevention, instead of late diagnosis. Helping clinicians access more information and intervene sooner with targeted treatments so their patients can lead longer, fuller lives.We believe we can help make that happen - and we'd like you to be a part of our mission. As a global leader, GE can bring together the best in science, technology, business and human resources to redefine the frontiers of healthcare.Something remarkable happens when you bring together people who are driven to make a difference - they do.---Your Life. Your career. Your purpose. Re-imagined----Posted Position Title: Logistics Leader, MECareer Level: ExperiencedFunction: LogisticsFunction Segment: LogisticsLocation: United Arab EmiratesU.S. State, China or Canada Provinces: City: DubaiPostal Code: Relocation Assistance: NoRole Summary/Purpose: The Logistics Leader is responsible for the management of warehousing, consolidation and transportation. This includes initiating improvements in logistics operation, and facilitates a strategic outlook that will better serve all stakeholders.Essential Responsibilities: - Responsible for On Time Shipment (Inbound & Outbound) / SCOT for transportation- Overcome road blocks to ensure shipment is made in line with internal and external customers requirements- Drive warehousing optimization/Lean projects- Establish and maintain focus on safety, driving 0 Lost Time Accident initiative- Establish and maintain ISO/GAC approved procedures for all operations- Develop, coach and lead consolidation team, setting measurable goals and objectives to evaluate successQualifications/Requirements: 1. Bachelor's Degree or 5 years of work experience in logistics, material management, warehousing, or supply chain management2. 3 yeas of experience working in logistics, materials management, warehousing and distribution, or supply chain management.3. Proficient in Microsoft Office, i.e. Excel, Power Point, and Word4. Good Knowledge of ERP/ WMS/ TMSAdditional Eligibility Qualifications: Desired Characteristics: 1. Bachelor's Degree in Logistics, Materials or Supply Chain Management. 2. Minimum of 7 years of operational logistics, warehousing and distribution, or supply chain management. 3. Lean Expertise, including Lean Six Sigma process methodology. 4. Solid communication and analytical skills, including experience with communicating with others from different counties and cultures. 5. Ability to energize, develop and build rapport at all levels within the organization. 6. Proven ability to execute, multi-task, and deliver on commitments. 7. Experience working in a compliant supply chain.Job Segments:Logistics (more...)
GE
Advertisement
|
|
|
|
|
All rights reserved - AlJazeeraJobs ® is a registered trade mark and unauthorised usage is strictly prohibited.
|
, , , , ,