SAP Graduate Training Program, Abu Dhabi Job in Abu Dhabi - SAP - Bayt.com
OK
Cancel
Loading...
Loading...
Jobs
Jobs
Salaries
People Companies Specialties
- All -
- All -Algeria (12)Bahrain (115)Dubai (1555)Egypt (495)Iraq (81)Jordan (390)Kuwait (740)Lebanon (249)Libya (16)Morocco (12)Oman (96)Pakistan (33)Qatar (1055)Saudi Arabia (2766)Sri Lanka (62)Tunisia (6)UAE (3582)Yemen (3)
Loading...
Menu - []
›
› Job Description
SAP Graduate Training Program, Abu Dhabi
- ,
Date Posted: 2014/04/23 06:00:23
Ref. JB3042991
Job Description
PURPOSE AND OBJECTIVESSAP Middle East & North Africa (MENA) is recognized as one of the fastest growing global markets for SAP. Due to this exponential growth, industry forecasts show that we need to grow the number of certified SAP consultants substantially over the next 3 years and Business Intelligence expertise is one of our most in demand specialisms. This makes it the perfect time to take this training program and start your exciting career as a Certified SAP Business Intelligence Consultant. EXPECTATIONS AND TASKSWhat the Program offers you:* 3 month SAP training program at no cost to you;* Hands-on simulated project exercises throughout the Program;* Additional training on design thinking, presentation skills, communication skills and other soft skills;* Monthly cash allowance to cover living expenses throughout the Program;* Access to internal SAP communities and networks throughout the Program;* Official Associate Level SAP Business Intelligence Certification – internationally recognized SAP qualification;* Possibility of an internship in the SAP ecosystem after training, based on performance;* Possibility of a permanent position in the SAP ecosystem after training / internship, based on performance;WORK EXPERIENCEWhat is the selection process?* If you meet the set criteria outlined above, you will be sent an e-mail to complete two online assessments – the first will test your analytical, quantatitive, verbal, language and MS Office abilities. The second will assess your personality.* If you perform well on the tests, you will then be invited back for a 30 minute interview.
Skills
EDUCATION AND QUALIFICATIONS/SKILLS AND COMPETENCIESWhat we require from a candidate:* Candidates will preferably be Emirati and have a home in or around Abu Dhabi as travel / accommodation is not provided;* All candidates must also be currently unemployed;* Candidates must be a bachelor of Physics, Maths, Computer Science, Economics, Statistics or any other subject related to Business Intelligence;* Candidates will preferably have graduated within the last 3 years with a GPA not less than 3.00;* All candidates must have a keen interest in starting an SAP-related career involving travel;* The course will be delivered in English so a good grasp of both written and spoken English is essential;* Candidates must possess good problem solving capabilities, presentation skills and a general understanding of Microsoft Office;* Availability from 9am – 6pm from Sunday to Thursday throughout the training period is required – the course will run for 3 months in Abu Dhabi.
Education
ASSOCIATEDEGREE
Job Details
Job Location:
Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates
Company Industry:
Education, Training, and Library
Company Type:
Employer (Private Sector)
Job Role:
Other
Joining Date:
Unspecified
Employment Status:
Full time
Employment Type:
Contractor
Monthly Salary Range:
Unspecified
Manages Others:
No
Number of Vacancies:
1
Preferred Candidate
Career Level:
Entry Level
Years of Experience:
Unspecified
Residence Location:
Unspecified
Gender:
Unspecified
Nationality:
Unspecified
Degree:
Unspecified
About This Company
SAP is the enterprise application software market leader, helping companies of all sizes and industries run better. From back office to boardroom, warehouse to storefront, desktop to mobile device, SAP helps people and organizations work together efficiently and use business insight effectively to stay ahead of the competition. SAP applications and services enable more than 232,000 customers to operate profitably, adapt continuously, and grow sustainably. For more information, visit www.sap.com.
SAP Middle East & North Africa (MENA) is recognized as one of the fastest growing global markets for SAP. This makes it the perfect time to join SAP!
Want to be part of a dynamic, diverse and fast growing region? Find your career opportunity in SAP MENA: www.sap.com/careers.
Date Posted: 2014/04/23 06:00:23
Ref. JB3042991
Recommended Courses
Invite Your
Friends to Bayt.com
Find Jobs
About Bayt.com
Bayt.com is the leading job site in the Gulf and Middle East, connecting job seekers with employers looking to hire.
Every day, thousands of new job vacancies are listed on the award-winning platform from the region's top employers.
Company
Quick Links
Follow
© 2000-2014 Bayt.com, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
-
Reproduction of material from any Bayt.com pages without written permission is strictly prohibited.