Team Lead - Telecommunication Services - JB1001843318 | Abu Dhabi, UAE - Jobs Abu Dhabi
OK
Cancel
Loading...
Loading...
Welcome, Guest
|
|
|
|
|
-
Menu - []
Your Opinion Matters
Statistics
Total vacancies 1646
Weekly statistics
Vacancies Posted this Week 86
Today’s Statistics
Vacancies posted today 20
Poll Corner
If you are offered a lower position, but higher in salary than your current job,will you accept it?
Yes
No
Submit your Vote
›
› Job Description
215 People have applied
Date Posted: 2014/05/01 13:06:55Ref. JB1001843318
Team Lead - Telecommunication ServicesAbu Dhabi Media
•	Prepare,
obtain approval on,
monitor,
and report performance against the “Telecommunication Services Unit's” annual business plan and budget to ensure that objectives are met in a timely manner and that the expenditure is managed within appropriate limits.
•	Manage and coordinate the “Telecommunication Services Unit's” resources (i.e. human resources,
financials,
technology,
assets,
etc.) to ensure optimum utilization so that the objectives are met in an accurate,
timely,
and effective manner.
•	Identify manpower needs in the Unit and ensure a fair workload distribution among subordinates; perform periodic performance appraisals and provide learning and development opportunities for subordinates so that employees are motivated and high productivity level is maintained.
•	Establish,
document,
and update the Unit's policies,
procedures,
and processes to provide for effective planning and control so that the business plan objectives are met.
•	Supervise the Telecommunication Services Unit's activities in order to ensure the adequate design,
implementation,
and management of digital and analog equipment and services.
•	Evaluate new and / or existing products and systems in order to make adequate recommendations to improve the network and telecommunication performance.
•	Manage telecommunication vendors / suppliers as well as maintain service contracts and maintenance agreements (related to PABX,
GSM,
Data USB,
Internet Leased Lines,
Data Leased Lines,
etc.) in order to ensure adherence to set deadlines and compliance to terms and conditions.
•	Plan,
order,
and coordinate the telecommunication network control area and PABX for the installation of new telephone systems.
•	Analyze local and long distance telecommunication networks in order to ensure network optimization and cost saving.
•	Manage the process of telecommunication bill payments for business units and employees and ensure proper review of the bills before issuing payments to the operator.
•	Build and maintain positive business relationships with telecommunication operators in the UAE (i.e. Etisalat and Du) in order to keep abreast of their offerings and to ensure smooth operations.
•	Ensure compliance with all relevant Abu Dhabi Media Company's health,
safety,
and environmental policies,
procedures,
instructions,
and controls in order to create a non-hazardous work environment.
•	Perform any other related duties and / or assignments as directed by the line manager.
Skills
•	Excellent supervisory skills
•	Excellent communication skills in English and Arabic (oral and written)
•	Excellent presentation skills
•	Excellent interpersonal skills
•	Excellent analytical skills
•	Excellent problem-solving and decision-making skills
•	Excellent relationship management skills
•	Excellent time and stress management skills
•	Ability to work independently as well as with others
•	Awareness of the relevant telecommunication regulations in the UAE (e.g. issued by the Telecommunications Regulatory Authority [TRA])
•	Good knowledge of telecommunication services related to the media industry
Education
in Telecommunication Engineering or equivalent
Company Profile
The company manages more than 20 market-leading brands across free and pay television,
radio,
publishing,
digital media,
games,
feature films,
music,
digital signage,
outside broadcast/production,
and printing.
Abu Dhabi Media is comprised of three operating divisions: Broadcast,
Publishing and Digital Media.
Together,
they own and operate many of the most popular and enduring media brands in the region,
including: the TV channels Abu Dhabi Al Oula and Abu Dhabi Riyadiya/AD Sports; Emirate FM and Star FM radio stations; Al Ittihad and The National newspapers; Majid and Zahrat Al Khaleej magazines; and the websites anazahra.com and admcsport.com.
Abu Dhabi Media also has a number of subsidiaries,
including: Imagenation Abu Dhabi,
one of the world’s leading feature film producers; LIVE,
the most advanced outdoor broadcast and production company; and United Printing Press (UPP),
a state-of-the-art printing facility and the largest in the region.
We partner with Universal Music Group and Sony Music Entertainment on VEVO,
the premium online music video platform; and with National Geographic on National Geographic Abu Dhabi,
the Arabic language television channel,
and National Geographic Al Arabiya magazine.
In January 2011,
we launched Karkadann Games,
a wholly-owned world-class developer and publisher of video games.
The company is committed to leading the development of the region’s media industry by cultivating local talent and by managing market-leading brands that inform,
educate and entertain.
Abu Dhabi Media is headquartered in Abu Dhabi,
with offices in Beirut,
Cairo,
Dubai and Jeddah.
Job Details
Job Location:
Abu Dhabi, UAE
Company Industry:
Computer/Software
Company Type:
Employer (Public Sector)
Job Role:
Engineering
Employment Status:
Full time
Employment Type:
Employee
Monthly Salary Range:
US$10,000 - $15,000 (≈ AED 36,730 - 55,095)
Number of Vacancies:
1
Preferred Candidate
Career Level:
Management
Nationality:
United Arab Emirates
Degree:
Bachelor's degree / higher diploma