alJazeera Jobs - Senior Reservoir Engineer Studies
Jobs in Qatar, Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, Oman, Bahrain, Dubai, Abu Dhabi by alJazeera Jobs
Select Language
English
Francais
Deutsch
عربي
Español
Português
Русский
Nederlands
Türkçe
اردو
Contact alJazeera Jobs Bahrain: (+973) 16199-113
Serving Arabian Gulf Job Seekers since 2007, alJazeera Jobs
is the established, trusted and leading provider of Jobs in
, , , ,
and .
Subscribe to our custom developed Candidate
Management Service to proactively place your details in Arabic
and English into the HR systems of the leading employers in
the Gulf. Jump to the head of the queue and get hired, sign-up
.
JOB SEARCH
I'm looking for...
In location
Select Country
Saudi Arabia
UAE
Kuwait
Qatar
Bahrain
Oman
other
ACCOUNT MANAGEMENT:
|
Senior Reservoir Engineer Studies
01 May 2014 04:44 PM - UAE
..   Detailed Description a.                  Conducts mathematical and simulation studies to determine optimum methods of oil recovery and reservoir resource management or respond to changes in well/reservoir performance.   Participates in simulation studies and reviews objectives with Reservoir Engineering Coordinator and/or Team Leader to establish study parameters such as test and data required and reviews progress and modifies acquisitions as necessary. Supervises and provides guidelines to Reservoir Engineers involved in interpreting test data from wells, such as drill-stem tests, flow and build-up tests, core analyses and various production test data utilized in studies. c.                  Directs and participates in well surveillance activities and reservoir definition and behavior prediction of assigned reservoir.   Establishes test and production objectives for each well and ensures proper surveillance and well-file completion. Includes approving development and production testing proposals, generally reviewing such tests and analyses and ensuring the consolidation, reporting and well-file updating of the team's work and studies relating to individual wells. Participates in the annual production logging campaign planning and preparing reservoir engineering requirements for workover and completion operations. d.                  Recommends reservoir areas and program features for pilot studies of various oil recovery enhancement techniques. Includes presenting fully justifies proposals for field trials of various techniques, such as water or gas injection methods, acid fractures or additional performance. Monitors results over scheduled trial life and reports findings and recommendations to other team members outlining estimated impact of enhancement on the field or reservoir. e.                  Directs less experienced reservoir engineers or carries out more complex computerized simulation studies as required. Includes providing advice and assistance   to reservoir engineers carrying out studies and simulations, such as advising on appropriate data, input and analyses of results, carries out major or complex simulation studies as necessary and participates in team efforts to produce major studies. Reviews and/or prepares simulation study progress reports and ensures adherence to Company and professional standards and procedures for such studies. f.                  Ensures the overall receipt, calipation, plotting, tabulation and file/database updating of production data, such as core analyses and pressure tests, used in reservoir engineering studies. Includes establishing new tests as appropriate, establishing priorities and schedules for calipation, computer manipulation and plotting of received data. Reviews results to ensure appropriate output is provided to other Reservoir Engineers for incorporation into their studies. Also ensures computer data bases, well-files and related project files are updated and that appropriate copies, indexing and storage of cassette tapes or disks is carried on time. g.                     Carries out special studies as assigned, such as recovery systems, water or gas injection rates or well positioning studies required for assigned team projects or for the economic evaluation of various projects. Interprets output to explain expected performance, checks, assumptions and reports findings accordingly.   Circulates and discusses findings with concerned team members to adjust study parameters or output as appropriate prior to submitting final report. h.                  Participates in the ongoing training and development of UAE national employees as assigned. Includes assessing employee training and development needs, preparing structured familiarization, development programs, monitoring progress and counseling employees as required. l.                     Knows the Company health, safety and environment policy, procedures, regulations and objectives as they relate to his area of responsibility. Ensures that work under his control is performed in a safe and environmentally sound manner. Conducts effective accident investigation and follow up. Implements specific safety management system program activities assigned to him. j.               Carries out other similar or related duties s (more...)
RZ
Advertisement
|
|
|
|
|
All rights reserved - AlJazeeraJobs ® is a registered trade mark and unauthorised usage is strictly prohibited.
|
, , , , ,