alJazeera Jobs - Senior Geophysicist Quantitative Interpretation
Jobs in Qatar, Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, Oman, Bahrain, Dubai, Abu Dhabi by alJazeera Jobs
Select Language
English
Francais
Deutsch
عربي
Español
Português
Русский
Nederlands
Türkçe
اردو
Contact alJazeera Jobs Bahrain: (+973) 16199-113
Serving Arabian Gulf Job Seekers since 2007, alJazeera Jobs
is the established, trusted and leading provider of Jobs in
, , , ,
and .
Subscribe to our custom developed Candidate
Management Service to proactively place your details in Arabic
and English into the HR systems of the leading employers in
the Gulf. Jump to the head of the queue and get hired, sign-up
.
JOB SEARCH
I'm looking for...
In location
Select Country
Saudi Arabia
UAE
Kuwait
Qatar
Bahrain
Oman
other
ACCOUNT MANAGEMENT:
|
Senior Geophysicist Quantitative Interpretation
01 May 2014 04:44 PM - UAE
..Senior Geophysicist Quantitative Interpretation My client are a major oil and gas operator based in Abu Dhabi, working onshore and on shallow coastal development sites throughout Abu Dhabi. They require a Senior Geophysicist with Quantitative Interpretation expertise to join their Sub-Surface team in Abu Dhabi. The Senior Geophysicist will provide expert advice and lead appraisal and interpretation of geophysical data. You will perform highly specialized seismic interpretation assignments including interpretation of seismic geometries, facies and sequences; generating synthetic seismograms and identifying the effects of porefill modeling on synthetic seismograms; quantifying well to seismic matches; using amplitude versus offset, versus azimuth analyses of seismic data (if applicable) and linking seismic interpretation to reservoir modeling. You will also identify potential plays, prospects and redevelopment opportunities from a combination of seismic data and intimate knowledge of an integrated sub-surface model. Quantify uncertainties on the different phases of the work performed. Advise on effective field surveys and processing parameters. Ensure timely reporting of geophysical interpretation assignments and work closely with other members of assigned team to identify hydrocarbon accumulations. Advise on the integration of geophysical input into multi-disciplinary exploration, delineation and/or development teams/study groups. Accountabilities *Analyzes the quality of seismic data through quantitative assessment, taking into consideration all factors which may affect the quality of the data. *Interprets seismic geometries, sequences and facies, and integrate them with well data. Includes calipation of interpretations against well data and creation of correlation panels (in collaboration with Geologist) that integrate seismic interpretations with well data. *Use seismic data quantitatively to determine rock properties and fluid content. Includes the application of Inversion/ AVO techniques to recognize and risk pore-fill types. Includes 4D interpretation. *Advises on ranking generated prospects for long term exploration drilling programs by quantifying trap risk and uncertainty and optimizing volume estimation. *Generates synthetic seismographs and identify the effects of porefill modeling on the appearance of synthetic seismograms. *Identify potential hydrocarbon traps and spill-points on seismic sections using sonic and density logs to construct required trend curves. *Optimizes seismic data interpretation through utilization of advanced interpretations tools and techniques including seismic inversion; 4D; AVO analyses; linking to reservoir modeling; volume interpretation and visualization. *Use different displays to enhance the objectives of high resolution seismic surveys and interpret the data for leg penetration of offshore installations and shallow gas hazards. *Identify potential plays, prospects and redevelopment opportunities from a combination of seismic data and intimate knowledge of an integrated sub-surface model. *Carries out technical audits of interpretation work performed by consultants/contractors. *Ensures the preparation and updating of all geophysical data pertaining to assigned team. Includes verifying, validating, loading and updating data in seismic interpretation database and transfer to other platforms *Keeps apeast of technological development in the field of seismic acquisition processing and interpretation. Attends conferences, seminars and reviews technical periodicals. *Identifies opportunities to impro (more...)
RZ
Advertisement
|
|
|
|
|
All rights reserved - AlJazeeraJobs ® is a registered trade mark and unauthorised usage is strictly prohibited.
|
, , , , ,