alJazeera Jobs - Prequalification & Registration Officer
Jobs in Qatar, Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, Oman, Bahrain, Dubai, Abu Dhabi by alJazeera Jobs
Select Language
English
Francais
Deutsch
عربي
Español
Português
Русский
Nederlands
Türkçe
اردو
Contact alJazeera Jobs Bahrain: (+973) 16199-113
Serving Arabian Gulf Job Seekers since 2007, alJazeera Jobs
is the established, trusted and leading provider of Jobs in
, , , ,
and .
Subscribe to our custom developed Candidate
Management Service to proactively place your details in Arabic
and English into the HR systems of the leading employers in
the Gulf. Jump to the head of the queue and get hired, sign-up
.
JOB SEARCH
I'm looking for...
In location
Select Country
Saudi Arabia
UAE
Kuwait
Qatar
Bahrain
Oman
other
ACCOUNT MANAGEMENT:
|
Prequalification & Registration Officer
01 May 2014 04:44 PM - UAE
..JOB DUTIES Responsible to update and maintain Commercial Directory in Maximo 7.1. Newly submitted electronic requests (New Registration/Update) are properly checked, competed and processed as per applicable procedures. Newly submitted electronic applications (New Registration/Update) are properly reviewed and analyzed as per applicable procedures. Supplier basic information, legal documents, activities and attachments are crucial data that needs attention. Encourage, Conduct & Attend Interactive meetings with Suppliers and appraise them FERTIL's business operations, Supplier's pre-qualification & Registration procedures. Also gather market intelligence. Attend telephone enquiries from Suppliers regarding requests for new registration & status of Registration. Follow the Supplier (vendors/contractors/Manufacturers/etc...) registration and pre-qualification procedures, maintain such procedures and ensures their proper implementation according to approved guidelines, and procedures. Development of Commercial Directory which includes Supplier's qualifications, capabilities and performance in the light of relevant data received. Recommends additions / deletions to existing lists of Supplier accordingly. Participates in qualification surveys carried out in the field. Gathers information on Supplier available on local/foreign markets to establish a database of materials/services offered, prices/rates, lead times and various commercial aspects of such Supplier. Includes periodicals, similar industry practices in G.C.C., procurement commitment plans, statistical agencies, etc. for information gathering and updating purposes. Analyses data to desire trends and examine implications, and highlights areas which could contribute to a cost effective material purchases. Participates in the establishment of a reference Commercial Directory for the Department ensuring that Directory contents are properly maintained. Conducts searches for sources of supply of materials and services that could meet the requirements of FERTIL in term of delivery time and quality, while observing Local Rules and Regulations governing the business. Conducts visits to manufacturers, workshops and meet suppliers for obtaining additional information on their capabilities whenever there are specific requirements. Organizes meetings between suppliers and Users to clarify intended scope of supply in special cases where the purchase requisition is a new development. Monitor supplier performance, and at times investigate reasons for poor results, and recommends courses of action to management to avoid repetition. Disseminate results of review to users following management sanction. Tracks supplier's mergers, acquisitions or bankruptcies and name changes in order to retain correct data on contact points and warn Purchasing Section staff. Familiarize with the latest in the industries and the market place, through review of periodicals, publications and the internet related magazines. To review and recommend Suppliers' capability/quality with respect to new/current sources. Distributes order requirements among approve sources/suppliers. Recommends the addition or removal of suppliers from approved Suppliers' List. Performed suppliers Liaison & Market Research Prepared SWOT analysis on FERTIL, suppliers Submit various Reports on monthly basis (registration, etc...) Developed new Vendors Sources For improvement, regularly enhance or amend Procurement Procedures where applicable. Update Product / Services Master Item List, Classified, Coded & Computerized Engineered Packages, Electrical, Instrumentation, Piping   Conducted Survey/Audits at Vendor Works along with User & QA Dept. for first hand assessment of Product Quality & Quality Systems. Participate actively in Pre-Qualification Committee Meetings to Update Status to the Management. Suggests an automated Design for supplier Performance Rating Forms, Obtained feedback from Purchase, Expediting, Projects, Stores Dept., Evaluated, Monitored & Computerized Vendor Performance ratings Updated supplier's information on real time basis (design automated update invitation). Coordinate with IT Systems Group for Maximo Commercial Directory maintenance & upgrade Organize / Coordinate Meetings & prepare Minutes related to registration. Study of E-procurement for knowledge and effective and applicable system. MINIMUM REQUIREMENTS Diploma/High Diploma in Engineering or equivalent. Min 3 years experience in (more...)
RZ
Advertisement
|
|
|
|
|
All rights reserved - AlJazeeraJobs ® is a registered trade mark and unauthorised usage is strictly prohibited.
|
, , , , ,