alJazeera Jobs - Advertising Executive
Jobs in Qatar, Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, Oman, Bahrain, Dubai, Abu Dhabi by alJazeera Jobs
Select Language
English
Francais
Deutsch
عربي
Español
Português
Русский
Nederlands
Türkçe
اردو
Contact alJazeera Jobs Bahrain: (+973) 16199-113
Serving Arabian Gulf Job Seekers since 2007, alJazeera Jobs
is the established, trusted and leading provider of Jobs in
, , , ,
and .
Subscribe to our custom developed Candidate
Management Service to proactively place your details in Arabic
and English into the HR systems of the leading employers in
the Gulf. Jump to the head of the queue and get hired, sign-up
.
JOB SEARCH
I'm looking for...
In location
Select Country
Saudi Arabia
UAE
Kuwait
Qatar
Bahrain
Oman
other
ACCOUNT MANAGEMENT:
|
Advertising Executive
01 May 2014 06:09 PM - UAE
. Advertising Executive (Graduate/Entry Level)Permanent | Full Time | Milton KeynesWS Advertising is a multi-million turnover, award winning recruitment advertising and design agency. Having achieved year on year growth we have established ourselves locally and nationally, consistently gaining new business and projects as a direct result of our quality service.We are in need of an Advertising Account Executive to join us as part of a small team working on a bank of key accounts. The work we do spans a whole range of media channels and client sectors so it will be crucial that you are able to skilfully extract and interpret information and provide high quality advice and recommendations that contribute to successful campaigns. We are always working under the pressure of deadlines, so it truly is a fast paced environment.With a degree or equivalent in an advertising or media related subject, you will need to be highly literate and numerate, able to work comfortably to deadlines and have an understanding of a broad range of media channels and advertising techniques. We promise professionalism, honesty and creativity to our clients, so these attributes will be essential.As you continue to develop your skills, the opportunity will arise for you to grow into an Account Management position where you will have responsibility for your own client base and new business development.To applyIf you would like to join our friendly and successful team, please send in your CV and a covering letter by pressing apply now, outlining what you feel you c (more...)
SMJ
Advertisement
|
|
|
|
|
All rights reserved - AlJazeeraJobs ® is a registered trade mark and unauthorised usage is strictly prohibited.
|
, , , , ,