alJazeera Jobs - Marcomms Associate - Translations
Jobs in Qatar, Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, Oman, Bahrain, Dubai, Abu Dhabi by alJazeera Jobs
Select Language
English
Francais
Deutsch
عربي
Español
Português
Русский
Nederlands
Türkçe
اردو
Contact alJazeera Jobs Bahrain: (+973) 16199-113
Serving Arabian Gulf Job Seekers since 2007, alJazeera Jobs
is the established, trusted and leading provider of Jobs in
, , , ,
and .
Subscribe to our custom developed Candidate
Management Service to proactively place your details in Arabic
and English into the HR systems of the leading employers in
the Gulf. Jump to the head of the queue and get hired, sign-up
.
JOB SEARCH
I'm looking for...
In location
Select Country
Saudi Arabia
UAE
Kuwait
Qatar
Bahrain
Oman
other
ACCOUNT MANAGEMENT:
|
Marcomms Associate - Translations
01 May 2014 06:09 PM - UAE
. Epson is a global imaging and innovation leader that is dedicated to exceeding the vision of customers worldwide through its compact, energy-saving, high-precision technologies. We offer an extensive array of award-winning products across the world ranging from printers and 3LCD projectors for business and the home, to electronic and crystal devices.The Marcomms Associate is responsible for managing the localisation of our central marketing material into our international territories. This is a project management role with a key emphasis on the ability to work with internal and external stakeholders to ensure a timely and accurate roll out into up to 23 countries across EMEA. This role is based in our European Marketing Division's office in Hemel Hempstead.Key ResponsibilitiesTo manage the process of translation and localisation of marketing communications tools and materials across To manage external translation/localisation suppliers.To follow the agreed process to manage translations/localisations within the marketing department.To liaise with the other EMD Marketing teams and Epson sales companies, where necessary.To work within fixed budgets.To ensure deadlines are achieved.Maintainfirst class administration.Knowledge, Skills and ExperienceEnglish and at least one other European language both spoken & written to a business level is essential.High attention to detail and exceptional high quality control.The ability to work to tight deadlines, while remaining focused, and to handle a high number of projects at the same time.Proven experience of translation management.The ability to work in a team environment ands to communication effectively.Experience in marketing environment.Commercially and financially aware.IT literate.Epson makes products for a wide range of customers and we are committed to having a diverse workforce. We offer a competitive salary and excellent benefits. Colleagues based in our offices at Westside, Hemel Hempstead work in an excellent waterside location with close proximity to (more...)
SMJ
Advertisement
|
|
|
|
|
All rights reserved - AlJazeeraJobs ® is a registered trade mark and unauthorised usage is strictly prohibited.
|
, , , , ,