Project Director - PMC job in UAE | Job ID: 948838 | oil and gas Job Search
Project Director - PMC job in UAE
Rate
$240,000-275,000 NET
Type
Permanent
Location
UAE
Region
Abu Dhabi
Town
Ruwais
Required Residency
Posted By
Date Posted
1 May 2014
Expiry Date
31 May 2014
Job Reference
MBDD-PD-9245
Job Description
Title: Project Director - PMC
Location: Abu Dhabi – Ruwais Refinery
Salary: $20-23k per month NET + Accomodation + Transport + Living Allowances
Ref: MBDD-PD-9245
Type: Full Time
OUR CLIENT:
Mackinnon Bruce is working closely with one of the leading oil and gas consultancies in the world today.They have focused on operating safely and exceeding customer expectations, and are one of the largest employee-owned companies with projects in over 150 countries worldwide.
THE ROLE:
The role is based in Abu Dhabi at the Ruwais Refinery. It is one of the largest PMC’s in the history of the Middle East and the client on the project is Takreer. The refinery is a huge, multi-billion dollar refinery expansion. The project is in Construction stage and there is around another 1-2 years left on the PMC. The successful candidate will, therefore be working on site.
It is a 60 hour working week split into 6 days per week. The role comes with 5 weeks holiday.
THE INDIVIDUAL:
The client is looking for an individual with 20 years’ experience, most of which must be downstream oil and gas and refineries. The individual must be a good communicator and have the ability to interface with engineering teams, project managers, and clients.
QUALIFICATIONS AND EXPERIENCE:
-
The successful candidate will have a strong background in project management, coupled with proven project abilities of working in the offices of a local partner.
-
We are looking for someone who has previous experience of managing all stages of projects from initial conception, through design, right through to construction and commissioning.
-
Must have been project director/ senior project manager on a multi-billion dollar EPC or PMC project at a refinery.
-
Candidate must have worked for EPC oil and gas contractors/ consultancies on downstream, onshore projects.
-
The successful candidate will be a dynamic and experienced Project Director with a proven track record of maintaining subordinate relations.
-
Due to circumstances with VISA’s it is preferred that the candidate is a western educated.
-
The candidate must have been the lead director on a multi-billion dollar PMC project.
YOU WILL:
-
You will provide overall leadership of all project functions, overseeing all project activities, reporting to a local General Manager.
-
To review, establish and validate Project Goals and Objectives and support Project teams in their efforts to achieve same, and to ensure compliance with the contractual obligations.
-
To liaise with clients on overall performance, and to ensure alignment of execution strategies in delivering achievement of Key Project Performance Indicators. The client has appointed the major contractor on the PMC team to manage the work on their behalf, while the candidate will be expected to report to, and successfully work with, their team
-
To Support direct reports to mitigate/resolve any outstanding Client/Joint Venture concerns/issues.
-
To proactively direct any action required to mitigate potential project problems, and/or reactively instigate any major problem solving initiatives required as all stages of the projects
Qualifications
Bachelors Degree Hons or equivalent
Find Related oil and gas Jobs
Latest Mackinnon Bruce Jobs
Related Job Searches
© 2014 Copyright Oil and Gas Job Search.com Limited :: Part of The Jobsearch Group
Follow us
--Web2--