Coding Technician I (UAE Nationals only) | UAE Jobs Vacancies, Employment, Career Opportunities in UAE.
Jobs Vacancies, Employment And Career Opportunities in UAE.
04.30.2014 · Posted in
Job Summary
The Coding Technician I is primarily responsible for the accurate assignment of diagnosis and procedure codes following established coding guidelines and abstracting appropriate data for reporting outpatient,
Emergency Room,
and ancillary services accounts. This position supports the activities of the Revenue Management Department.
Primary Duties and Responsibilities
• Applies the appropriate coding guidelines for assignment of the primary diagnosis and co-morbidities for outpatient accounts.
• Applies the appropriate guidelines for assignment of primary and secondary procedures.
• Assigns the appropriate ICD-10-CM code for the primary diagnosis on 95% of accounts audited.
• Assigns the appropriate CPT codes for procedures on 95% of accounts audited.
• Assigns the appropriate Evaluation & Management code on 95% of accounts audited.
• Abstracts required demographic and statistical data from each patient record on 95% of accounts audited.
• Demonstrates knowledge of the content of the electronic medical record for both inpatient and outpatient accounts.
• Demonstrates knowledge of the physician query process and appropriately queries when documentation is incomplete or ambiguous.
• Demonstrates appropriate analysis of electronic medical record documentation for completeness,
accuracy,
and timeliness.
• Maintains an average productivity rate of 130 accounts coded per day.
• Identifies both electronic and hard copy reference materials appropriately and efficiently to facilitate the accuracy,
consistency and specificity of code assignment.
• Coordinates with the Clinical Coding Support Specialist on issues related to documentation.
• Maintains confidentiality of patient’s protected health information (PHI) in both electronic and paper formats.
• Participates in continuing education programs and maintains a record of continuing education programs attended.
• Performs other duties and participates in special projects as assigned by the HIMS Management team.
Job Details
Date Posted:
2014-04-30
Job Location:
United Arab Emirates
Job Role:
Healthcare/Medical
Preferred Candidate
Career Level:
Entry Level
Nationality:
United Arab Emirates; Other
Degree:
Higher Diploma
Similar Jobs:
Tags: ,
Leave a Reply
You must be
to post a comment.
Jobs by Date:
May 2014
M
T
W
T
F
S
S
1234
567891011
12131415161718
19202122232425
262728293031
XML Map / RSS Feeds:
Top Job Locations:
Job Categories:
Recent Searches:
Archives
Jobs by Keywords:
Subscribe to Receive Jobistan UAE Jobs Updates:
Enter your email address below to
receive latest UAE Job Vacancies:
Or Follow us on Face Book and Twitter for Latest UAE Job Vacancies:
© 2009
Jobs in Other Countries: