GulfTalent.com
Senior Java Developer
Triage International
Abu Dhabi, UAE
Posted on: 1 May 2014
THE ROLE
Expand all
Triage is currently looking for a Senior Java Developer with strong experience with Core Java technologies for our client in Abu Dhabi.
Requirements:
Participates in project planning with team members. Work with customer and manage customer expectations. Contributes to identification of system requirements. Develops and/or modifies applications using disciplined software development processes and adheres to quality standards and procedures. Conducts unit testing of application modules to ensure specifications are met. Participates in integration testing. Documents functions and changes to new or modified modules. Provides ongoing maintenance of applications and support of applications in production environment. Provides timely and complete project status reports to supervisor/team lead/project manager as requested.
Skills:
Strong Core Java skills. Strong JavaScript, JEE, JSP, JSF, AJAX, HTML, CSS, XML. Agile experience is a must. Solid experience in MVC, Spring, Struts, Hibernate (and other OR Mapping tools), Maven and ANT, .NET technologies, specifically C#, .NET Framework 2.0+ (or equivalent application technology/toolset) preferred but not essential
Good working knowledge of MS SQL Server, or other industry standard RDBMS Configuration management concepts, including expertise in leading version control tools Good working knowledge of application and web servers including Apache Tomcat Team player, positive attitude.
REQUIREMENTS
Experience:
Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering, or other equivalent subject Specialized training, certification, or equivalent work experience 5 year software development experience in Core Java Experience in Front End programming in Java Script Successfully participated in full development lifecycle of low-medium complexity projects. You must have strong Agile/SCRUM expertise.
Important/Candid note: Please only apply for the role if you fit the above skills and you have at least 5 years’ experience in core Java and Front End (Java script etc).
This role comes with Security Clearance. Please be aware you will need to take part in a Security Clearance for the UAE government to be considered for this role.
ABOUT THE COMPANY
Triage International was born from a very selective group of individuals from the Talent Management & Executive Search industry looking for one common goal, to be the best in what we do. Triage International is set up to cover all areas of Technology, Engineering, Manufacturing, Insurance, Finance, Shipping, and Retail related Industries.
In a business where quality attracts quality and results can be all that matter, Triage International becomes your partner of choice and your external ambassador, striving to give you a personalised solution in tune with your goals and ambitions.
Send
Candidates who applied for this job also applied for:
|
|