Microsoft
Net Architect Consultant job in UAE | Job ID: 948691 | oil and gas Job Search
Microsoft
Net Architect Consultant job in UAE
Rate
Type
Permanent
Location
UAE
Region
TX
Town
Houston
Required Residency
Posted By
Date Posted
1 May 2014
Expiry Date
31 May 2014
Job Reference
NB00265499_EXT_000
Job Description
Why Halliburton? How about global opportunities, interesting work within small cohesive teams, extensive training, and the opportunity to take your career wherever you want it to GO, with all the support and stability of a truly global organization. With more than 72,000 employees in approximately 80 countries, Halliburton is one of the largest and most respected energy services companies in the industry. Since 1919, our customers have relied on our industry-leading technologies, scientific expertise and, most importantly, our knowledgeable and experienced professionals to help them meet the world's demand for energy. Whether you are a new graduate seeking your first job, or an experienced professional looking to make a career change, we have fantastic opportunities across our organization. Are you ready to GO? Help energize the world. One oil company at a time. Are you tired of working at a job that offers you no motivation? Do you feel a need to put your Information Technology skills to use at more fulfilling level? If so, consider joining Halliburton as an IT Technical Architect Consultant. Take responsibility for the design of infrastructure systems relating to a specific area of technology. Your craftsmanship is essential to the efficient, productive work flow of others. The standards and policies you set will be designed to meet business needs, both specific and general. Establish a reputation for results that will be recognized and sought after throughout the organization. Manage complex multi-disciplined projects relating to a specific area of technology. Take advantage of the opportunity to work at your own pace. Join us and direct a diverse team of professionals and provide problem analysis and solutions for a specific area of technology. A bachelor's degree in computer science or equivalent and a minimum of 10 years of experience in a related area of technology are required for the position.- Solid understanding of .Net- Working knowledge of common design concepts such as n-tier, MVVM, Dependency Injection, etc.- Competency in accurately estimating "level of effort" for loosely defined tasks.- Demonstrated technical competency in other functional platform areas outside of .Net (analytics, SOA, infrastructure, etc)- Ability to analyze a problem at a high level, break it down into smaller units for analysis and document the result- Proficient communication (written and verbal) of abstract technical concepts to both technical and non-technical audiences- Experience in leading or working directly with an offshore development or testing team*LI-BD1 Halliburton is proud to be an equal opportunity employer.
Find Related oil and gas Jobs
Latest Halliburton Jobs
Related Job Searches
© 2014 Copyright Oil and Gas Job Search.com Limited :: Part of The Jobsearch Group
Follow us
--Web2--