Sr. Power Plant Operator jobs in WTS Energy in UAE - United Arab Emirates - Naukrigulf.com
Job Seekers Login:
|
Sr. Power Plant Operator
at WTS Energy in
-
Posted: May
1, 2014 Exp:
5 - 10
yrs.
| Opening(s): 1
Education: Basic - Diploma(Electrical)
Nationality: Any Nationality
Industry Type:
/
Functional Area:
/
Your Message could not be sent.
Your message has been sent
Job Description
Share
Job Purpose & Scope
Monitor and control the power plant on Zirku Island to acceptable operating standards according to the electrical load requirements in line with the procedures and standing instructions.
Principal Accountabilities
a.)
Operate and monitor the Gas Turbines ensuring plant is operated within defined parameters from the control center (ZCC).
b.)
Start and synchronize the turbines in established procedure, tackle emergency situations and take a quick and safe corrective action in case of plant upsets.
c.)
Take immediate decisions and act as the first intervention authority for efficient & smooth power plant operation, continuously monitor the power consumption of Zirku Island and regulate the power generation accordingly.
d.)
Work independent particularly during night shift and take immediate action for proper power plant operations
e.)
Continuously interact with the plant shift supervisors & Senior Panel Operators regarding the startup and stopping of the High-Voltage motors.
f.)
Monitor the power distribution network, UPS units and report all abnormalities to the electric engineers.
g.)
Prepare daily and monthly reports for Power & Fuel consumption, Fired time and operating data and events and Maintain log book.
h.)
Coordinate with plant shift supervisors, Senior Panel Operators and Utility Operators regarding Gas/Diesel lining up and availabilities.
i.)
Contribute in performance test of the turbines and prepare relevant data and reports.
j.)
Initiate work requests for the maintenance of the Mark-V control panels, and power distribution panel.
k.)
Monitor the voltage & frequency fluctuations of the electrical network continuously and respond to maintain the stability of the electrical grid.
l.)
Monitor the voltage & frequency fluctuations of the electrical network continuously and respond to maintain the stability of the electrical grid.
m.)
Monitor and identify the alarms and faults from electrical substations and equipments, and inform electrical team as per the on-call duty roster
n.)
Manipulate corrective load sharing adjustments in line with load requirement & air pressure regulations.
o.)
Carry out the job function in accordance with HSE commitment and policy to achieve strategic objectives and targets stipulated in ZADCO HSE management system document.
Desired Candidate Profile
Qualification & Experience
a)
Completion of Secondary technical education (12 years) + Electrical Diploma (2 years).
b)
5 years experience in Oil industry as Electrical technician, with 3 years experiences as power plant operator either in refinery or Petrochemicals.
c)
Very good knowledge of English (written and spoken).
Organizational Relationships (Work Contacts)
Regular contacts with Electrical Operation engineers, Electrical Senior Technicians, Plant shift supervisors, Process & Utilities Panel Operators, Turbine Engineers, Turbine senior technicians and instrument senior technicians and Technicians.
IO and Decision Making Authority
Additional Details
Carries out duties with established plant operating procedures and technical standards. Responsible for coordinating work of field utilities operators, turbine mechanical team, Electrical operations team, Senior panel operators.
Expected to use his initiative in non-routine or emergency situations
Keyword: Sr. Power Plant Operator Gas Turbines plant power plant operation plant operator steam operator factory operator
|
Company Profile
WTS Energy is the leading Consultant/Manpower Supply company to the International Oil, Gas an Energy industry. We supply Consultants to the Projects and Operations of our Clients. We also perform Outsourcing Services like Project Recruitment Campaigns and Workforce Management in Oil and Gas regions around the world. We operate globally with offices in 12 countries.
Disclaimer: Naukrigulf.com is only a platform to bring jobseekers & employers together. Applicants are advised to research the bonafides of the prospective employer independently. We do NOT endorse any requests for money payments and strictly advice against sharing personal or bank related information.We also recommend you visit
for more information. If you suspect any fraud or malpractice, email us at
To*
From*
Subject*
Email:
Password:
Upload a latest profile photo
A CV with photo has 40% higher chances of getting noticed by employers
Upload Profile Photo
This is how your profile photo will look like.To make adjustments, you can drag around and resize the yellow dashed-square on the right panel.
When you are satisfied with your photo click the "Save Photo" button.
Browse Jobs by
Jobs By Location
Jobs By Category
Job Seekers
Recruiters
Partner Sites
Company
Information
All rights reserved © 2001-
2014 Info Edge (India) Ltd.