Doha, Qatar –HOTEL GUEST RELATION OFFICERS (OPERA TRAINED) [5 nos] jobs in Hozpitality Consulting in UAE - United Arab Emirates - Naukrigulf.com
Job Seekers Login:
|
Doha, Qatar –HOTEL GUEST RELATION OFFICERS (OPERA TRAINED) [5 nos]
at Hozpitality Consulting in
-
Posted: Apr 29, 2014 Exp:
2 - 4
yrs.
| Opening(s): 1
Education: Basic - Diploma(Hotel Management), Bachelor of Hotel Management(Hotel Management)
Gender: Not Mentioned
Industry Type:
/
/
/
Functional Area:
/
/
/
Your Message could not be sent.
Your message has been sent
Job Description
Share
Doha, Qatar –HOTEL GUEST RELATION OFFICERS (OPERA TRAINED) [5 nos] – 01wnd41For a renowned 5 star property in DOHA, QATARLocation: Doha, QatarIndustry: HospitalityDepartment: Front OfficeMin. exp. in same role: 2 yearsMin. exp. in same industry: 3 yearsEducation: Degree/ Hotel ManagementSalary: QR 1,700 plus meals, accommodation and other hotel benefitsAdditional details:• Preferably European candidates.• Willing to relocate to Doha, Qatar• Must have good command of English language.• Must have at least 2 years experience in a similar role within a 4 to 5 star hotel.• Experience in OPERA system• Greet and register incoming guests.• Process guest folios and collect payment.• Administer and manage cash handling responsibilities.• Handle guest requests and concerns promptly and with courtesy.• Assist guests with any inquiries regarding local entertainment, restaurants or transportation.• Maintain efficient and effective flow of information with guests and all internal departments.• Handle additional duties as needed by guests or management
Keyword:
Qatar –HOTEL GUEST RELATION OFFICERS (OPERA TRAINED) [5 nos]
|
Company Profile
Hozpitality Consulting
Contact Details
Website
Disclaimer: Naukrigulf.com is only a platform to bring jobseekers & employers together. Applicants are advised to research the bonafides of the prospective employer independently. We do NOT endorse any requests for money payments and strictly advice against sharing personal or bank related information.We also recommend you visit
for more information. If you suspect any fraud or malpractice, email us at
To*
From*
Subject*
Email:
Password:
Upload a latest profile photo
A CV with photo has 40% higher chances of getting noticed by employers
Upload Profile Photo
This is how your profile photo will look like.To make adjustments, you can drag around and resize the yellow dashed-square on the right panel.
When you are satisfied with your photo click the "Save Photo" button.
Browse Jobs by
Jobs By Location
Jobs By Category
Job Seekers
Recruiters
Partner Sites
Company
Information
All rights reserved © 2001-
2014 Info Edge (India) Ltd.