F & B Captain jobs in Hozpitality Consulting in UAE - United Arab Emirates - Naukrigulf.com
Job Seekers Login:
|
F & B Captain
at Hozpitality Consulting in
-
Posted: Apr 29, 2014 Exp:
2 - 4
yrs.
| Opening(s): 1
Education: Basic - Bachelor of Hotel Management(Hotel Management)
Gender: Not Mentioned
Industry Type:
/
/
/
Functional Area:
/
/
/
Your Message could not be sent.
Your message has been sent
Job Description
Share
Bin Majid Hotels & Resorts is a growing chain of hotels in the UAE with 26 years of experience in the tourism industry. Our properties, from Abu Dhabi to the Northern Emirates, enjoy a status of prominent destinations with its breathtaking landmarks, premium hospitality, while servicing both business and leisure travelers in an unforgettable experience. The brand currently has 5 hotels under its wings-Beach Resort,Beach Hotel,Accacia and Mangrove-all locatedin the emirate of Ras Al Kaimah,a booming tourist destination, and Nehal in Abu Dhabi. As a part of the expansion plan,the Santorini, located at Marjan Island in Ras Al Khaimah, is scheduled to open by end of 2013.If you are looking to start a career at a fast paced innovative company with loads of opportunity, then look no further than Bin Majid Group. We are growing rapidly and are looking for motivated, talented
and proactive individuals to join our team.Mangrove Hotel: Fun and Enjoyment of a LifetimeThis exquisite 4-star Mangrove Hotel is ideally set just five minutes away from the heart of the city, the majestic mountains as well as some of the historical sites of Arabia. An ideal city hotel in Ras Al Khaimah choice for both holiday seekers and business people, the Mangrove Hotel boasts a range of 186 rooms and suites, some with breathtaking views of the mangrove and ocean, all tastefully furnished and equipped to international standardsJob Requirements:
Perform task in close cooperation with key service departments
Monitor duty schedules for the respective team
Work within the team to prepare all mise-en-place according to 24 hours service requirements
Ensure proper appearance and grooming while on duty
Good knowledge of the F & B Products
Report cleanliness and maintenance issues
Attend regular training session in line with the departmental SOP’s
Familiar with the company’s internal policies and safety procedures
Keyword: F & B Captain
|
Company Profile
Hozpitality Consulting
Contact Details
Website
Disclaimer: Naukrigulf.com is only a platform to bring jobseekers & employers together. Applicants are advised to research the bonafides of the prospective employer independently. We do NOT endorse any requests for money payments and strictly advice against sharing personal or bank related information.We also recommend you visit
for more information. If you suspect any fraud or malpractice, email us at
To*
From*
Subject*
Email:
Password:
Upload a latest profile photo
A CV with photo has 40% higher chances of getting noticed by employers
Upload Profile Photo
This is how your profile photo will look like.To make adjustments, you can drag around and resize the yellow dashed-square on the right panel.
When you are satisfied with your photo click the "Save Photo" button.
Browse Jobs by
Jobs By Location
Jobs By Category
Job Seekers
Recruiters
Partner Sites
Company
Information
All rights reserved © 2001-
2014 Info Edge (India) Ltd.