Cost Enginerer job in UAE | Job ID: 948630 | oil and gas Job Search
Cost Enginerer job in UAE
Rate
Type
Contract
Location
UAE
Region
Town
Das Island
Required Residency
Posted By
Date Posted
1 May 2014
Expiry Date
9 May 2014
Job Reference
43535
Job Description
Purpose
The purpose is to supervise, coordinate, monitor and report all the activities related to Capital, Major Revenue and Operating Budget for all Das based Divisions and Departments.
Scope
Successful applicants must demonstrate hands-on experience with solid analytical capability and excellent communications skills in the following areas:
Prepare and examine cost estimates for all Capital & Major Revenue proposals.
Develop Cost Estimating relationships that integrate cost, technical and schedule parameters.
Prepare and compile Capital & Major Revenue Budget and five-year plans.
Prepare and compile OUR CLIENT Das Island Operating Budget dossier.
Monitoring and analysis of Capital & Operating Expenditure of all Plant Divisions.
Knowledge in the creation of commercial section of contracts.
Evaluate Commercial Bids under LPCC limit (below $150K) and recommend for contract award from the Technically qualified bidders.
Contracts administration, Vendor Invoice Verification, Preparation of Variation orders, issue of PAC, FAC etc.
Applicant must have working knowledge of Cost Estimating using ICARUS or similar estimating software.
Should be able to create/develop and maintain various cost estimating databases.
Establish cost control, report cost variation to Management and
produce various monthly cost reports.
Should be well acquainted with planning & scheduling packages i.e. Primavera P3e, MS Project and SAP.
Applicants with knowledge of activity based costing and value engineering tools will be given preference.
Provide conceptual and detailed life cycle cost estimates of various capital projects and maintenance tasks.
Develop and apply Cost Risk Analysis tools and methodologies i.e. developing and maintaining Cost Risk/ Opportunity and Risk mitigation procedures, methods and systems for cost estimates.
Success in this position in addition to the above will call for:
Experience in quantitative data analysis, benchmarking and parametric cost modelling.
Ability to communicate effectively across the organization and with outside Engineering and Construction firms.
A team player with strong leadership skills.
Proactive attitude.
Problem solving, negotiating and conflict resolution skills.
Ability to prepare presentable technical reports for management using spreadsheets, word processing, and data base software packages.
Minimum Requirements:
B.Sc. in Mechanical Engineering or Equivalent.
6 years practical experience in Project Controls/Cost Engineering in the hydrocarbon process industry with minimum 3 years in Supervisory position. Must also be familiar with industry standard computer application for cost control and estimating.
Good knowledge of written and spoken English.
Age less than 50Years.
Remuneration Package:
Work cycle: 5/2 (i.e. 5 days ‘on’ Das Island followed by 2 days ‘off’ in Abu Dhabi).
Messing and accommodation will be provided free of charge while on the Island.
Qualifications
Technical Certification or equivalent
Find Related oil and gas Jobs
Latest WTS Energy Jobs
Related Job Searches
© 2014 Copyright Oil and Gas Job Search.com Limited :: Part of The Jobsearch Group
Follow us
--Web2--