GulfTalent.com
Arabic Legal Secretary
Miller Hay
Abu Dhabi, UAE
Posted on: 1 May 2014
THE ROLE
Expand all
A privately owned investment company in Abu Dhabi is currently looking for an Arabic Legal Secretary to join their team.
This role will offer the opportunity to work in a busy and fast paced environment.
It will include the usual administration and secretarial duties such as letter writing, typing, screening emails and calls, diary and travel management. You will also collate and prepare presentations, assist the Legal Counsel with communications with the Company’s regulators and undertake project and research work as required.
You must also be able to build and maintain working relationships with other members of the team and the subsidiary companies staff members.
This role is based in Abu Dhabi and will pay a salary of AED 20,000 - 25,000.
REQUIREMENTS
Essential attributes of the successful candidate will include:
- Extremely high levels of organization.
- Fluent in Arabic.
- Proactive and capable of working in a strongly team orientated environment.
- Superb spoken, written English communication skills
- A positive and mature approach to work
- A team player
- Minimum of three years legal secretarial experience is essential.
- Must be competent in the use of MS Office
Excellent benefits offered.
ABOUT THE COMPANY
Miller Hay is a privately owned boutique recruitment consultancy specialising in providing clients with secretarial and professional office support staff. We are experienced in placing top level Executive Assistants, Office Managers, Legal Secretaries, Administrators and Receptionists on a permanent and contract basis. Our range of industry sectors includes banking and financial services, professional services, FMCG and commercial as well as supporting the private offices of HNWI.
Located in the Dubai International Financial Centre (DIFC) our team is dedicated to supporting our clients in the region.
With a passion for uncompromising quality, Miller Hay has a market-leading reputation for providing an honest, transparent and personal service where the long term needs of clients and candidates take priority over all else.
Send
Candidates who applied for this job also applied for:
|
|