Sales Director / Deputy Managing Director Job in Dubai - Manpower Middle East - Bayt.com
OK
Cancel
Loading...
Loading...
Jobs
Jobs
Salaries
People Companies Specialties
- All -
- All -Algeria (12)Bahrain (115)Dubai (1555)Egypt (495)Iraq (81)Jordan (390)Kuwait (740)Lebanon (249)Libya (16)Morocco (12)Oman (96)Pakistan (33)Qatar (1055)Saudi Arabia (2766)Sri Lanka (62)Tunisia (6)UAE (3582)Yemen (3)
Loading...
Menu - []
›
› Job Description
Sales Director / Deputy Managing Director
- ,
Date Posted: 2014/05/01 11:31:54
Ref. JB3046280
Job Description
Our client, a multinational Automotive company is seeking a Sales Director / Deputy Managing Director. You will be directly reporting to the Managing Director - Middle East
Mission and main challenges
•	Development & implementation of a long-term sales strategy for the region to ensure the best performance at both importer’s and distributor’s level.
•	Development & implementation of effective sales and distribution principles (targets, processes, etc.) to contribute towards the achievement of the overall objectives of the Company’s brand and the company goals.
•	Full responsibility for achievement of Retail Sales Targets, fleet sales targets, used car development Market share targets and respect of Tactical Budgets
Responsibilities/Tasks and Customers:
Main Tasks (relating products, services ...):
•	Definition & implementation of the long-term sales strategy (strategic measures, fields of action to increase Company’s market share in the premium segment in Near/Middle East)
•	Define production allocation and planning of the annual sales volumes per market. Ensure that the agreed allocation of production is filled in accordance with the targets
•	Sales, production and distribution planning:
o Planning of the short, mid, and long term sales targets based on market & model potentials including the management of AKMO, AKPO and MPL
o Negotiating and agree annual sales volumes for the region with the partners
o Planning of sales channel, model & option mix
o Preparation and revision of the volume plan
•	Definition & implementation of sales promotion campaigns including bonus & margin system to exploit full potential of the Market
•	Manage, establish & maintain effective relationships with key customer for Fleet Sales including preparation of Fleet Tenders
•	Development & implementation of used car business including introduction of the Company Approved Plus to the region and continued improvement and monitoring.
•	Planning and controlling of the Retail Company’s and fleet sales budget as well as complementary department expense budgets
•	Maximize additional support to achieve agreed targets
•	Managing product price department to ensure the markets are sufficiently competitive and exploited
•	Direct and manage customers’ (final customer, dealers) inquires and complaints
•	Regular business meetings with partners in order to agree on volume and measures for target achievement, consult markets regarding sales related issues
•	Development all necessary procedure and processes for the sales department
Main Tasks (relating products, services ...)
•	Manage, prepare and participate in AC meetings.
•	Responsibility of LAP volume planning.
•	Management and preparation of mix planning
•	Manage Sale team and ensure that all the relevant functions and tasks are implemented and complemented. Also ensure that a clear succession plan is in place and adequate training and guidance is provided. Ensure that all KPIs, goals and targets of the sales team are met in a timely manner.
•	Present a market by market specific report to MD and AG monthly.
•	Complete management of dealer standards implementation by way of field force in regards to sales.
•	Effectively communicate with all divisions of the Company in the Middle East
•	Act as Managing Director of the Company in the Middle East in certain cases.
•	Conduct from time to time press interviews in a professional and premium manner.
•	Ensure that all markets are actively promoting all products efficiently to full exploit the market potential. Close liaison with Company’s marketing is necessary to be effective.
•	Manage Audi exclusive penetration within the markets.
•	Continually look for opportunities to gain on top volume and increased market share
•	Develop, manage and build a premium business relationship with the partner network in the Middle East.
Skills
Knowledge, Skills and Abilities required:
Ability to lead and develop people, excellent communication, presentation, and interpersonal skills, excellent written and verbal communication skills in English (Arabic/German is an advantage), overall understanding of the automotive industry
Desired Qualification:
Bachelor or master degree in business administration, marketing or any related fields. Management assessment by the Company’s AG
Desired Experience:
The holder of the position is responsible for his/her own actions within the framework of the duties assigned to him/her. In fulfilling the requirements of the job description, he/she will also be expected to perform tasks which, due to their irregular occurrence, are not included in the job description but which by their nature are part of the job. He/she is entitled to request information about the tasks assigned to him/her from his/her superior. He/she must report significant events occurring within his/her area of responsibility to his/her superior without prompting and must provide/obtain the inter-functional information necessary for ensuring efficient completion of tasks
Job Details
Job Location:
Dubai, United Arab Emirates
Company Industry:
Automotive; Transportation
Company Type:
Employer (Private Sector)
Job Role:
Management
Joining Date:
Unspecified
Employment Status:
Unspecified
Employment Type:
Unspecified
Monthly Salary Range:
Unspecified
Manages Others:
Unspecified
Number of Vacancies:
1
Preferred Candidate
Career Level:
Management
Years of Experience:
Unspecified
Residence Location:
Unspecified
Gender:
Unspecified
Nationality:
Unspecified
Degree:
Unspecified
About This Company
ManpowerGroup was first established in Wisconsin in 1948 and has grown to become a world leader in the employment services industry; creating and delivering services that enable its clients to win in the changing world of work. Manpower has 4,500 offices worldwide in 80 countries and territories and put over a million people into work every day. We offer clients a range of services for the entire employment and business cycle including permanent, temporary and contract recruitment; employee assessment and selection; training; outplacement; outsourcing and consulting.
Date Posted: 2014/05/01 11:31:54
Ref. JB3046280
Recommended Courses
Invite Your
Friends to Bayt.com
Find Jobs
About Bayt.com
Bayt.com is the leading job site in the Gulf and Middle East, connecting job seekers with employers looking to hire.
Every day, thousands of new job vacancies are listed on the award-winning platform from the region's top employers.
Company
Quick Links
Follow
© 2000-2014 Bayt.com, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
-
Reproduction of material from any Bayt.com pages without written permission is strictly prohibited.