PR Manager Job in Dubai - Manpower Middle East - Bayt.com
OK
Cancel
Loading...
Loading...
Jobs
Jobs
Salaries
People Companies Specialties
- All -
- All -Algeria (12)Bahrain (115)Dubai (1555)Egypt (495)Iraq (81)Jordan (390)Kuwait (740)Lebanon (249)Libya (16)Morocco (12)Oman (96)Pakistan (33)Qatar (1055)Saudi Arabia (2766)Sri Lanka (62)Tunisia (6)UAE (3582)Yemen (3)
Loading...
Menu - []
›
› Job Description
PR Manager
- ,
Date Posted: 2014/05/01 11:30:14
Ref. JB3046278
Job Description
Our client, a luxury automotive brand, is looking for a dynamic and experienced PR Manager to be based in Dubai, UAE.
The PR Manager is responsible for enhancing the image of our clients' overall and its products in the market through media relations and customer relations activities and execution. The individual will manage all day-to-day PR initiatives, act as principal liaison with the relevant third party suppliers, and develop and maintain external PR relations as appropriate.
Key Accountabilities:
Goal Setting and Strategy Formulation
• In collaboration with the Marketing & Communication Director, identify and recommend company initiatives/strategies and develop goals that can be addressed through Public Relations
• Review goals, strategies and strategic advice from local management as appropriate
• Manage PR budgets for GCC markets
Customer Relations
• In collaboration with the Marketing team, conceptualize image events with local management; develop event flow
• Coordinate event logistics (invitation design, guest lists, RSVPs, gifts)
• Manage contact with external suppliers (caterers, florists)
• Brief all departments involved in the organization of PR events (Sales Management, Merchandising, Operations, and Security etc.)
• Manage the maintenance of clients database with Direct Marketing to ensure it is used to maximum effect for events and sales opportunities on an ongoing basis
• Assess ROI and event effectiveness
• Develop and manage Events in GCC. Strengthen relationship with potential clients
• Public Relations
• Be aware of all trends within the luxury automotive industry and share best practices
Media Relations
• Proactively manage and develop suitable media relations with key publications (print and online); conduct regular press appointments
• Pitch and coordinate product loans for photo-shoots; attend photo-shoots where necessary
• Draft creative press assets (press releases, feature stories, speeches, Q&As;, etc.) in conjunction with the team – EM
• Manage coordination and execution of press events
• Develop and manage the maintenance of local and regional media database. Draft creative press assets in both English & Arabic languages (press releases. Feature stories, speeches, Q&As;, etc.)
• Align key messages, support with translations and press material development/adaptations for GCC, organization of Interview Request Forms, compiling year end reports, support all publication credits, manage press kits, and support information requests from Head Office
Administration
• Regular communication with Head Office and Director Marketing
• Participation in monthly/quarterly reporting: PR, media monitoring, Interactive
• Monitoring measurement of PR campaigns through pre-determined KPIs
• Support Director with budget tracking and analysis and new processes implementation
Skills
Required and Preferred Qualifications
-University degree
- Minimum 3 years in PR, Middle East experience
- Excellent analytical and communication skills
- Excellent writing skills in both English and Arabic
- Computer literate to include Microsoft Office
- Excellent understanding of luxury brands
Job Details
Job Location:
Dubai, United Arab Emirates
Company Industry:
Automotive; Transportation; Planning
Company Type:
Employer (Private Sector)
Job Role:
Marketing/PR
Joining Date:
Unspecified
Employment Status:
Unspecified
Employment Type:
Unspecified
Monthly Salary Range:
Unspecified
Manages Others:
Unspecified
Number of Vacancies:
1
Preferred Candidate
Career Level:
Management
Years of Experience:
Unspecified
Residence Location:
Unspecified
Gender:
Unspecified
Nationality:
Unspecified
Degree:
Unspecified
About This Company
ManpowerGroup was first established in Wisconsin in 1948 and has grown to become a world leader in the employment services industry; creating and delivering services that enable its clients to win in the changing world of work. Manpower has 4,500 offices worldwide in 80 countries and territories and put over a million people into work every day. We offer clients a range of services for the entire employment and business cycle including permanent, temporary and contract recruitment; employee assessment and selection; training; outplacement; outsourcing and consulting.
Date Posted: 2014/05/01 11:30:14
Ref. JB3046278
Similar Jobs
Confidential Company - ,
Recommended Courses
Invite Your
Friends to Bayt.com
Find Jobs
About Bayt.com
Bayt.com is the leading job site in the Gulf and Middle East, connecting job seekers with employers looking to hire.
Every day, thousands of new job vacancies are listed on the award-winning platform from the region's top employers.
Company
Quick Links
Follow
© 2000-2014 Bayt.com, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
-
Reproduction of material from any Bayt.com pages without written permission is strictly prohibited.