Fleet Sales Manager Job in Dubai - Manpower Middle East - Bayt.com
OK
Cancel
Loading...
Loading...
Jobs
Jobs
Salaries
People Companies Specialties
- All -
- All -Algeria (12)Bahrain (115)Dubai (1555)Egypt (495)Iraq (81)Jordan (390)Kuwait (740)Lebanon (249)Libya (16)Morocco (12)Oman (96)Pakistan (33)Qatar (1055)Saudi Arabia (2766)Sri Lanka (62)Tunisia (6)UAE (3582)Yemen (3)
Loading...
Menu - []
›
› Job Description
Fleet Sales Manager
- ,
Date Posted: 2014/05/01 11:25:30
Ref. JB3046274
Job Description
A leading multinational automotive organization is seeking to recruit an Fleet Sales Manager for its Middle East Office in Dubai.. The right candidate will be responsible of Fleet Sales strategy execution to achieve the regional sales targets. You will also be responsible of the improvement of the quality of operations and focus on customer satisfaction.
The job will require the below responsibilities:
• Improve quality and performance of Fleet Department administration.
• Meet the needs of dealerships and business customers through a system of regular contacts and follow up.
• Send communications to and from the appropriate corporate and dealership staff, in a timely, effective, and data driven manner.
• Ensure adequate competitive information and price build-ups are provided to the company, by dealers, when requesting for Fleet assistance price support.
• Help dealerships deliver timely, professional written proposals to customers that clearly outline the level of customer service provided, vehicle specifications, delivery dates and expiration date of offer.
• Monitor delivery commitments are met; includes tracking orders to ensure scheduling, production and shipment dates are met.
Other key responsibilities :
• Ensure customer satisfaction sales standards are met.
• Evaluate dealer-operating performance and advise Regional management when actions are required.
• Provide expert knowledge and assistance to dealers & sales managers on potential fleet business.
• Responsible for supporting and improving dealership services to business customers.
• Manage fleet department communications.
• Consistently monitor and report on department volume & profitability objectives.
• Assist Regional efforts with targeting markets and business sectors.
• Lead generation and customer inquiries for regional and dealer sales forces.
• Coordinate marketing events for fleet customers.
Skills
To be considered for this opportunity you must have the following skills and attributes
•	7 to 15 years of experience in the Automotive Industry
•	Good understanding of the regional market
•	Business and Financial Acumen
•	Excellent Communication Skills in English
Job Details
Job Location:
Dubai, United Arab Emirates
Company Industry:
Automotive; Transportation; Sales
Company Type:
Employer (Private Sector)
Job Role:
Management
Joining Date:
Unspecified
Employment Status:
Unspecified
Employment Type:
Unspecified
Monthly Salary Range:
Unspecified
Manages Others:
Unspecified
Number of Vacancies:
1
Preferred Candidate
Career Level:
Management
Years of Experience:
Unspecified
Residence Location:
Unspecified
Gender:
Unspecified
Nationality:
Unspecified
Degree:
Unspecified
About This Company
ManpowerGroup was first established in Wisconsin in 1948 and has grown to become a world leader in the employment services industry; creating and delivering services that enable its clients to win in the changing world of work. Manpower has 4,500 offices worldwide in 80 countries and territories and put over a million people into work every day. We offer clients a range of services for the entire employment and business cycle including permanent, temporary and contract recruitment; employee assessment and selection; training; outplacement; outsourcing and consulting.
Date Posted: 2014/05/01 11:25:30
Ref. JB3046274
Similar Jobs
Recommended Courses
Invite Your
Friends to Bayt.com
Find Jobs
About Bayt.com
Bayt.com is the leading job site in the Gulf and Middle East, connecting job seekers with employers looking to hire.
Every day, thousands of new job vacancies are listed on the award-winning platform from the region's top employers.
Company
Quick Links
Follow
© 2000-2014 Bayt.com, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
-
Reproduction of material from any Bayt.com pages without written permission is strictly prohibited.