PA/ Communications Exec French speaking Job in Dubai - Manpower Middle East - Bayt.com
OK
Cancel
Loading...
Loading...
Jobs
Jobs
Salaries
People Companies Specialties
- All -
- All -Algeria (12)Bahrain (115)Dubai (1555)Egypt (495)Iraq (81)Jordan (390)Kuwait (740)Lebanon (249)Libya (16)Morocco (12)Oman (96)Pakistan (33)Qatar (1055)Saudi Arabia (2766)Sri Lanka (62)Tunisia (6)UAE (3582)Yemen (3)
Loading...
Menu - []
›
› Job Description
PA/ Communications Exec French speaking
- ,
Date Posted: 2014/05/01 11:22:33
Ref. JB3046272
Job Description
A world leader in security based on smart card technology and associated services. Through innovation and excellence in service, they deliver value to business customers with profitable models and clear benefits for end-users. Their clients are spread around the world and belong in many cases to global organisations. They include mobile operators, financial institutions, governments, transport operators, corporates and conditional access system providers. The products and services our client develop address the ever-changing needs of the payment, mobile, identity, transport, convergence and digital TV market segments. They are currentl y recruiting for a PA. You will be directly reporting to the Managing Director t
Mission:
Ensure tasks pertaining to the Payment business unit and supporting managing Director are duely and efficiently undertaken to support Payment team activities in the region.
Responsibilities:
•	Coordinate details of events such as conferences, anniversaries, charity events, , trade shows, sales meetings, business meetings, employee appreciation events and virtual events.
•	Coordinate and monitor event timelines and ensure deadlines are met.
•	Initiates, coordinates and/or participates in all efforts to publicize event.
•	Prepare presentations.
•	Send out invitations and manage RSVP list
•	Manage correspondence.
•	Coordinate event logistics, including registration and attendee tracking, presentation and materials support and pre- and post-event evaluations
•	Maintains executive's appointment schedule by planning and scheduling meetings, conferences, teleconferences, and travel.
•	Using a range of office software, including email, spreadsheets and databases;
•	Manage filing systems;
•	Prepares reports by collecting and analyzing information
•	Applying and implementing new administrative systems, such as record management; leave management
•	Keep track of Payment team travel arrangements, approvals and expenses
•	Holding meetings with senior management and take minutes;
•	Liaising with other administrative teams;
•	Writing reports for senior management, which may include reports on finances, staff performance, service development or an annual review;
•	Responding to customer enquiries and complaints;
•	Arranging regular testing for electrical equipment and safety devices;
•	Attending conferences and training;
•	Maintains customer confidence and protects operations by keeping information confidential
•	Welcomes guests and customers by greeting them, in person or on the telephone; answering or directing inquiries
•	Represents the executive by attending meetings in the executive's absence; speaking for the executive
•	Produces information by transcribing, formatting, inputting, editing, retrieving, copying, and transmitting text, data, and graphics.
•	Conserves executive's time by reading, researching, and routing correspondence; drafting letters and documents; collecting and analyzing information; initiating telecommunications.
Skills
CANDIDATE PROFILE
The ideal candidate must hold a Bachelor's Degree in Administration or any related field. You will have 5+ years of experience in Executive Support / Office Management. Knowledge in meeting agenda, minutes and scheduling and prioritizing are essential for this role. You must have good drafting and letter writing skills. Excellent knowledge with computer applications as well as possessing fluency in the English language is a MUST .
Job Details
Job Location:
Dubai, United Arab Emirates
Company Industry:
Information Technology; Secretarial; Administration
Company Type:
Employer (Private Sector)
Job Role:
Secretarial
Joining Date:
Unspecified
Employment Status:
Unspecified
Employment Type:
Unspecified
Monthly Salary Range:
Unspecified
Manages Others:
Unspecified
Number of Vacancies:
1
Preferred Candidate
Career Level:
Mid Career
Years of Experience:
Unspecified
Residence Location:
Unspecified
Gender:
Unspecified
Nationality:
Unspecified
Degree:
Unspecified
About This Company
ManpowerGroup was first established in Wisconsin in 1948 and has grown to become a world leader in the employment services industry; creating and delivering services that enable its clients to win in the changing world of work. Manpower has 4,500 offices worldwide in 80 countries and territories and put over a million people into work every day. We offer clients a range of services for the entire employment and business cycle including permanent, temporary and contract recruitment; employee assessment and selection; training; outplacement; outsourcing and consulting.
Date Posted: 2014/05/01 11:22:33
Ref. JB3046272
Recommended Courses
Invite Your
Friends to Bayt.com
Find Jobs
About Bayt.com
Bayt.com is the leading job site in the Gulf and Middle East, connecting job seekers with employers looking to hire.
Every day, thousands of new job vacancies are listed on the award-winning platform from the region's top employers.
Company
Quick Links
Follow
© 2000-2014 Bayt.com, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
-
Reproduction of material from any Bayt.com pages without written permission is strictly prohibited.