Senior Accountant Job in Dubai - The Ritz-Carlton DIFC - Bayt.com
OK
Cancel
Loading...
Loading...
Jobs
Jobs
Salaries
People Companies Specialties
- All -
- All -Algeria (12)Bahrain (115)Dubai (1555)Egypt (495)Iraq (81)Jordan (390)Kuwait (740)Lebanon (249)Libya (16)Morocco (12)Oman (96)Pakistan (33)Qatar (1055)Saudi Arabia (2766)Sri Lanka (62)Tunisia (6)UAE (3582)Yemen (3)
Loading...
Menu - []
›
› Job Description
Senior Accountant
- ,
Date Posted: 2014/05/01 12:17:55
Ref. JB3046306
Job Description
Supports the day-to-day execution of general ledger impacted processes, including support to clients/departments as they work with and understand these processes. Performs accounting functions specifically in the areas of account balancing, ledger reconciliation, reporting and discrepancy resolution. Works with other Finance and Accounting employees in areas relating to general ledgers, subsidiary ledgers and related reporting.
CORE WORK ACTIVITIES
Managing Work, Projects, and Policies
• Coordinates and implements accounting work and projects as assigned.
• Coordinates, implements and follows up on Accounting SOP audits for all areas of the property.
• Complies with Federal and State laws applying to fraud and collection procedures.
• Generates and provides accurate and timely results in the form of reports, presentations, etc.
• Analyzes information and evaluates results to choose the best solution and solve problems.
• Compiles, codes, categorizes, calculates, tabulates, audits, or verifies information or data.
• Balances credit card ledgers.
• Verifies contracts for groups and performs credit reference checks for direct billed groups if necessary.
Maintaining Finance and Accounting Goals
• Achieves and exceeds goals including performance goals, budget goals, team goals, etc.
• Develops specific goals and plans to prioritize, organize, and accomplish your work.
• Submits reports in a timely manner, ensuring delivery deadlines.
• Ensures profits and losses are documented accurately.
• Monitors all taxes that apply, ensuring that taxes are current, collected and/or accrued.
• Maintains a strong accounting and operational control environment to safeguard assets.
• Completes period end function each period.
• Provide direction and assistance to other organizational units regarding accounting and budgeting policies and procedures, and efficient control and utilization of financial resources.
Demonstrating and Applying Accounting Knowledge
• Demonstrates knowledge of job-relevant issues, products, systems, and processes.
• Demonstrates knowledge of return check procedures.
• Demonstrates knowledge of the Gross Revenue Report.
• Demonstrates knowledge and proficiency with write off procedures.
• Demonstrates knowledge and proficiency with consolidated deposit procedures.
• Keeps up-to-date technically and applying new knowledge to your job.
• Uses computers and computer systems (including hardware and software) to program, write software, set up functions, enter data, or process information.
• Uses relevant information and individual judgment to determine whether events or processes comply with laws, regulations, or standards.
Skills
• 4-year bachelor's degree in Finance and Accounting or related major; no work experience required.
Job Details
Job Location:
Dubai, United Arab Emirates
Company Industry:
Hospitality/Tourism/Travel
Company Type:
Employer (Private Sector)
Job Role:
Accounting/Banking/Finance
Joining Date:
Unspecified
Employment Status:
Full time
Employment Type:
Employee
Monthly Salary Range:
Unspecified
Manages Others:
Unspecified
Number of Vacancies:
1
Preferred Candidate
Career Level:
Mid Career
Years of Experience:
Min: 3
Residence Location:
United Arab Emirates
Gender:
Unspecified
Nationality:
Unspecified
Degree:
Unspecified
About This Company
Set in a vibrant and exciting city, poised on the brink of becoming the world's foremost leisure and business destinations, The Ritz-Carlton, Dubai International Financial Centre offers a dynamic setting and opulent retreat for any traveler. Standing 14 stories high, the hotel epitomizes understated luxury and elegance behind its handsome limestone facade. Guests enjoy a string of sumptuous amenities, a direct walkway to The Gate which is the heart of the Financial Centre, plus the added convenience of the city of Dubai at their fingertips. Hotel features include 341 guestrooms and suites including two Ritz-Carlton Suites, 124 serviced apartments ranging in size from 125 to 350 square meters and featuring one to four bedroom, furnished luxury units, a signature Thai fine-dining restaurant, a French brasserie, an elegant steakhouse, a Lobby Lounge, Bar, a 1,400 square meter ballroom with a separate entrance, 10 additional function rooms, health club, spa, and indoor and outdoor swimming pools.
Date Posted: 2014/05/01 12:17:55
Ref. JB3046306
Similar Jobs
Confidential Company -
Confidential Company - ,
Recommended Courses
Invite Your
Friends to Bayt.com
Find Jobs
About Bayt.com
Bayt.com is the leading job site in the Gulf and Middle East, connecting job seekers with employers looking to hire.
Every day, thousands of new job vacancies are listed on the award-winning platform from the region's top employers.
Company
Quick Links
Follow
© 2000-2014 Bayt.com, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
-
Reproduction of material from any Bayt.com pages without written permission is strictly prohibited.