Regional Sales Manager Job in Dubai - Manpower Middle East - Bayt.com
OK
Cancel
Loading...
Loading...
Jobs
Jobs
Salaries
People Companies Specialties
- All -
- All -Algeria (12)Bahrain (115)Dubai (1555)Egypt (495)Iraq (81)Jordan (390)Kuwait (740)Lebanon (249)Libya (16)Morocco (12)Oman (96)Pakistan (33)Qatar (1055)Saudi Arabia (2766)Sri Lanka (62)Tunisia (6)UAE (3582)Yemen (3)
Loading...
Menu - []
›
› Job Description
Regional Sales Manager
- ,
Date Posted: 2014/05/01 11:21:23
Ref. JB3046270
Job Description
Our client, a multinational Automotive company is seeking a Regional Sales Manager . You will be directly reporting to the Sales Director - Middle East
Mission and main challenges
Development of sales strategies for each allocated market, analysis of market and competitive situation and requirements, derivation of sales measures and tactical support with allocated monetary budgets. Driving and channeling product and price related topics, marketing activities and network/capacity topics incl. management and sales force development. Ensuring sales targets are met and in line with the strategic growth plan and targets.
Responsibilities/Tasks and Customers
Main Tasks (relating products, services ...) :
•	Managing relationship to dealer (sales organizations)
•	Establishing sales targets with dealers (quantitative and qualitative)
•	Distribution of tactical support budget and controlling of budget usage and effectiveness
•	Weekly and monthly controlling of sales performance on model level
•	Development of sales support activities (campaigns) on monthly and quarterly basis
•	Measurement of showroom activities (Enquiries, test drives, conversion rates per dealership and sales executive)
•	Ensuring the implementation of Company’s sales process
•	Implement measures to ensure customer satisfaction and loyalty (CSS, mystery shopping, performance coaching)
•	Weekly and monthly control of stock level and filling of production allocation
•	Definition of product and price requirements, . price positioning, option package structures and country settings for offered vehicles
•	Addressing market individual issues internally esp. customer complaints, product quality issues, product requirements and price positioning
•	Ensure thorough market knowledge through regular market visit/business meetings
•	Ensuring of fulfillment of sales standards as per General Distribution Agreement (GDA)
•	Drive marketing support in coordination with sales campaigns, product launches and market specific activities (. finance/leasing)
•	Pro-active definition of on-top volume opportunities in order to ensure market exploitation
KPI
•	Sales volume
•	Performance vs. budget, vs. previous year
•	Market Share achieved vs target)
•	Weekly / Monthly Sales Performance vs Targets)
•	Campaign quality/effectiveness
•	Production filling
•	Customer satisfaction (CSS Sales)
•	Enquiries, test drives, conversion rates
•	Mystery shopping results
•	Budget vs. actual production / sales
•	Actual Support provided Vs Budgeted Support
Skills
Knowledge, Skills and Abilities required:
•	Fluency in English and ideally Arabic Language (written and spoken)
Desired Qualification:
•	Tertiary education in Business related field
Desired Experience:
•	Minimum 6-10 years Sales experience in the Automotive field
The holder of the position is responsible for his/her own actions within the framework of the duties assigned to him/her. In fulfilling the requirements of the job description, he/she will also be expected to perform tasks which, due to their irregular occurrence, are not included in the job description but which by their nature are part of the job. He/she is entitled to request information about the tasks assigned to him/her from his/her superior. He/she must report significant events occurring within his/her area of responsibility to his/her superior without prompting and must provide/obtain the inter-functional information necessary for ensuring efficient completion of tasks.
Job Details
Job Location:
Dubai, United Arab Emirates
Company Industry:
Automotive; Transportation; Sales
Company Type:
Employer (Private Sector)
Job Role:
Sales
Joining Date:
Unspecified
Employment Status:
Unspecified
Employment Type:
Unspecified
Monthly Salary Range:
Unspecified
Manages Others:
Unspecified
Number of Vacancies:
1
Preferred Candidate
Career Level:
Mid Career
Years of Experience:
Unspecified
Residence Location:
Unspecified
Gender:
Unspecified
Nationality:
Unspecified
Degree:
Unspecified
About This Company
ManpowerGroup was first established in Wisconsin in 1948 and has grown to become a world leader in the employment services industry; creating and delivering services that enable its clients to win in the changing world of work. Manpower has 4,500 offices worldwide in 80 countries and territories and put over a million people into work every day. We offer clients a range of services for the entire employment and business cycle including permanent, temporary and contract recruitment; employee assessment and selection; training; outplacement; outsourcing and consulting.
Date Posted: 2014/05/01 11:21:23
Ref. JB3046270
Similar Jobs
Recommended Courses
Invite Your
Friends to Bayt.com
Find Jobs
About Bayt.com
Bayt.com is the leading job site in the Gulf and Middle East, connecting job seekers with employers looking to hire.
Every day, thousands of new job vacancies are listed on the award-winning platform from the region's top employers.
Company
Quick Links
Follow
© 2000-2014 Bayt.com, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
-
Reproduction of material from any Bayt.com pages without written permission is strictly prohibited.