Senior Plant Inspection Engineer job in UAE | Job ID: 948591 | oil and gas Job Search
Senior Plant Inspection Engineer job in UAE
Rate
Type
Contract
Location
UAE
Region
Town
Das Island
Required Residency
Posted By
Date Posted
1 May 2014
Expiry Date
9 May 2014
Job Reference
3214234
Job Description
SCOPE OF DUTIES:
a)
Directs and supervises the activities of assigned personnel in the Corrosion & Inspection Department.
Performs supervisory functions at the level established by Management, reporting directly to Head of Corrosion & Inspection.
b)
Supervises the inspection and certification of all plant and equipment in the LNG Plant and ensures that written reports are compiled as necessary.
c)
Plans, establishes and supervises Plant Inspection scheduling, reporting and recording systems to conform with the requirements of OUR CLIENT’s accepted code of practice for inspection and testing.
Includes liaising with the Planning Department for scheduling of equipment due for inspection and maintaining onstream programme of all LNG Plant.
d)
Liaises with the Head of General Services (Das) to provide an inspection service for all LNG Plant work undertaken by the Workshops.
Includes defining specifications and requirements and controlling the radiographic facilities.
e)
Under direction of HC&I, compiles Company codes and standards within his area of responsibility and in accordance with Company policies.
f)
Sets up and maintains comprehensive records of all Plant and equipment and compiles technical reports and memoranda for Management review as reported through Head of Corrosion & Inspection.
g)
Assesses and advises HC&I the need for the services of specialist contractors and the capability of potential contractors to satisfy such needs.
h)
Provides technical advice to HC&I, to ensure compliance with accepted Company Standards.
I)
Maintains Plant and Equipment ‘overdue for inspection’ schedules and takes appropriate control action.
Informs I&QM and EM through HC&I on a regular basis on the status of such schedules.
j)
Reviews all new and modification development work to advise on construction standards, material selection and testing requirements in line with company and international standards.
k)
Provides opportunities for training and development of employees under his direction (with emphasis on UAE Nationals) and assesses their progress, this includes on-the-job training, counseling and proper work delegation.
l)
Ensures that safe operating and maintenance procedures related to inspection activities are followed, and counsels employees about compliance with safe working procedures as necessary.
m)
Carries out other related or similar duties, such as enforcing safe maintenance procedures co-ordinating welder performance testing, preparing various specialized, technical and engineering reports, etc.
MINIMUM REQUIREMENTS:
a)
B.Sc. in Mechanical Engineering or equivalent.
b)
12 years inspection engineering experience in the oil refining or petrochemical industry with preferably 3 years in a Senior Position.
c)
Very good knowledge of written and spoken English.
d)
Knowledgeable of computer operation of MS Office application software.
e)
Qualification of basic NDT techniques (UT, RT, MT and PT) will be an added advantage.
REMUMUNERATION PACKAGE:
a)
Work/Leave cycle:
35/28 (i.e. 35 days ‘on’ Das followed by 28 days ‘off’.
b)
Messing and accommodation are provided free of charge while on the Island.
c)
Excellent sports/recreational club facilities on the Island.
Qualifications
Technical Certification or equivalent
Find Related oil and gas Jobs
Latest WTS Energy Jobs
Related Job Searches
© 2014 Copyright Oil and Gas Job Search.com Limited :: Part of The Jobsearch Group
Follow us
--Web2--