Commis 1 Cold Kitchen - Continental Cuisine jobs in Hozpitality Consulting in UAE - United Arab Emirates - Naukrigulf.com
Job Seekers Login:
|
Commis 1 Cold Kitchen - Continental Cuisine
at Hozpitality Consulting in
-
Posted: Apr 29, 2014 Exp:
1 - 5
yrs.
| Opening(s): 1
Education: Basic - Diploma(Hotel Management)
Gender: Not Mentioned
Industry Type:
/
/
/
Functional Area:
/
/
/
Your Message could not be sent.
Your message has been sent
Job Description
Share
Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. is looking for dynamic, top-quality individuals to join their expanding family. As an industry leader in service and innovation, they provide a working environment that fosters career growth and development for their onboard team members. With a fleet of innovative cruise ships, each offering guests a premium vacation experience, there are almost countless opportunities to join them at sea. Join Royal Caribbean & Celebrity Cruises team today as a Commis 1 in Cold Kitchen.ESSENTIAL DUTIES & RESPONSIBILITIESTo support Celebrity Cruises’ mission of becoming “the world’s ultimate premium cruise line with a tasteof luxury,” all duties and responsibilities are to be performed in accordance with Celebrity Cruises’Pillars of Safety, Service and Style, ISM/ISO and SQM standards, USPH guidelines, and environmentalregulations.Each shipboard employee may be required to perform all functions in various service venues andthroughout the ship.1. In accordance with Celebrity Cruises’ Pillars of Safety, Service and Style, as well as throughCelebrity Connections, each employee conducts oneself in a professional and courteous manner at all times. This consists of physical and verbal interactions with guests or fellow shipboard employees and/or in the presence of guest contact and Celebrity Family Member (CFM) areas.2. Works with the Pantry Chef/Head Pantry/Cook Pantry in the pantry salad, pantry appetizer or specialty galley. Assignments can be changed from time to time for training purposes.3. Works on the pantry production and will be directly involved in the quality, consistency and quantities of the product, following recipes and instructions from his/her supervisors.4. Assists with the transportation of food items from the main stores to the working area when assigned.5. Duties include the cleaning and sanitizing of his/her working area and utensils, following the United States Public Health rules and regulations and all times.6. Will be assigned from time to time in an early standby in the pantry for USPH purposes.7. Will be assigned from time to time to be on late duty in the midnight buffet service.8. Is aware of, and/or acquires the necessary knowledge to comply with the ship’s standardoperation, in order to assist guests and CFMs with inquiries.9. Attends meetings, training activities, courses and all other work-related activities as required.10. Performs related duties as required. This position description in no way states or implies thatthese are the only duties to be performed by the shipboard employee occupying this position.Shipboard employees will be required to perform any other job-related duties assigned by their supervisoror management.QUALIFICATIONS* 1 year as Commis 1 & 3-5 years recent experience in Pantry / Cold kitchen section of a 4-5 star hotel / resort* Knowledge of proper cleaning techniques, requirements and use of equipment.* Completion of high school or basic education equivalency required.
Keyword: Commis 1 Cold Kitchen - Continental Cuisine
|
Company Profile
Hozpitality Consulting
Contact Details
Website
Disclaimer: Naukrigulf.com is only a platform to bring jobseekers & employers together. Applicants are advised to research the bonafides of the prospective employer independently. We do NOT endorse any requests for money payments and strictly advice against sharing personal or bank related information.We also recommend you visit
for more information. If you suspect any fraud or malpractice, email us at
To*
From*
Subject*
Email:
Password:
Upload a latest profile photo
A CV with photo has 40% higher chances of getting noticed by employers
Upload Profile Photo
This is how your profile photo will look like.To make adjustments, you can drag around and resize the yellow dashed-square on the right panel.
When you are satisfied with your photo click the "Save Photo" button.
Browse Jobs by
Jobs By Location
Jobs By Category
Job Seekers
Recruiters
Partner Sites
Company
Information
All rights reserved © 2001-
2014 Info Edge (India) Ltd.