Assistant Executive Housekeeper jobs in Hozpitality Consulting in UAE - United Arab Emirates - Naukrigulf.com
Job Seekers Login:
|
Assistant Executive Housekeeper
at Hozpitality Consulting in
-
Posted: Apr 29, 2014 Exp:
2 - 4
yrs.
| Opening(s): 1
Education: Basic - Diploma(Hotel Management)
Gender: Not Mentioned
Industry Type:
/
/
/
Functional Area:
/
/
/
Your Message could not be sent.
Your message has been sent
Job Description
Share
The Concorde Fujairah Hotel is 2 miles from the beach and offers luxurious rooms with either mountain or ocean views. The rooftop pool overlooks the Hajaar Mountains.We are Currently looking for Assistant Executive Housekeeper with the following CriteriaBrief General Job DescriptionSupervise the daily operations of the housekeeping staff, promoting a safe environment and quality service to achieve maximum guest satisfaction, protection of assets and minimal expenses. ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS Duties include but are not limited to): •	Supervise the housekeeping employees to attract, retain and motivate them while providing a safe work environment; •	Interview, schedule, train, develop, empower, coach and counsel, recommend and conduct performance and salary reviews and recommend discipline and termination, as appropriate. •	Supervise and inspect the daily cleaning of the guest rooms, public areas and back of the house; ensure compliance with accident/loss prevention programs, LSOPs and SOPs and health/sanitation standards and regulations to achieve a high level of cleanliness and guest satisfaction.
•	Monitor and report on expenses (payroll and supplies) to aid in controlling costs while ensuring adequate staff and supplies are on hand to provide top quality services. •	Respond to guest requests, concerns and problems to ensure guest satisfaction. •	Refer and follow up on maintenance issues/problems with Engineering to protect hotel assets, ensure a safe, accident free environment for guests and employees and maintain/ improve guest satisfaction. •	Log items into the Lost and Found and answer inquiries to maintain controls and ensure guest satisfaction. •	Assist with overseeing Housekeeping/Laundry operations•	Implement emergency training and procedures to ensure appropriate protection of the hotel\\\\'s guests, staff and Hotel assets.•	Operate within departmental budgets through effective stock and cost controls and well managed schedules.•	Support departmental targets and objectives, work schedules, budgets, and policies and procedures.•	Monitor the appearance, standards and performance of the Housekeeping /Laundry Team with an emphasis on training and teamwork.•	Perform Duty Manager is assigned by Hotel Management.•	Perform any other duties deemed reasonable by Management.The candidate should meet the following requirements:• Excellent communication skills in English language.• Report to GM.• At least with 2 years similar experience in a 4* or 5* hotel.• Excellent knowledge in computer.• Creative and thinks out of the box• Only candidates inside UAE or visit visa to apply• CV\\\\'s without picture will be rejected
Keyword: Assistant Executive Housekeeper
|
Company Profile
Hozpitality Consulting
Contact Details
Website
Disclaimer: Naukrigulf.com is only a platform to bring jobseekers & employers together. Applicants are advised to research the bonafides of the prospective employer independently. We do NOT endorse any requests for money payments and strictly advice against sharing personal or bank related information.We also recommend you visit
for more information. If you suspect any fraud or malpractice, email us at
To*
From*
Subject*
Email:
Password:
Upload a latest profile photo
A CV with photo has 40% higher chances of getting noticed by employers
Upload Profile Photo
This is how your profile photo will look like.To make adjustments, you can drag around and resize the yellow dashed-square on the right panel.
When you are satisfied with your photo click the "Save Photo" button.
Browse Jobs by
Jobs By Location
Jobs By Category
Job Seekers
Recruiters
Partner Sites
Company
Information
All rights reserved © 2001-
2014 Info Edge (India) Ltd.