SPA Manager * Female only jobs in Hozpitality Consulting in UAE - United Arab Emirates - Naukrigulf.com
Job Seekers Login:
|
SPA Manager * Female only
at Hozpitality Consulting in
-
Posted: Apr 29, 2014 Exp:
2 - 5
yrs.
| Opening(s): 1
Education: Basic - Bachelor of Hotel Management(Hotel Management)
Gender: Not Mentioned
Industry Type:
/
/
/
Functional Area:
/
/
/
Your Message could not be sent.
Your message has been sent
Job Description
Share
The Concorde Fujairah Hotel is 2 miles from the beach and offers luxurious rooms with either mountain or ocean views. The rooftop pool overlooks the Hajaar Mountains.We are Currently looking for Female SPA Manager with the following CriteriaBrief General Job DescriptionResponsibility for supervising and coordinating activities of employees delivering spa services, including salon, skin care, program coordination, reservations, reception desk, massage and locker room areas. Position focuses on ensuring guest and employee satisfaction and achieving the operating budget.ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS Duties include but are not limited to): •	Ensure all operations are in full compliance with local health and safety codes. •	Implements, monitors and enforces workplace safety standards. •	Leads by example to encourage a safe work environment. •	Assist with the monitoring and recording of all store sales, costs, payroll and profits according to store procedures, as assigned by the Spa Manager. •	Ensures all client services are being carried out in a professional, correct and efficient manner.
Monitors quality control in all aspects of operation. •	Promotes and practices excellent client service and ensures all staff is doing the same. •	Participates in and promotes marketing
recreational activities as assigned. •	Communicates regularly and efficiently with Spa team and administrative management on all operational issues.•	Assists with orientation, training, performance evaluation and disciplinary action for store staff. •
Monitor all store inventory and place orders as required. •
Implement and promote strategies for store loss prevention. •	Develop, implement and direct all Emergency Programs ensure all equipment is maintained, conduct inspections and drills, ensure compliance with all codes and regulations, train all employees and maintain accurate records to ensure a safe environment which protects the asset, guests and employees.•	Develop, implement and manage energy conservation programs for the property to minimize expenses.•	Responsibility of the hotel recreation activities.•	Monthly inventory and ordering of all first aid supplies for the hotel and maintaining the first aid room. •	Representation on Health
Safety Committee, with specific involvement in maintaining a safe work environment, by ensuring the completion of incident investigations and workplace inspections. •	Implement swimming pool safety regulation according to the safety standard and comply with the standard safety measurers set by Fujairah Tourism Authority.•	Review monthly departmental health & safety audits and follow-up accordingly.•	Participate in Duty Manager Shifts as required.•	Perform any other duties deemed reasonable by Management.The candidate should meet the following requirements:• Excellent communication skills in English language.• Has good understanding of the local language.• At least with 2 years similar experience in a 5* hotel.• Excellent knowledge in computer.• Active, young and dynamic• Creative and thinks out of the box• Only Candidates inside UAE and visit visa to apply• CV's without pictures will not be entertained
Keyword: SPA Manager * Female only
|
Company Profile
Hozpitality Consulting
Contact Details
Website
Disclaimer: Naukrigulf.com is only a platform to bring jobseekers & employers together. Applicants are advised to research the bonafides of the prospective employer independently. We do NOT endorse any requests for money payments and strictly advice against sharing personal or bank related information.We also recommend you visit
for more information. If you suspect any fraud or malpractice, email us at
To*
From*
Subject*
Email:
Password:
Upload a latest profile photo
A CV with photo has 40% higher chances of getting noticed by employers
Upload Profile Photo
This is how your profile photo will look like.To make adjustments, you can drag around and resize the yellow dashed-square on the right panel.
When you are satisfied with your photo click the "Save Photo" button.
Browse Jobs by
Jobs By Location
Jobs By Category
Job Seekers
Recruiters
Partner Sites
Company
Information
All rights reserved © 2001-
2014 Info Edge (India) Ltd.