Cables Technican - JB1001843302 | Abu Dhabi, UAE - Jobs Abu Dhabi
OK
Cancel
Loading...
Loading...
Welcome, Guest
|
|
|
|
|
-
Menu - []
Your Opinion Matters
Statistics
Total vacancies 1646
Weekly statistics
Vacancies Posted this Week 86
Today’s Statistics
Vacancies posted today 20
Poll Corner
If you are offered a lower position, but higher in salary than your current job,will you accept it?
Yes
No
Submit your Vote
›
› Job Description
72 People have applied
Date Posted: 2014/05/01 05:46:16Ref. JB1001843302
Cables TechnicanTRANSCO
1.	Statement of Functions
The role of the Cables technician is to conduct maintenance on high voltage cables.
2.	Work Achieved
The principal responsibilities of the Cables technician are to:
•	Receive daily work orders from Cable Jointer.
•	Organise equipment required to work at substation and/or on site.
•	Conduct electrical maintenance for 132kV,
200kV and 400kV cables,
including:
­	cutting and raising power cable ensuring it is straight in preparation for works
­	preparing of compound moulds to go inside joints to prevent water entering.
­	painting of crash poles and oil pressure tanks.
­	assisting Cable Jointer in all accessories work for cable jointing.
•	Act as a Competent Person for operation of equipment in compliance with TRANSCO System Safety Rules.
Skills
•	Ability to carry out duties independently.
•	Quality of work.
•	Adherence to safety rules.
Education
High school diploma and two years of trade training as a technician
Company Profile
TRANSCO,
the Abu Dhabi Transmission and Despatch Company is a wholly government owned part of the Abu Dhabi Water and Electricity Authority (ADWEA). TRANSCO’s core business is the planning,
construction and operation of a safe,
reliable and efficient water and electricity transmission network within Abu Dhabi and,
where required,
the UAE.
TRANSCO’s income is received from the distribution companies via a combination of charges made for use of the system itself and connection charges and are agreed and approved by the sector Regulator on an annual basis. These charges reflect the total power and water delivered over the course of the year,
the peak power and water supplied at the time of greatest demand and the value of assets built for each customer.
TRANSCO has taken a leading role in supporting the development of the ADNOC group companies,
ADCO and GASCO,
and other significant new industries in Abu Dhabi such as aluminium and steel by significantly expanding its supplies to meet forecast demand from these consumers. This service not only provides the oil industry with a secure reliable and economic energy supply but benefits the industrial sector and national economy as a whole.
The scope for TRANSCO’s business has recently expanded to include the planning,
development and operation of water and electricity transmission assets in the northern Emirates. TRANSCO also contributes to the operation of the Emirates National Grid which we expect to develop significantly over the next 3 - 5 years. On the regional stage we are participating in the development of the wider GCC transmission grid which will allow the trading and transmission of power across a number of countries.
Job Details
Job Location:
Abu Dhabi, UAE
Company Industry:
Engineering
Company Type:
Employer (Public Sector)
Job Role:
Engineering
Joining Date:
2014-09-01
Employment Status:
Full time
Employment Type:
Employee
Monthly Salary Range:
US$5,000 - $6,000 (≈ AED 18,365 - 22,038)
Manages Others:
No
Number of Vacancies:
1
Preferred Candidate
Career Level:
Entry Level
Years of Experience:
Min: 0 Max: 4
Residence Location:
United Arab Emirates
Gender:
Male
Nationality:
Australia; Canada; Great Britain (UK); Ireland; New Zealand; United Kingdom; United States
Degree:
Certification / diploma