TEACH IN THE UAE - 2014 jobs, Dubai, £2000 - £2700 per month + tax free + package | Guardian Jobs
TEACH IN THE UAE - 2014
Employer:
Posted:
01 May 2014
Ref:
MSUAE.
Contact:
Michael Smith
Location:
Dubai
Industry:
,
Level:
Experienced (non manager)
Contract:
Permanent
Hours:
Full Time
Salary:
£2000 - £2700 per month + tax free + package
People who viewed this job also viewed
£1500 - £2700 per month + Tax Free, Flights, Accommodation
£1500 - £2700 per month + Accommodation, Medical Insurance, Tax Free
£2100 - £2500 per month + tax free + package
£1973.57 - £2452.01 per month + tax free + package
Excellent tax-free salary, Furnished Accommodation, Baggage Allowance, Medical Insurance, Annual Air Ticket & Paid Annual Vacations
Academics Ltd plays a key role in assisting qualified teachers and managers in securing work in private and international schools in the UAE. Interviews are now taking place for roles in schools situated in the Emirates of Dubai, Sharjah and Abu Dhabi.All roles will start the new academic year in September 2014 with contracts of two to three years being offered. All candidates must hold a western teaching qualification (M.Ed, B.Ed, BA + Dip Teach/PGCE) and have a minimum of two years experience to be considered for work.The following teaching positions are currently being sort after1. IB teachers (PYP, MYP and IB Diploma)2. Early Years and Primary teachers3. Middle school Maths, Science, English and Humanities/SOSE4. Senior school Maths, Science (+ Science specialists), English and Humanities/SOSE5. Art, Music, Physical Education, Business/Economics and ICT/Computing secondary teachersNote/ All candidates will be pre-screened prior to any interview to give the best possible outcome. At this time of the year our vacancy list changes all the tiem so if you don't see a job in your area, don't despair and contact us nontheless so you can be kept informed of roles when they do come to hand. PackageThe UAE is a fascinating country to work/travel offering attractive tax free packages to teachers. A classroom teacher can expect to earn up to £2700/$4500USD tax free a month with the schools we service. In addition annual flights, end of contract gratuity/bonus, furnished accommodation (or accommodation allowance), medical, tuition fees for children and visa are included. Non salary package can total an extra £15K/$25KUSD a year.ApplicationsTo be considered for an interview or to work in the UAE in 2014 then click "Apply" to upload a recent CV with photo or email Michael Smith on the details below.For a list of all international jobs with Academics Ltd go to www.academicsltd.co.uk and www.academicsltd.com.au
You should never need to provide bank account details or any other financial information, or make any
form of payment, when applying for a job. If you are ever asked to do this by a recruiter on our
site please email
© 2008 - 2014 Guardian News and Media Limited, all rights reserved. Powered by Madgex .
This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies.