HOTEL SR. NIGHT RECEPTIONIST (MALE) jobs in Hozpitality Consulting in UAE - United Arab Emirates - Naukrigulf.com
Job Seekers Login:
|
HOTEL SR. NIGHT RECEPTIONIST (MALE)
at Hozpitality Consulting in
-
Posted: Apr 29, 2014 Exp:
2 - 3
yrs.
| Opening(s): 1
Education: Basic - Bachelor of Hotel Management(Hotel Management)
Gender: Not Mentioned
Industry Type:
/
/
/
Functional Area:
/
/
/
Your Message could not be sent.
Your message has been sent
Job Description
Share
HOTEL SR. NIGHT RECEPTIONIST (MALE) – 01xcl21For a reputed hotel in Dubai, UAELocation: Dubai, UAEIndustry: HospitalityDepartment: Front officeLevel: Staff-line levelMin. exp. in same role: 2 yearsMin. exp. in same industry: 3 yearsEducation: DegreeSalary: AED 1,400 to AED 1600 plus duty meals, accommodation, transportation, etc.Additional details:• Male candidates with a background working as night auditor are preferred.• Must have good command of English language.• Candidates with experience in a similar role within a reputed 4 to 5 star hotel
Keyword: HOTEL SR. NIGHT RECEPTIONIST (MALE)
|
Company Profile
Hozpitality Consulting
Contact Details
Website
Disclaimer: Naukrigulf.com is only a platform to bring jobseekers & employers together. Applicants are advised to research the bonafides of the prospective employer independently. We do NOT endorse any requests for money payments and strictly advice against sharing personal or bank related information.We also recommend you visit
for more information. If you suspect any fraud or malpractice, email us at
To*
From*
Subject*
Email:
Password:
Upload a latest profile photo
A CV with photo has 40% higher chances of getting noticed by employers
Upload Profile Photo
This is how your profile photo will look like.To make adjustments, you can drag around and resize the yellow dashed-square on the right panel.
When you are satisfied with your photo click the "Save Photo" button.
Browse Jobs by
Jobs By Location
Jobs By Category
Job Seekers
Recruiters
Partner Sites
Company
Information
All rights reserved © 2001-
2014 Info Edge (India) Ltd.