Arabic Bread Maker jobs in Hozpitality Consulting in UAE - United Arab Emirates - Naukrigulf.com
Job Seekers Login:
|
Arabic Bread Maker
at Hozpitality Consulting in
-
Posted: Apr 29, 2014 Exp:
1 - 3
yrs.
| Opening(s): 1
Education: Basic - Diploma(Hotel Management)
Gender: Not Mentioned
Industry Type:
/
/
/
Functional Area:
/
/
/
Your Message could not be sent.
Your message has been sent
Job Description
Share
The Concorde Fujairah Hotel is 2 miles from the beach and offers luxurious rooms with either mountain or ocean views. The rooftop pool overlooks the Hajaar Mountains.We are Currently looking for Arabic Bread Maker with the following CriteriaBrief General Job DescriptionTo assist the executive chef/ chef/chef de partie in providing an effective service for all the functions and all food outlets for external and internal customers.ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS Duties include but are not limited to): •	Follow first in first out procedures.•	Ensure implementation of safety standards.•	Acceptable standards of personal cleanliness and hygiene. •	Should be specialist in preparing Arabic bread, Fatayer making.•	Should have worked in the same position minimum for 1 year and skilled to work with Pizza Oven.•	Effective communication skills.•	Innovative.•	Pro-active and reliable.•	Familiar with basic kitchen sanitation procedures.•	Perform any other duties deemed reasonable by ManagementThe candidate should meet the following requirements:Male or Female.Arabic National At least with 1 year similar experience in a 4 or 5* hotel.
Keyword: Arabic Bread Maker
|
Company Profile
Hozpitality Consulting
Contact Details
Website
Disclaimer: Naukrigulf.com is only a platform to bring jobseekers & employers together. Applicants are advised to research the bonafides of the prospective employer independently. We do NOT endorse any requests for money payments and strictly advice against sharing personal or bank related information.We also recommend you visit
for more information. If you suspect any fraud or malpractice, email us at
To*
From*
Subject*
Email:
Password:
Upload a latest profile photo
A CV with photo has 40% higher chances of getting noticed by employers
Upload Profile Photo
This is how your profile photo will look like.To make adjustments, you can drag around and resize the yellow dashed-square on the right panel.
When you are satisfied with your photo click the "Save Photo" button.
Browse Jobs by
Jobs By Location
Jobs By Category
Job Seekers
Recruiters
Partner Sites
Company
Information
All rights reserved © 2001-
2014 Info Edge (India) Ltd.