Female Chef Job in Abu Dhabi - Experts International Recrutiment Services - Bayt.com
OK
Cancel
Loading...
Loading...
Jobs
Jobs
Salaries
People Companies Specialties
- All -
- All -Algeria (12)Bahrain (115)Dubai (1555)Egypt (495)Iraq (81)Jordan (390)Kuwait (740)Lebanon (249)Libya (16)Morocco (12)Oman (96)Pakistan (33)Qatar (1055)Saudi Arabia (2766)Sri Lanka (62)Tunisia (6)UAE (3582)Yemen (3)
Loading...
Menu - []
›
› Job Description
Female Chef
- ,
Date Posted: 2014/05/01 08:13:45
Ref. JB3046208
Job Description
We are currently looking for a Female Chef for one of our clients in Abu Dhabi. The candidate should have at least 5 years of experience in the same position and should also have experience in Arabic Cuisine including working knowledge in pastry making. Proficiency in Arabic and English language are a MUST.
Skills
Arabic Cuisine, Fluent in Arabic & English Language
Job Details
Job Location:
Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates
Company Industry:
Hospitality/Tourism/Travel
Company Type:
Employer (Private Sector)
Job Role:
Other
Joining Date:
Unspecified
Employment Status:
Unspecified
Employment Type:
Unspecified
Monthly Salary Range:
Unspecified
Manages Others:
Unspecified
Number of Vacancies:
1
Preferred Candidate
Career Level:
Mid Career
Years of Experience:
Min: 5
Residence Location:
Unspecified
Gender:
Female
Nationality:
Unspecified
Degree:
Unspecified
About This Company
Experts International Recruitment Services, previously Xperts HR Consultancy, is the leading industry and professional body for Manpower Supply and HR Consultancy in the United Arab Emirates, representing a large base of companies and individual members.
First established in early 2005 by UAE National Abdulla Al Muhairi, our specialty lies in providing qualified, professional and skilled people across a wide range of specialized industries and professions for UAE and our neighboring Gulf countries. Be it temporary, contract or permanent positions, we recruit personnel from all over the world.
At EIRS, we believe the right job can transform a person's career, and the right person can transform a business. This is where our expertise lies; finding the candidate and closely matching them to your business requirements. Our services are refined and honed to optimal standards in a manner that ensures our clients are fully satisfied.
As we grew, we created the standards that have come to define modern staffing and recruiting. Customers benefit from Experts International Recruitment Services swift responsiveness, excellent customer service and bilingual staff. Customers do not need to look any further when seeking reliable and time-saving Recruitment & Manpower services as we form deep and long-lasting business partnerships with our clients to ease their staffing dilemmas. We assure our clients our services and solutions, as usual, are cost effective and value-driven.
Our core values lie in:
Professionalism and Respect
Integrity and Innovation
Flexibility and Reliability
Maintaining Exceptional Business Relationships
EIRS's expertise is into Direct Recruitment, Outsourcing, Manpower Recruitment, Tempo Staffing and HR Consultancy
Date Posted: 2014/05/01 08:13:45
Ref. JB3046208
Similar Jobs
Confidential Company - ,
Recommended Courses
Invite Your
Friends to Bayt.com
Find Jobs
About Bayt.com
Bayt.com is the leading job site in the Gulf and Middle East, connecting job seekers with employers looking to hire.
Every day, thousands of new job vacancies are listed on the award-winning platform from the region's top employers.
Company
Quick Links
Follow
© 2000-2014 Bayt.com, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
-
Reproduction of material from any Bayt.com pages without written permission is strictly prohibited.