Cabin Crew - UAE Nationals jobs in Hozpitality Consulting in UAE - United Arab Emirates - Naukrigulf.com
Job Seekers Login:
|
Cabin Crew - UAE Nationals
at Hozpitality Consulting in
-
Posted: Apr 29, 2014 Exp:
1 - 2
yrs.
| Opening(s): 1
Education: Basic - Diploma(Hotel Management)
Gender: Not Mentioned
Industry Type:
/
/
/
Functional Area:
/
/
/
Your Message could not be sent.
Your message has been sent
Job Description
Share
You will be an Emirati National who wants to join our award winning Cabin Crew team. In 2013, for the fourth year, we won the \\"Middle East\\'s Leading Cabin Staff\\" award at the World Travel Awards Middle East. Also in 2013, we won the prestigious accolade of \\"World\\'s Leading Airline Cabin Crew\\" at the World Travel Awards. In fact these awards join a long list of awards that we have won and win every year. To join us you will be the best and you will ensure that you contribute to the success of the world\\'s leading airline (World Travel Awards). You will ensure that you exceed our guests’ expectations onboard and deliver great service 100% of the time, whilst offering a unique taste of United Arab Emirates hospitality – cultured, considerate, warm and generous.WHAT WILL YOU DOAs one of our Cabin Crew you must ensure the safety of our guests as well as providing great service at all times. You will inspire our guests, display a high degree of motivation, enthusiasm and commitment in everything you do and be an ambassador for Etihad Airways and the United Arab Emirates wherever you are in the world.MINIMUM CRITERIA AND QUALIFICATIONSTo become one of our award winning Cabin Crew you will need to meet the following criteria and qualifications: Minimum age 21 years. Fluent in English; verbal, written and comprehension. Fluency in another language is an advantage. Must be confident in water and be able to swim with the aid of a flotation device. Able to reach 210cms without shoes. No tattoos that would be visible whilst wearing the Etihad uniform (bandages and cosmetic coverings are not permitted). Educated to a minimum level of accredited secondary education or equivalent. Never convicted of a criminal offence. Excellent personal presentation, style and image. Strong interpersonal and communication skills. Willing to comply with UAE and GCAA visa, medical and health screening requirements.RECRUITMENT PROCESSAs a fast growing dynamic company we are always looking for the right people to join us and become part of our team. If all of the above sounds exciting, why not apply. Our recruitment events consist of open and closed assessments, which vary depending on our needs and the location of the assessment day. An open assessment is open to anyone who meets our criteria, an invitation to attend is not necessary. The locations, dates and details of the assessment are updated on our website and will also be advertised in local media. A closed assessment is for people who have applied online and that we have invited to attend.To secure an interview, you should apply online so that we can contact you when we will be interviewing in your home town or close to your home town.
Keyword: Cabin Crew - UAE Nationals
|
Company Profile
Hozpitality Consulting
Contact Details
Website
Disclaimer: Naukrigulf.com is only a platform to bring jobseekers & employers together. Applicants are advised to research the bonafides of the prospective employer independently. We do NOT endorse any requests for money payments and strictly advice against sharing personal or bank related information.We also recommend you visit
for more information. If you suspect any fraud or malpractice, email us at
To*
From*
Subject*
Email:
Password:
Upload a latest profile photo
A CV with photo has 40% higher chances of getting noticed by employers
Upload Profile Photo
This is how your profile photo will look like.To make adjustments, you can drag around and resize the yellow dashed-square on the right panel.
When you are satisfied with your photo click the "Save Photo" button.
Browse Jobs by
Jobs By Location
Jobs By Category
Job Seekers
Recruiters
Partner Sites
Company
Information
All rights reserved © 2001-
2014 Info Edge (India) Ltd.