Inflight Chef jobs in Hozpitality Consulting in UAE - United Arab Emirates - Naukrigulf.com
Job Seekers Login:
|
Inflight Chef
at Hozpitality Consulting in
-
Posted: Apr 29, 2014 Exp:
1 - 3
yrs.
| Opening(s): 1
Education: Basic - Bachelor of Hotel Management(Hotel Management)
Gender: Not Mentioned
Industry Type:
/
/
/
Functional Area:
/
/
/
Your Message could not be sent.
Your message has been sent
Job Description
Share
We are the national airline of the United Arab Emirates, based in Abu Dhabi. Our Cabin Crew team includes In-flight chefs who are part of our award winning team of over 4000 service professionals, based in Abu Dhabi, the cosmopolitan and cultural capital of the United Arab Emirates. Our team is truly multi-cultural and is made up of nationals from over 110 countries. They are our ambassadors, and the ambassadors of our home Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates representing us whilst flying all over the world to destinations in Europe, North and South America, Africa, Asia and Australia caring for our guests with traditional Arabic warmth and respect in a fleet of state of the art luxurious new aircraft.WHY BE AN IN-FLIGHT CHEF Take your career to a new height by joining us as an In-flight Chef working in your own exclusive restaurant, the Mezoon Grille, in our Diamond First Class zone. As an award winning airline, we recruit the best qualified senior chefs who have proven experience and a desire to achieve and exceed guest satisfaction. This is your chance to do what you do best whilst flying all over the world.
Working in Diamond First Class, you’ll have the opportunity to oversee and manage all kitchen operations while ensuring that our guests receive impeccable service and quality while they dine.
If you are interested in a chef’s role with a difference, read on and apply now to join our team.
WHAT YOU WILL DO You must exceed our guests\\' expectations onboard and deliver great service 100% of the time, whilst offering a unique taste of United Arab Emirates hospitality – cultured, considerate, warm and generous. You will oversee and be accountable for the catering loading and food quality in the Diamond First Class zone. As requested, you may also need to participate in duties at the catering centre, in Etihad lounges and at corporate, PR and VIP functions. WHAT WE OFFER •Fantastic tax-free salary which is competitive within the industry and reviewed on a regular basis.•Free accommodation in a modern shared fully-furnished apartment, with your own private facilities. Everything is provided for you to ensure that you have a safe, secure and comfortable home in Abu Dhabi. •Etihad transport to take from your accommodation to the airport for your flight duties and then to bring you back home again after your flight.•Access to exclusive state of the art Etihad swimming pools, health clubs and fitness centres at no cost, and reduced rate massage, hairdressing and beauty treatments to keep you looking your best.•No body piercings that would be visible whilst wearing the Etihad uniform, other than one earring in the lower lobe of each ear for females only (bandages and cosmetic coverings are not permitted).•Leading airline travel benefits including unlimited personal travel at special rates, an annual leave ticket and generous concessions for family and friends to use.•Excellent free private medical insurance and life/accident insurance.•Annual leave of 30 days.•Genuine advantages for career progression in a fast paced dynamic working environment.•Special discounts at restaurants, shops, hotels and leisure facilities across the United Arab Emirates and the region. MINIMUM CRITERIA AND QUALIFICATIONS To become one of our award winning In-flight Chefs you will need to meet the following criteria and qualifications:Qualified Chef with experience in 4/5 star hotels, fine dining establishments or cruise liners.Minimum age 21 years Fluent in English; verbal, written and comprehension. Fluency in another language is an advantage. Must be confident in water and be able to swim with the aid of a flotation device. Able to reach 210cms without shoes. No tattoos that would be visible whilst wearing the Etihad uniform (bandages and cosmetic coverings are not permitted).No body piercings that would be visible whilst wearing the Etihad uniform, other than one earring in the lower lobe of each ear for females only (bandages and cosmetic coverings are not permitted).
Educated to a minimum level of accredited secondary education or equivalent.Never convicted of a criminal offence. Excellent personal presentation, style and image. Strong interpersonal and communication skills. Willing to comply with UAE and GCAA visa, medical and health screening requirements. RECRUITMENT PROCESSAs a fast growing dynamic company we are always looking for the right people to join us and become part of our team. If all of the above sounds exciting, why not apply. Our recruitment events consist of open and closed assessments, which vary depending on our needs and the location of the assessment day. An open assessment is open to anyone who meets our criteria, an invitation to attend is not necessary. The locations, dates and details of the assessment are updated on our website and will also be advertised in local media. A closed assessment is for people who have applied online and that we have invited to attend.To secure an interview, you should apply online so that we can contact you when we will be interviewing in your home town or close to your home town.
Keyword: Inflight Chef
|
Company Profile
Hozpitality Consulting
Contact Details
Website
Disclaimer: Naukrigulf.com is only a platform to bring jobseekers & employers together. Applicants are advised to research the bonafides of the prospective employer independently. We do NOT endorse any requests for money payments and strictly advice against sharing personal or bank related information.We also recommend you visit
for more information. If you suspect any fraud or malpractice, email us at
To*
From*
Subject*
Email:
Password:
Upload a latest profile photo
A CV with photo has 40% higher chances of getting noticed by employers
Upload Profile Photo
This is how your profile photo will look like.To make adjustments, you can drag around and resize the yellow dashed-square on the right panel.
When you are satisfied with your photo click the "Save Photo" button.
Browse Jobs by
Jobs By Location
Jobs By Category
Job Seekers
Recruiters
Partner Sites
Company
Information
All rights reserved © 2001-
2014 Info Edge (India) Ltd.