Commi 1 Hot Kitchen jobs in Hozpitality Consulting in UAE - United Arab Emirates - Naukrigulf.com
Job Seekers Login:
|
Commi 1 Hot Kitchen
at Hozpitality Consulting in
-
Posted: Apr 29, 2014 Exp:
3 - 5
yrs.
| Opening(s): 1
Education: Basic - Diploma(Hotel Management)
Gender: Not Mentioned
Industry Type:
/
/
/
Functional Area:
/
/
/
Your Message could not be sent.
Your message has been sent
Job Description
Share
We are looking for a dedicated Commi 1- Hot Kitchen, who shares our passion for excellence in food preparation and presentation. The successful candidate will possess a well-developed understanding of all aspects of the hot section, knowledge of all major ingredients and their correct use and have a keen eye for detail in food presentation. Working as a part of our team you will assist with the smooth and efficient running of the hot section of the kitchen to support our a la carte outlets, banquets and conference catering.Key Responsibilities:1. Assist in the production and preparation of mis- en- place in all the section of the kitchen2. Maintain high standards of kitchen hygiene in accordance with HACCP guidelines3. Achieve consistency in food preparation in accordance with approved recipes4. Participate in creativity exercises such as new menu concepts and demonstrate ongoing professional development in all aspects of the hot section.5. Provide support to the kitchen brigade for major event catering on site and off site 6. Observe the Company’s occupational health and safety, fire and emergency and life safety systems procedures.
7. Achieve high customer satisfaction ratings.Minimum Qualifications and Experience:The preferred candidate will hold a diploma in hospitality or a vocational training qualification in culinary , food technology and presentation. You must have at least 3 years previous experience in a 4/5 star hotel kitchen or branded food and beverage operation, with a minimum 1 year experience in similar position. You will be expected to have a sound understanding of all aspects of the kitchen operation, possess an even temperament and have a desire to succeed in your profession.
Keyword: Commi 1 Hot Kitchen
|
Company Profile
Hozpitality Consulting
Contact Details
Website
Disclaimer: Naukrigulf.com is only a platform to bring jobseekers & employers together. Applicants are advised to research the bonafides of the prospective employer independently. We do NOT endorse any requests for money payments and strictly advice against sharing personal or bank related information.We also recommend you visit
for more information. If you suspect any fraud or malpractice, email us at
To*
From*
Subject*
Email:
Password:
Upload a latest profile photo
A CV with photo has 40% higher chances of getting noticed by employers
Upload Profile Photo
This is how your profile photo will look like.To make adjustments, you can drag around and resize the yellow dashed-square on the right panel.
When you are satisfied with your photo click the "Save Photo" button.
Browse Jobs by
Jobs By Location
Jobs By Category
Job Seekers
Recruiters
Partner Sites
Company
Information
All rights reserved © 2001-
2014 Info Edge (India) Ltd.