alJazeera Jobs - In-Flight Chef: Paris 17 June
Jobs in Qatar, Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, Oman, Bahrain, Dubai, Abu Dhabi by alJazeera Jobs
Select Language
English
Francais
Deutsch
عربي
Español
Português
Русский
Nederlands
Türkçe
اردو
Contact alJazeera Jobs Bahrain: (+973) 16199-113
Serving Arabian Gulf Job Seekers since 2007, alJazeera Jobs
is the established, trusted and leading provider of Jobs in
, , , ,
and .
Subscribe to our custom developed Candidate
Management Service to proactively place your details in Arabic
and English into the HR systems of the leading employers in
the Gulf. Jump to the head of the queue and get hired, sign-up
.
JOB SEARCH
I'm looking for...
In location
Select Country
Saudi Arabia
UAE
Kuwait
Qatar
Bahrain
Oman
other
ACCOUNT MANAGEMENT:
|
In-Flight Chef: Paris 17 June
01 May 2014 09:19 AM - UAE
Job Description: We are the national airline of the United Arab Emirates, based in Abu Dhabi. Our Cabin Crew team includes In-flight chefs who are part of our award winning team of over 4000 service professionals, based in Abu Dhabi, the cosmopolitan and cultural capital of the United Arab Emirates. Our team is truly multi-cultural and is made up of nationals from over 110 countries. They are our ambassadors, and the ambassadors of our home Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates representing us whilst flying all over the world to destinations in Europe, North and South America, Africa, Asia and Australia caring for our guests with traditional Arabic warmth and respect in a fleet of state of the art luxurious new aircraft.WHY BE AN IN-FLIGHT CHEFTake your career to a new height by joining us as an In-flight Chef working in your own exclusive restaurant, the Mezoon Grille, in our Diamond First Class zone. As an award winning airline, we recruit the best qualified senior chefs who have proven experience and a desire to achieve and exceed guest satisfaction. This is your chance to do what you do best whilst flying all over the world. Working in Diamond First Class, you’ll have the opportunity to oversee and manage all kitchen operations while ensuring that our guests receive impeccable service and quality while they dine.     If you are interested in a chef’s role with a difference, read on and apply now to join our team.  WHAT YOU WILL DOYou must exceed our guests' expectations onboard and deliver great service 100% of the time, whilst offering a unique taste of United Arab Emirates hospitality – cultured, considerate, warm and generous. You will oversee and be accountable for the catering loading and food quality in the Diamond First Class zone. As requested, you may also need to participate in duties at the catering centre, in Etihad lounges and at corporate, PR and VIP functions. WHAT WE OFFER Fantastic tax-free salary which is competitive within the industry and reviewed on a regular basis.Free accommodation in a modern shared fully-furnished apartment, with your own private facilities. Everything is provided for you to ensure that you have a safe, secure and comfortable home in Abu Dhabi.Etihad transport to take from your accommodation to the airport for your flight duties and then to bring you back home again after your flight.Access to exclusive state of the art Etihad swimming pools, health clubs and fitness centres at no cost, and reduced rate massage, hairdressing and beauty treatments to keep you looking your best.Leading airline travel benefits including unlimited personal travel at special rates, an annual leave ticket and generous concessions for family and friends to use.Excellent free private medical insurance and life/accident insurance.Annual leave of 30 days.Genuine advantages for career progression in a fast paced dynamic working environment.Special discounts at restaurants, shops, hotels and leisure facilities across the United Arab Emirates and the region.MINIMUM CRITERIA AND QUALIFICATIONSTo become one of our award winning In-flight Chefs you will need to meet the following criteria and qualifications:Qualified Chef with experience in 4/5 star hotels, fine dining establishments or cruise liners.Minimum age 21 years.Fluent in English; verbal, written and comprehension. Fluency in another language is an advantage.Must be confident in water and be able to swim with the aid of a flotation device. Able to reach 210cms without shoes.No tattoos that would be visible whilst wearing the Etihad uniform (bandages and cosmetic coverings are not permitted).No body piercings that would be visible whilst wearing the Etihad uniform, other than one earring in the lower lobe of each ear for females only (bandages and cosmetic coverings are not permitted).Educated to a minimum level of accredited secondary education or equivalent.Never convicted of a criminal offence.Excellent personal presentation, style and image.Strong interpersonal and communication skills.Willing to comply with UAE and GCAA visa, medical and health screening requirements.  RECRUITMENT PROCESSThis is an invitation only assessment. You must apply online and receive an invite to attend this asssessment.
Advertisement
|
|
|
|
|
All rights reserved - AlJazeeraJobs ® is a registered trade mark and unauthorised usage is strictly prohibited.
|
, , , , ,