Sales & Rental Property Consultants Job in Dubai - Kendal & Co - Bayt.com
OK
Cancel
Loading...
Loading...
Jobs
Jobs
Salaries
People Companies Specialties
- All -
- All -Algeria (12)Bahrain (115)Dubai (1555)Egypt (495)Iraq (81)Jordan (390)Kuwait (740)Lebanon (249)Libya (16)Morocco (12)Oman (96)Pakistan (33)Qatar (1055)Saudi Arabia (2766)Sri Lanka (62)Tunisia (6)UAE (3582)Yemen (3)
Loading...
Menu - []
›
› Job Description
Sales & Rental Property Consultants
- ,
Date Posted: 2014/05/01 08:41:30
Ref. JB3046216
Job Description
Our Sales & Rental Consultants are expected to demonstrate commitment, loyalty and ability to work well in a team environment.
The Property Consultants role is to act as a representative for clients of Kendal & Co and negotiate the successful sale & rentals of properties, advise property owners on market conditions and strive to fulfill their sales targets set out for them.
We are looking for consultants who are top performers in their marketplace who will uphold our reputation and strong market presence by delivering exceptional customer service.
Kendal & Co offers very attractive commission schemes tailored to each consultant’s experience.
We also offer target incentive packages which include;
I Pads, designer watches and all expenses paid holidays.
The applicant must be ambitious, motivated and strive for a successful career within the real estate industry. UAE real experience is a must, those without need not apply.
Main duties include, but are not limited to:
Key Responsibilities
•	Generate and follow up with leads
•	Buyer and seller consultations
•	Client viewings (this may include weekends and out of working hours)
•	Ability to handle negotiations and contract-to-close activities
•	The applicant must have their own existing network and contacts of buyers and sellers of properties within the UAE
•	Responsible for working in a target driven sales environment
•	Ability to work well within a team environment
•	Sets goals and strives to achieve them with enthusiasm and determination
•	Complete all necessary documentation associated with listing and selling property within the UAE
•	Ensure potential customers are provided with reliable and accurate information regarding properties
•	Attend to sales enquiries and meetings professionally and maintain a high standard of service
•	Source potential clients and establish a good work relationship
Skills
•	Minimum of 1 year UAE real estate experience
•	RERA certified
•	Experience with dealing with high-net worth individuals and VIP clientele
•	Driving license and own vehicle
•	Computer literate in basic software
•	Excellent communication skills in English
•	Willingness to work outside of working hours and on weekends
•	Must have a detailed knowledge of property and contract laws relevant to buying, selling and leasing property.
•	Presentable, confident and driven
•	Good time management skills
•	Assertive and willingness to work independently
•	Good interpersonal skills
Job Details
Job Location:
Dubai, United Arab Emirates
Company Industry:
Real Estate
Company Type:
Employer (Private Sector)
Job Role:
Sales
Joining Date:
Unspecified
Employment Status:
Full time
Employment Type:
Employee
Monthly Salary Range:
Unspecified
Manages Others:
No
Number of Vacancies:
1
Preferred Candidate
Career Level:
Mid Career
Years of Experience:
Min: 1
Residence Location:
United Arab Emirates
Gender:
Unspecified
Nationality:
Austria; Belgium; Denmark; Finland; France; Germany; Great Britain (UK); Greece; Iceland; Ireland; Italy; Luxembourg; Netherlands; Norway; Portugal; Spain; Sweden; Switzerland
Degree:
Certification / diploma
About This Company
Kendal & Co was established with the main aim to reformulate the standards of client relations within the Dubai real estate industry, through the utmost integrity and ambiguity. We strive to provide service of the highest quality, our ethical standards, straightforward dealings and open-book transparency is unparalleled.We instil a culture of innovation, discretion and foresight throughout the company and we strive to make the complex process of buying or selling a property in Dubai as simple as possible for our clients.
Date Posted: 2014/05/01 08:41:30
Ref. JB3046216
Similar Jobs
Recommended Courses
Invite Your
Friends to Bayt.com
Find Jobs
About Bayt.com
Bayt.com is the leading job site in the Gulf and Middle East, connecting job seekers with employers looking to hire.
Every day, thousands of new job vacancies are listed on the award-winning platform from the region's top employers.
Company
Quick Links
Follow
© 2000-2014 Bayt.com, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
-
Reproduction of material from any Bayt.com pages without written permission is strictly prohibited.