Dealer Sales Manager | AFM HO | Abu Dhabi Job in Dubai - Al Futtaim Group - Bayt.com
OK
Cancel
Loading...
Loading...
Jobs
Jobs
Salaries
People Companies Specialties
- All -
- All -Algeria (12)Bahrain (115)Dubai (1555)Egypt (495)Iraq (81)Jordan (390)Kuwait (740)Lebanon (249)Libya (16)Morocco (12)Oman (96)Pakistan (33)Qatar (1055)Saudi Arabia (2766)Sri Lanka (62)Tunisia (6)UAE (3582)Yemen (3)
Loading...
Menu - []
›
› Job Description
Dealer Sales Manager | AFM HO | Abu Dhabi
- ,
Gold Career Provider
This employer achieved a Gold Career Provider status based on their record of hiring on Bayt.com.
Date Posted: 2014/05/01 06:00:04
Ref. JB3046153
Job Description
About the Company:
Al-Futtaim Motors occupies the pre-eminent position of the largest distributor of automotive products in the Emirates, and leads the rapid development of automobile business in the UAE, while continuing to contribute to Toyota's worldwide growth.
Today, Al-Futtaim Motors is synonymous with Toyota and Lexus, which enjoys undisputed leadership in the UAE in terms of the largest number of vehicles on the road. Besides Toyota, AF Motors also holds exclusive franchises for some of the world's top automobiles and automotive products like Hino - Japan's leading heavy-duty vehicle manufacturer, Toyo & Chen shin/ Maxxis tyres, GS & Panasonic batteries and many more.
About the Job:
Reports to: Head of Dealer Sales and Marketing
Direct Reports: Dealer Sales Executives
Department: Dealer Sales & Marketing Department
Location: Abu Dhabi - Abu Dhabi Motor World, Shamka.
Grade: H
JOB PURPOSE:
* To lead a Sales team to achieve or exceed the Company's targeted sales volume and Profit through a Dealer Network with good customer service.
* Continuous visits to Dealers/Customers with Sales Associates to improve business relationships to increase AFM's market share in the Parallel importers market.
* Periodical reports on illegal importers activities in the automobile market in UAE with recommendations for required actions in time.
* To review product specifications and recommendations to be on top amongst competition.
* To ensure that the department is adequately staffed, trained & motivated to deliver sales objectives effectively.
DESCRIPTION:
Financial Performance
* To ensure sales performance against targeted volume and margin is achieved.
* Ensure accurate and timely reporting of automobile market intelligence reports on illegal importers activities and required actions to Head of Dealer Operations on an ongoing basis.
* Credit management and account receivables on time.
* Ensure Employee engagement and values with associates.
* Ensuring adherence to Company SOPs and controls.
Associate Engagement
* Facilitate associate engagement by providing required training, supports to deliver our customer service values; the world's warmest welcome, responding to customer needs, transparency and ease of doing business etc.
* Focus on Sales business fundamentals and Be a DMM Champion
Human Resource Development
* Develop a performance management culture and Drive Sales performance on daily basis. Ensure heads are in line with the Budget and forecasted Sales. Ensure the adherence of all HR Policies and Procedures in terms of activity levels, objective setting and Performance Management.  Adopt a zero tolerance approach to all bias based on race, gender or culture.
* Create personal development plans for all associates regularly.  To Monitor and discuss progress with them.
* Review performance and reward top performers on a regular basis.
* Where necessary, coach the team to deliver sales efficiencies and upgrade the knowledge and skills of the team. Employ effective strategies for improving Team product knowledge skills.
Communications
* Manage daily functional and operational activities of the Dealer Sales Team through coordination, regular discussions, daily/monthly meetings and weekly updates with team members to achieve targets.
* Be a fully supportive team member by sharing experience and best practices with peers and colleagues
Innovation
* Continuously review, monitor and evaluate sales opportunities. Develop and implement sales marketing campaigns. Develop customer contact strategies. Promote and adjust business strategies to achieve Budget.
Financial Controls
* Ensure operation of AFM SOPs.  Zero issues of major concern on audits. Protection of AFM via appropriate control on debts
JOB CONTEXT:
This role is critical to the success of AFM's drive for profitability
Skills
About You:Minimum Qualifications and Knowledge:
* Degree in Business (MBA)or equivalent
Minimum Experience:
* Minimum 8-10 years' experience in Sales where 5 years in Management role.
Job-Specific Skills:
* Excellent knowledge of principles and processes for providing customer and personal services. This includes customer needs assessment, meeting quality standards for services, and evaluation of customer satisfaction.
English Language: Excellent knowledge of the structure and content of the English language including the meaning and spelling of words, rules of composition, and grammar.
Arabic Language:  Excellent working knowledge of the structure and content of Arabic, including the meaning and spelling of words, rules of composition, and grammar.
Behavioural Competencies :
* Positive leadership and Motivating, developing, and directing people as they work, identifying the best people for the job.
* Coaching skills, effective decision maker with honesty and integrity.  Creative thinker to find innovative solutions to problems.
* Understanding the implications of new information for both current and future problem-solving and decision-making.
* Job requires accepting criticism and dealing calmly and effectively with high stress situations.
* Persuasive selling and tenacious skills, Able to deal with stress, patient, persistent.
Computer Skills
* Job requires the knowledge in worksheets, word processing, presentation and database management.
Job Details
Job Location:
Dubai, United Arab Emirates
Company Industry:
Automotive
Company Type:
Employer (Private Sector)
Job Role:
Sales
Joining Date:
Unspecified
Employment Status:
Full time
Employment Type:
Employee
Monthly Salary Range:
Unspecified
Manages Others:
No
Number of Vacancies:
1
Preferred Candidate
Career Level:
Management
Years of Experience:
Unspecified
Residence Location:
Unspecified
Gender:
Male
Nationality:
Unspecified
Degree:
Unspecified
About This Company
Established in the 1930s as a trading business, Al-Futtaim is one of the most progressive regional business houses headquartered in Dubai, United Arab Emirates.Structured into six divisions; automotive, retail, electronics, engineering and technology, real estate, financial services and general services, Al-Futtaim operates through more than 60 companies and maintains a decentralised approach, giving individual businesses flexibility and versatility to maintain a competitive stance. Employing in excess of 20,000 people across the UAE, Bahrain, Kuwait, Qatar, Oman, Egypt, Syria, Pakistan, Singapore and Europe, this approach benefits employees, providing a clearly defined work culture where individuals are empowered with authority and responsibility for their work. The success of Al-Futtaim is attributed to proactively managing change whilst upholding the values of integrity, service and social responsibility. The majority of businesses, built on a portfolio of world leading brands, dominate their sector.
Date Posted: 2014/05/01 06:00:04
Ref. JB3046153
Recommended Courses
Invite Your
Friends to Bayt.com
Find Jobs
About Bayt.com
Bayt.com is the leading job site in the Gulf and Middle East, connecting job seekers with employers looking to hire.
Every day, thousands of new job vacancies are listed on the award-winning platform from the region's top employers.
Company
Quick Links
Follow
© 2000-2014 Bayt.com, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
-
Reproduction of material from any Bayt.com pages without written permission is strictly prohibited.