Retail Sales Executive | Al-Futtaim Motors - Toyota Job in Dubai - Al Futtaim Group - Bayt.com
OK
Cancel
Loading...
Loading...
Jobs
Jobs
Salaries
People Companies Specialties
- All -
- All -Algeria (12)Bahrain (115)Dubai (1555)Egypt (495)Iraq (81)Jordan (390)Kuwait (740)Lebanon (249)Libya (16)Morocco (12)Oman (96)Pakistan (33)Qatar (1055)Saudi Arabia (2766)Sri Lanka (62)Tunisia (6)UAE (3582)Yemen (3)
Loading...
Menu - []
›
› Job Description
Retail Sales Executive | Al-Futtaim Motors - Toyota
- ,
Gold Career Provider
This employer achieved a Gold Career Provider status based on their record of hiring on Bayt.com.
Date Posted: 2014/05/01 06:00:04
Ref. JB3046154
Job Description
About the Company:
Al-Futtaim Motors occupies the pre-eminent position of the largest distributor of automotive products in the Emirates, and leads the rapid development of automobile business in the UAE, while continuing to contribute to Toyota's worldwide growth.
Today, Al-Futtaim Motors is synonymous with Toyota and Lexus, which enjoy undisputed leadership in the UAE in terms of the largest number of vehicles on the road. Besides Toyota, we also hold exclusive franchises for some of the world's top automobiles and automotive products like Hino - Japan's leading heavy-duty vehicle manufacturer, Toyo & Chen shin/ Maxxis tyres, GS & Panasonic batteries and many more.
About the Job:
The Sales Executive is primarily responsible for achieving/exceeding the targeted sales of AFM Vehicles   (Toyota) while maintaining/ improving the customer service experience.
The main duties within the role include the following:
* Achieve/Exceed monthly/annual sales target while maximizing the profitability of the branch by focusing on both the net sales and gross margin earnings. This includes utilizing discounts as a tool to close deals.
* Ensure that the customer's expectations always meet or exceed the standard set by Toyota showrooms.
* Attend all daily sales meetings and modular training sessions  that introduce new products and make sure the Sales Manager is informed if additional training is required. Attend all product  launch trainings for new vehicles.
* Awareness on competitor activities/their products and discuss the data with the branch Sales Manager to facilitate the necessary strategic planning by the management.
* Document and maintain all records pertaining to the area of activity on Fast Track for future reference and for use by the Sales and Branch Managers.
Skills
About You:
The ideal candidate will have the following qualifications and experience:
* Strong knowledge of Sales process, F&I;, structure, systems and methodology.
* High School Diploma or equivalent is a must; bachelor's degree desired.
* Previous Sales experience an advantage; Auto Sales experience desired.
* Quantitative and analytical skills and PC proficiency.
* Languages:  Fluent English, Arabic and any other language considered an advantage.
* Negotiation Skills.
* Customer Service Skills.
* Effective communicator.
* Influencing skills.
Job Details
Job Location:
Dubai, United Arab Emirates
Company Industry:
Sales
Company Type:
Employer (Private Sector)
Job Role:
Sales
Joining Date:
Unspecified
Employment Status:
Unspecified
Employment Type:
Unspecified
Monthly Salary Range:
Unspecified
Manages Others:
No
Number of Vacancies:
1
Preferred Candidate
Career Level:
Mid Career
Years of Experience:
Unspecified
Residence Location:
Unspecified
Gender:
Unspecified
Nationality:
Unspecified
Degree:
Unspecified
About This Company
Established in the 1930s as a trading business, Al-Futtaim is one of the most progressive regional business houses headquartered in Dubai, United Arab Emirates.Structured into six divisions; automotive, retail, electronics, engineering and technology, real estate, financial services and general services, Al-Futtaim operates through more than 60 companies and maintains a decentralised approach, giving individual businesses flexibility and versatility to maintain a competitive stance. Employing in excess of 20,000 people across the UAE, Bahrain, Kuwait, Qatar, Oman, Egypt, Syria, Pakistan, Singapore and Europe, this approach benefits employees, providing a clearly defined work culture where individuals are empowered with authority and responsibility for their work. The success of Al-Futtaim is attributed to proactively managing change whilst upholding the values of integrity, service and social responsibility. The majority of businesses, built on a portfolio of world leading brands, dominate their sector.
Date Posted: 2014/05/01 06:00:04
Ref. JB3046154
Similar Jobs
Recommended Courses
Invite Your
Friends to Bayt.com
Find Jobs
About Bayt.com
Bayt.com is the leading job site in the Gulf and Middle East, connecting job seekers with employers looking to hire.
Every day, thousands of new job vacancies are listed on the award-winning platform from the region's top employers.
Company
Quick Links
Follow
© 2000-2014 Bayt.com, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
-
Reproduction of material from any Bayt.com pages without written permission is strictly prohibited.