Sales Executive | Al Futtaim Honda Job in United Arab Emirates - Al Futtaim Group - Bayt.com
OK
Cancel
Loading...
Loading...
Jobs
Jobs
Salaries
People Companies Specialties
- All -
- All -Algeria (12)Bahrain (115)Dubai (1555)Egypt (495)Iraq (81)Jordan (390)Kuwait (740)Lebanon (249)Libya (16)Morocco (12)Oman (96)Pakistan (33)Qatar (1055)Saudi Arabia (2766)Sri Lanka (0)Tunisia (6)UAE (3582)Yemen (3)
Loading...
Menu - []
›
› Job Description
Sales Executive | Al Futtaim Honda
-
Gold Career Provider
This employer achieved a Gold Career Provider status based on their record of hiring on Bayt.com.
Date Posted: 2014/05/01 06:00:03
Ref. JB3046151
Job Description
The Company:
Al-Futtaim Honda, part of the Automotive Division of Al-Futtaim Group, is the sole distributor for Honda vehicles, pre-owned cars, motorcycles, marine engines, power products and parts. Recognized as one of the largest independent Honda distribution companies in the world.
Al-Futtaim Honda is supported by a network of 10 modern showrooms and 11 aftersales facilities located across the UAE. The flagship Honda Dubai Festival City showroom was officially confirmed by Honda as the largest Honda showroom in the world.
The Role:
We are currently looking to recruit experienced Sales Executives to work within our Honda operations in Dubai.
The primary focus of the role will be to achieve and exceed allocated unit sales targets, by ensuring maximum customer satisfaction.
Your main duties within the role include the following:
* Achieve or exceed sales targets which can vary monthly
* To retain maximum vehicle profit retention and sell vehicle  add on accessories
* To ensure 100% referral to Business Manager to maximise F&I; and products
* To maximise individual & team contribution of Customer Service Values in line with company expectation
* Ensure all customer data is captured accurately and fully uploaded on to Fastrack
* 100% attendance and time keeping to ensure customers are dealt with throughout business opening hours
* Adhere to all company rules and regulations
* Build on and retain relationship with existing & conquest customers long term
* Understand and fully implement Sales Process
* Understand and achieve KPI's
* Sales Volume: Achieve and maintain the Company prescribed sales standards for his/her area of operation, which improves and maintains company and brand image and prestige
* Business Objectives: Achieve or exceed the allocated sales target
* Customer Satisfaction: Deliver excellent customer service, thereby ensuring maximum customer satisfaction and repeat sales
* Company Sales and Prospecting Systems: Adhere to company sales and prospecting systems. Achieve or exceed the target on number of prospects logged which ensures achievement of Company's business objectives and a larger customer/prospect base
* Cash and Credit Control: Ensure that Company procedures are adhered to while handling cash and credit customers. This ensures safety of cash and minimal chances of any loss
* Continuous Improvement and Development: Constantly improve and update knowledge, especially product range, features and benefits, general automotive industry and technical developments, market trends, competitor analysis, sales techniques and customer handling skills.
Skills
Skills and Experience:
The ideal candidate will have the following qualifications:
* Hold a full, clean UAE driver's license.
* High school diploma or equivalent
* Minimum 2 years' experience in automotive industry
* Knowledge of principles and processes for providing customer and personal services. This includes customer needs assessment, meeting quality standards for services, and evaluation of customer satisfaction.
* Excellent knowledge of the structure and content of the English and Arabic language including the meaning and spelling of words, rules of composition, and grammar.
* Managing one's own time
* Monitoring/Assessing performance of self
* Understanding the implications of new information for both current and future problem-solving and
Job Details
Job Location:
United Arab Emirates
Company Industry:
Automotive
Company Type:
Employer (Private Sector)
Job Role:
Sales
Joining Date:
Unspecified
Employment Status:
Full time
Employment Type:
Employee
Monthly Salary Range:
Unspecified
Manages Others:
No
Number of Vacancies:
1
Preferred Candidate
Career Level:
Mid Career
Years of Experience:
Unspecified
Residence Location:
Unspecified
Gender:
Unspecified
Nationality:
Unspecified
Degree:
Unspecified
About This Company
Established in the 1930s as a trading business, Al-Futtaim is one of the most progressive regional business houses headquartered in Dubai, United Arab Emirates.Structured into six divisions; automotive, retail, electronics, engineering and technology, real estate, financial services and general services, Al-Futtaim operates through more than 60 companies and maintains a decentralised approach, giving individual businesses flexibility and versatility to maintain a competitive stance. Employing in excess of 20,000 people across the UAE, Bahrain, Kuwait, Qatar, Oman, Egypt, Syria, Pakistan, Singapore and Europe, this approach benefits employees, providing a clearly defined work culture where individuals are empowered with authority and responsibility for their work. The success of Al-Futtaim is attributed to proactively managing change whilst upholding the values of integrity, service and social responsibility. The majority of businesses, built on a portfolio of world leading brands, dominate their sector.
Date Posted: 2014/05/01 06:00:03
Ref. JB3046151
Similar Jobs
Recommended Courses
Invite Your
Friends to Bayt.com
Find Jobs
About Bayt.com
Bayt.com is the leading job site in the Gulf and Middle East, connecting job seekers with employers looking to hire.
Every day, thousands of new job vacancies are listed on the award-winning platform from the region's top employers.
Company
Quick Links
Follow
© 2000-2014 Bayt.com, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
-
Reproduction of material from any Bayt.com pages without written permission is strictly prohibited.