Branch Sales Manager | Automall Job in Abu Dhabi - Al Futtaim Group - Bayt.com
OK
Cancel
Loading...
Loading...
Jobs
Jobs
Salaries
People Companies Specialties
- All -
- All -Algeria (12)Bahrain (115)Dubai (1555)Egypt (495)Iraq (81)Jordan (390)Kuwait (740)Lebanon (249)Libya (16)Morocco (12)Oman (96)Pakistan (33)Qatar (1055)Saudi Arabia (2766)Sri Lanka (0)Tunisia (6)UAE (3582)Yemen (3)
Loading...
Menu - []
›
› Job Description
Branch Sales Manager | Automall
- ,
Gold Career Provider
This employer achieved a Gold Career Provider status based on their record of hiring on Bayt.com.
Date Posted: 2014/05/01 06:00:03
Ref. JB3046152
Job Description
About the Company:
Al-Futtaim is regarded as a pioneer in the lower Gulf region's automotive industry and encompasses every aspect of the automotive business, from passenger and commercial vehicles and construction equipment, sales and service to used car sales, rental and leasing. A comprehensive network of showrooms, service and sale centres cover the UAE and Gulf region providing customers with convenience, choice and the highest standards of after-sales service.
Al-Futtaim Automall is the Used Car Division of the Al-Futtaim Group and has been developed following extensive customer research, using worldwide best practices with the addition of market-leading customer service. Al Futtaim Automall is the largest and most trusted used vehicle retailer in the region for over a decade.
About the Job:
We are currently looking for a Branch Sales Manager to be based in  Dubai.
Job Purpose:
To manage the sales functions for the assigned specific portfolio by executing sales strategies. Ensure that the sales team adheres to the company mission, vision and values by monitoring the application of standard operating procedures. Responsible for the achievement of the specific portfolio goals by directing sales teams to achieve targets as required by the Branch management.
KEY ACCOUNTABILITIES:
* Supervises daily performance of Sales team by following up on used vehicle sales achievements and taking part in irregular transactions during peak season to ensure the required sales target is achieved.
* Manage sales teams to achieve pre-determined operational targets by providing and analysing business plans to meet operation targets determined by the centre management.
* Monitor and evaluate the sales team performance to ensure that the specific portfolios of business performances are met by taking corrective action in conjunction with the centre management, whenever required.
* Responsible for ensuring sales processes are efficient and customer complaints are managed by promoting standard sales procedures to the sales team members
* Coach sales team members to deliver a consistent standard of Automall Customer Care, while taking actions to develop individuals for future growth within the organization
* Responsible for the clear and effective cascade and implementation of Marketing Campaigns and strategies to Sales Team.
* Ensure business process standards are maintained, including the monitoring of Customer data capture and accuracy at all Point of Sales
* Supervises the sales team activities to ensure that all activities are carried out as per the company's policies and procedures through effective communication and monitoring.
* Initiate dialogue with Sales team and branch management to discuss and address sales target issues, customer complaints and improvement opportunities through regular meetings.
* Meet with the Sales team to update on product knowledge through regular discussion and sharing information to enhance sales team confidence and performance.
* Address customer complaints that require support from the Sales Supervisor and Sales Executive to maintain customer satisfaction and achieve Customer Engagement targets.
* Manage documentation and legal government relation matters pertaining to the sales function by adhering to the prescribed government rules and procedures to minimize legal implications to the business (applicable to used car operations).
* Provide sales performance report to NSM by consolidating weekly, monthly and yearly sales performance vs. target for review and appropriate action of the management
* Act as radar for Marketing department and provide customer and market feedback on products and competitive activity
* Manage priorities and target achievement by ensuring clear and open lines of communication between Sales and Back Office teams, including Stock Yard and Accountants.
* Continuously monitor and analyse sales achievements by carrying out branch sales and
Skills
About You:Minimum Qualifications and Knowledge:  Bachelor's Degree or Equivalent
Minimum Experience: 8 years experience in Sales where 2 years in supervisory role
Job-Specific Skills:
* Customer (Guest) and Personal Service: Knowledge of principles and processes for providing customer and personal services. This includes customer needs assessment, meeting quality standards for services, and evaluation of customer satisfaction.
* Administration and Management: Basic Knowledge of business and management principles involved in resource allocation, and coordination of people and resources.
* Sales and Marketing: Basic knowledge of principles and methods for promoting, and selling products or services. This includes basic marketing strategy and sales techniques, product demonstration and sales control systems.
* Personnel and Human Resources: Limited knowledge of principles and procedures for personnel selection, training, compensation and benefits, labour relations and negotiation, and personnel information systems.
* Financial and Accounting: General knowledge of Accounting and Financial principles and procedures.
* English Language: Basic knowledge of the structure and content of the English language including the meaning and spelling of words, rules of composition, and grammar.
* Arabic Language:  Limited knowledge of the structure and content of the Arabic language including the meaning and spelling of words, rules of composition, and grammar.
* Behavioural Competencies : Leadership abilities, a self starter.
* Time Management: Managing one's own time and the time of others.
* Management of Personnel Resources: Motivating, developing, and directing people as they work, identifying the best people for the job.
* Monitoring: Monit
Job Details
Job Location:
Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates
Company Industry:
Automotive
Company Type:
Employer (Private Sector)
Job Role:
Sales
Joining Date:
Unspecified
Employment Status:
Full time
Employment Type:
Employee
Monthly Salary Range:
Unspecified
Manages Others:
No
Number of Vacancies:
1
Preferred Candidate
Career Level:
Management
Years of Experience:
Unspecified
Residence Location:
Unspecified
Gender:
Unspecified
Nationality:
Unspecified
Degree:
Unspecified
About This Company
Established in the 1930s as a trading business, Al-Futtaim is one of the most progressive regional business houses headquartered in Dubai, United Arab Emirates.Structured into six divisions; automotive, retail, electronics, engineering and technology, real estate, financial services and general services, Al-Futtaim operates through more than 60 companies and maintains a decentralised approach, giving individual businesses flexibility and versatility to maintain a competitive stance. Employing in excess of 20,000 people across the UAE, Bahrain, Kuwait, Qatar, Oman, Egypt, Syria, Pakistan, Singapore and Europe, this approach benefits employees, providing a clearly defined work culture where individuals are empowered with authority and responsibility for their work. The success of Al-Futtaim is attributed to proactively managing change whilst upholding the values of integrity, service and social responsibility. The majority of businesses, built on a portfolio of world leading brands, dominate their sector.
Date Posted: 2014/05/01 06:00:03
Ref. JB3046152
Recommended Courses
Invite Your
Friends to Bayt.com
Find Jobs
About Bayt.com
Bayt.com is the leading job site in the Gulf and Middle East, connecting job seekers with employers looking to hire.
Every day, thousands of new job vacancies are listed on the award-winning platform from the region's top employers.
Company
Quick Links
Follow
© 2000-2014 Bayt.com, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
-
Reproduction of material from any Bayt.com pages without written permission is strictly prohibited.