FAMCO | Sales Engineer - Pacific Machinary Job in United Arab Emirates - Al Futtaim Group - Bayt.com
OK
Cancel
Loading...
Loading...
Jobs
Jobs
Salaries
People Companies Specialties
- All -
- All -Algeria (12)Bahrain (115)Dubai (1555)Egypt (495)Iraq (81)Jordan (390)Kuwait (740)Lebanon (249)Libya (16)Morocco (12)Oman (96)Pakistan (33)Qatar (1055)Saudi Arabia (2766)Sri Lanka (0)Tunisia (6)UAE (3582)Yemen (3)
Loading...
Menu - []
›
› Job Description
FAMCO | Sales Engineer - Pacific Machinary
-
Gold Career Provider
This employer achieved a Gold Career Provider status based on their record of hiring on Bayt.com.
Date Posted: 2014/05/01 06:00:02
Ref. JB3046146
Job Description
About the Business:
FAMCO (Al-Futtaim Auto & Machinery Co.) is a market leading supplier of products & services to a diverse range of industries & commercial undertakings covering the transportation, construction, manufacturing, warehousing, oil & gas and marine sectors. FAMCO serves these industries with world-class brands like Volvo Trucks, Volvo Buses, Volvo Construction Equipment, Merlo, Ingersoll Rand, Linde, Dexion, Yanmar, Himoinsa, Stanley Proto, Fenner, Bruynzeel, Mobel Linea, Meco, Bott, Stertil, Hart & Nassau.
FAMCO has operations in Dubai, Abu Dhabi, Al Ain & Ras Al Khaimah. The company's development and success has been based on an in-depth understanding of customer needs and the dedication of its skilled staff.
FAMCO is committed to providing outstanding second-to-none service levels to customers and to maintaining quality, safety and environmental standards at the highest possible levels. FAMCO is an ISO 9001:2008 & ISO 14001:2004 certified company.
About the Job:
We are currently looking to recruit an experienced Sales Engineer - for our Pacific Machinary division within FAMCO, to be based in Dubai.
Main Role:
* To plan and carry out direct sales and marketing activities to major accounts.
* To identify and develop new sales accounts leading to the implementation and delivery of the set budget in the accountable territory.
* The job holder shall continuously strive to achieve outstanding customer service, have an excellent understanding of the customer's commercial transport applications and be able to translate our product features into added value benefits to our client's.
Key Responsibilities:
* Implement divisional set strategies to achieve growth objectives and enhance overall sales achievements.
* Plan and carry out direct field sales activities within the assigned territory to meet agreed budgets, sales volumes, values, product mix and timescales.
* Manage and follow up existing key accounts in the different market segments within the territory. Aim to achieve outstanding customer service performance as measured by monthly CSI's.
* Implement the Market segmentation strategies; geographically and by type of business. Screen the designated territory and classify customers accordingly.
* To prepare tenders technical offers and to check all legal terms and conditions.
* Support local marketing activities to agreed budgets and timescales, and integrate efforts with other organized marketing activities, eg., product launches, promotions, advertising, and exhibitions.
* To regularly review sales targets as well as ensure proper collection of receivables & debtor days.
* Attend training and to develop relevant knowledge, techniques and skills.
* Prepare and deliver product technical presentations that explain product features, competitive advantages or services to prospective customers.
* Negotiate terms and condition of an agreement and conclude sales deals
Skills
About You:Qualifications & Experience:
* Degree in Mechanical /Electrical Engineering
* Must have Truck and Buses sector experience
* Team player, Exceptional Presentation Skills, Proactive work style, creativity, energy
* Proficiency in the use of Personal Computers, and knowledge of Microsoft applications.
* Professional experience in the Heavy Equipment.
* Vast Knowledge of the local Gulf market dynamics. Able to communicate fluently in English written and spoken. (Hindi and/or Urdo will be an advantage)
* UAE driving license an advantage
* Minimum of 3 years of Sales experience
Job Details
Job Location:
United Arab Emirates
Company Industry:
Engineering
Company Type:
Employer (Private Sector)
Job Role:
Sales
Joining Date:
Unspecified
Employment Status:
Unspecified
Employment Type:
Unspecified
Monthly Salary Range:
Unspecified
Manages Others:
No
Number of Vacancies:
1
Preferred Candidate
Career Level:
Mid Career
Years of Experience:
Unspecified
Residence Location:
Unspecified
Gender:
Unspecified
Nationality:
Unspecified
Degree:
Unspecified
About This Company
Established in the 1930s as a trading business, Al-Futtaim is one of the most progressive regional business houses headquartered in Dubai, United Arab Emirates.Structured into six divisions; automotive, retail, electronics, engineering and technology, real estate, financial services and general services, Al-Futtaim operates through more than 60 companies and maintains a decentralised approach, giving individual businesses flexibility and versatility to maintain a competitive stance. Employing in excess of 20,000 people across the UAE, Bahrain, Kuwait, Qatar, Oman, Egypt, Syria, Pakistan, Singapore and Europe, this approach benefits employees, providing a clearly defined work culture where individuals are empowered with authority and responsibility for their work. The success of Al-Futtaim is attributed to proactively managing change whilst upholding the values of integrity, service and social responsibility. The majority of businesses, built on a portfolio of world leading brands, dominate their sector.
Date Posted: 2014/05/01 06:00:02
Ref. JB3046146
Recommended Courses
Invite Your
Friends to Bayt.com
Find Jobs
About Bayt.com
Bayt.com is the leading job site in the Gulf and Middle East, connecting job seekers with employers looking to hire.
Every day, thousands of new job vacancies are listed on the award-winning platform from the region's top employers.
Company
Quick Links
Follow
© 2000-2014 Bayt.com, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
-
Reproduction of material from any Bayt.com pages without written permission is strictly prohibited.