Head Process Innovation and Improvement | Enterprise IT Job in Dubai - Al Futtaim Group - Bayt.com
OK
Cancel
Loading...
Loading...
Jobs
Jobs
Salaries
People Companies Specialties
- All -
- All -Algeria (12)Bahrain (115)Dubai (1555)Egypt (495)Iraq (81)Jordan (390)Kuwait (740)Lebanon (249)Libya (16)Morocco (12)Oman (96)Pakistan (33)Qatar (1055)Saudi Arabia (2766)Sri Lanka (62)Tunisia (6)UAE (3582)Yemen (3)
Loading...
Menu - []
›
› Job Description
Head Process Innovation and Improvement | Enterprise IT
- ,
Gold Career Provider
This employer achieved a Gold Career Provider status based on their record of hiring on Bayt.com.
Date Posted: 2014/05/01 06:00:02
Ref. JB3046148
Job Description
Department:
Al-Futtaim Enterprise IT provides support to the Al-Futtaim Group across all geographies.  It manages the IT application and infrastructure across various lines of business including Automotive, Retail, Real Estate and Financial Services.  The core components of EIT are Business Application Management, Infrastructure & Operations, Enterprise Architecture, Service Management, Information Security, IT Procurement and IT Governance.
Position:
The Head Process Innovation and Improvement needs to engage with business users, internal IT staff and then evaluate the pain points in the Business Processes. The Head Process improvement and Innovation will be responsible for proactively reaching out to Automotive user community and suggest areas of improvement in the business process along with its impact on IT Solution in the automotive domain and should be in position to suggest and evaluate appropriate solution to  meet business requirements. The candidate will provide an expert level of skills & knowledge in identifying pain points within business process and strive to provide a system solution to overcome the same where possible. S/he should also be in position to put forth the impact of such improvements from Organizational changes and justify the business case for such improvements.
Other responsibilities will include:
* Be a single point of contact for Head SAP Automotive Delivery, Enterprise Architect, Sr. Business Solution manager, Automotive Business Application Manager and Project manager from process optimization perspective.
* Provide appropriate skill sets to perform technical evaluation of the Automotive business its associated IT process and suggest improvements/modifications to the same.
Skills
Experience:
The successful candidate will have the following skills, qualifications and experience -
A minimum of Ten-Twelve (10-12) years' experience in solution delivery and support of Automotive processes with at least three to five (3-5) years of team lead or project management expertise. Involvement in Five (5) full project life cycles of significant size, scope and complexity (Required).  Overall work experience of more than 18-20 years is required for this position.
* The knowledge of SAP logistics and accounting modules and its integration with other SAP modules is required.
* Knowledge of external and appropriate third party applications in the Automotive domain which would interface with SAP system.
* Proactive and self starter to identify process areas of improvement.
* Domain knowledge of Automotive vertical is essential.
* Has extensive experience delivering end to end IT solutions.
* Solve unique and complex problems with broad impact on the business
* Be a team player and have persuasive skills for managing relations within the team and with other stake holders in EIT and Business.
*  Experience in improvement of solutions that encompass complex processing for automotive industry.
* Involvement in SAP Automotive environment as a Solution lead is absolutely essential.
* A degree in Information Systems or Business Administration related discipline (preferred).
* SAP certification / TOGAF/ TERP 10 will be a plus.
* Prior working experience as Project manager or Team lead is a plus.
* Knowledge of SAP Solution Manager will be highly regarded.
Job Details
Job Location:
Dubai, United Arab Emirates
Company Industry:
Information Technology
Company Type:
Employer (Private Sector)
Job Role:
Technology/IT
Joining Date:
Unspecified
Employment Status:
Unspecified
Employment Type:
Unspecified
Monthly Salary Range:
Unspecified
Manages Others:
No
Number of Vacancies:
1
Preferred Candidate
Career Level:
Mid Career
Years of Experience:
Unspecified
Residence Location:
Unspecified
Gender:
Unspecified
Nationality:
Unspecified
Degree:
Unspecified
About This Company
Established in the 1930s as a trading business, Al-Futtaim is one of the most progressive regional business houses headquartered in Dubai, United Arab Emirates.Structured into six divisions; automotive, retail, electronics, engineering and technology, real estate, financial services and general services, Al-Futtaim operates through more than 60 companies and maintains a decentralised approach, giving individual businesses flexibility and versatility to maintain a competitive stance. Employing in excess of 20,000 people across the UAE, Bahrain, Kuwait, Qatar, Oman, Egypt, Syria, Pakistan, Singapore and Europe, this approach benefits employees, providing a clearly defined work culture where individuals are empowered with authority and responsibility for their work. The success of Al-Futtaim is attributed to proactively managing change whilst upholding the values of integrity, service and social responsibility. The majority of businesses, built on a portfolio of world leading brands, dominate their sector.
Date Posted: 2014/05/01 06:00:02
Ref. JB3046148
Similar Jobs
Recommended Courses
Invite Your
Friends to Bayt.com
Find Jobs
About Bayt.com
Bayt.com is the leading job site in the Gulf and Middle East, connecting job seekers with employers looking to hire.
Every day, thousands of new job vacancies are listed on the award-winning platform from the region's top employers.
Company
Quick Links
Follow
© 2000-2014 Bayt.com, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
-
Reproduction of material from any Bayt.com pages without written permission is strictly prohibited.