Sales Coordinator | Automall Job in Dubai - Al Futtaim Group - Bayt.com
OK
Cancel
Loading...
Loading...
Jobs
Jobs
Salaries
People Companies Specialties
- All -
- All -Algeria (12)Bahrain (115)Dubai (1555)Egypt (495)Iraq (81)Jordan (390)Kuwait (740)Lebanon (249)Libya (16)Morocco (12)Oman (96)Pakistan (33)Qatar (1055)Saudi Arabia (2766)Sri Lanka (62)Tunisia (6)UAE (3582)Yemen (3)
Loading...
Menu - []
›
› Job Description
Sales Coordinator | Automall
- ,
Gold Career Provider
This employer achieved a Gold Career Provider status based on their record of hiring on Bayt.com.
Date Posted: 2014/05/01 06:00:02
Ref. JB3046150
Job Description
About the Business:
Al-Futtaim Automall is the Used Car Division of the Al-Futtaim Group and has been developed following extensive customer research, using worldwide best practices with the addition of market-leading customer service which everyone expects from the Al-Futtaim Group.
About the Job:
We are currently looking to recruit a Sales Coordinator to work within our multi-franchised Automall operations, based in Dubai, UAE.
The primary focus of the role will be to contribute towards the planned growth and development of the Used Car Operation, in its aim to explore untapped opportunities and raise administrative effectiveness, thus optimising business in an increasingly sophisticated and expanding used car market.
Your main duties and responsibilities will include:
* Assist sales executives in day to day activities such as vehicle registrations, insurance, handover preparation to ensure a smooth sales process.
* Driver coordination
* Physical Inventory checks
* Display of vehicles
* Invoicing of vehicles
Skills
About You:
To apply for this role you should have the following skills, experiences and qualifications:
* Experience in a sales coordinators role.
* Proficient in MS Office - especially MS Excel
* Excellent communication and interpersonal skills
* Efficient co-ordination in respect of the day to day activities of a busy used car operation
* Outgoing personality with the ability to deal with people of diverse nationalities at various levels.
* Customer orientated, with decision making and problem solving abilities
Job Details
Job Location:
Dubai, United Arab Emirates
Company Industry:
Automotive
Company Type:
Employer (Private Sector)
Job Role:
Administration
Joining Date:
Unspecified
Employment Status:
Full time
Employment Type:
Employee
Monthly Salary Range:
Unspecified
Manages Others:
No
Number of Vacancies:
1
Preferred Candidate
Career Level:
Mid Career
Years of Experience:
Unspecified
Residence Location:
Unspecified
Gender:
Unspecified
Nationality:
Unspecified
Degree:
Unspecified
About This Company
Established in the 1930s as a trading business, Al-Futtaim is one of the most progressive regional business houses headquartered in Dubai, United Arab Emirates.Structured into six divisions; automotive, retail, electronics, engineering and technology, real estate, financial services and general services, Al-Futtaim operates through more than 60 companies and maintains a decentralised approach, giving individual businesses flexibility and versatility to maintain a competitive stance. Employing in excess of 20,000 people across the UAE, Bahrain, Kuwait, Qatar, Oman, Egypt, Syria, Pakistan, Singapore and Europe, this approach benefits employees, providing a clearly defined work culture where individuals are empowered with authority and responsibility for their work. The success of Al-Futtaim is attributed to proactively managing change whilst upholding the values of integrity, service and social responsibility. The majority of businesses, built on a portfolio of world leading brands, dominate their sector.
Date Posted: 2014/05/01 06:00:02
Ref. JB3046150
Similar Jobs
Recommended Courses
Invite Your
Friends to Bayt.com
Find Jobs
About Bayt.com
Bayt.com is the leading job site in the Gulf and Middle East, connecting job seekers with employers looking to hire.
Every day, thousands of new job vacancies are listed on the award-winning platform from the region's top employers.
Company
Quick Links
Follow
© 2000-2014 Bayt.com, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
-
Reproduction of material from any Bayt.com pages without written permission is strictly prohibited.