Operations Manager Job in Dubai - JUBAILI BROS - Bayt.com
OK
Cancel
Loading...
Loading...
Jobs
Jobs
Salaries
People Companies Specialties
- All -
- All -Algeria (12)Bahrain (115)Dubai (1556)Egypt (495)Iraq (81)Jordan (390)Kuwait (740)Lebanon (249)Libya (16)Morocco (12)Oman (96)Pakistan (33)Qatar (1055)Saudi Arabia (2766)Sri Lanka (62)Tunisia (6)UAE (3582)Yemen (3)
Loading...
Menu - []
›
› Job Description
Operations Manager
- ,
Date Posted: 2014/05/01 04:28:29
Ref. JB1847359
Job Description
The Operations Manager will be responsible for planning and coordinating the requirements of the company from procurement to delivery of products to ensure effective and efficient supply chain operations.
The position will also be responsible for the day to day operations of the generator assembly.
Skills
* Knowledge of the principles and procedures of Supply Chain Management (design, planning, execution, control, and monitoring of supply chain activities)
* Knowledge of raw materials, production processes, quality control, costs, and other techniques for maximizing the effective distribution of goods.
* Excellent communication skills
* Good computer skills
* Demonstrate a high level of integrity at all times.
* Decision making ability on all matters related to supply chain
* Has analysis/problem assessment capability
This job is posted in the following Specialties:
Education
Engineering Degree (Electrical, Mechanical, Industrial)
Job Details
Job Location:
Dubai, United Arab Emirates
Company Industry:
Manufacturing and Production
Company Type:
Employer (Private Sector)
Job Role:
Management
Joining Date:
Unspecified
Employment Status:
Full time
Employment Type:
Employee
Monthly Salary Range:
Unspecified
Manages Others:
Yes
Number of Vacancies:
1
Preferred Candidate
Career Level:
Management
Years of Experience:
Min: 7 Max: 15
Residence Location:
Bahrain; Kuwait; Oman; Qatar; Saudi Arabia; United Arab Emirates
Gender:
Male
Nationality:
Bahrain; Kuwait; Oman; Qatar; Saudi Arabia; United Arab Emirates
Degree:
Bachelor's degree / higher diploma
About This Company
Jubaili Bros. LLCJubaili Bros is a leading supplier of Power Solutions in the Middle East, Africa and Asia. The Company was established based upon a simple philosophy; to be the best at satisfying customer's electro-mechanical needs. Our Strength is being able to offer an extensive range of premium quality Diesel Power Generators (10 to 2200 KVA) Open & Silent - powered by Perkins and Lister Petter Engines, Power for Rent, Mobile Light Towers, 24/7 After Sales Service and a complete range of Genuine Spare Parts over a wide geographic coverage, enabling us to fulfill our customers' requirements and this is what makes Jubaili Bros YOUR PARTNER IN POWER.
Date Posted: 2014/05/01 04:28:29
Ref. JB1847359
Similar Jobs
Confidential Company - ,
Recommended Courses
Invite Your
Friends to Bayt.com
Find Jobs
About Bayt.com
Bayt.com is the leading job site in the Gulf and Middle East, connecting job seekers with employers looking to hire.
Every day, thousands of new job vacancies are listed on the award-winning platform from the region's top employers.
Company
Quick Links
Follow
© 2000-2014 Bayt.com, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
-
Reproduction of material from any Bayt.com pages without written permission is strictly prohibited.