alJazeera Jobs - Country Manager UAE
Jobs in Qatar, Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, Oman, Bahrain, Dubai, Abu Dhabi by alJazeera Jobs
Select Language
English
Francais
Deutsch
عربي
Español
Português
Русский
Nederlands
Türkçe
اردو
Contact alJazeera Jobs Bahrain: (+973) 16199-113
Serving Arabian Gulf Job Seekers since 2007, alJazeera Jobs
is the established, trusted and leading provider of Jobs in
, , , ,
and .
Subscribe to our custom developed Candidate
Management Service to proactively place your details in Arabic
and English into the HR systems of the leading employers in
the Gulf. Jump to the head of the queue and get hired, sign-up
.
JOB SEARCH
I'm looking for...
In location
Select Country
Saudi Arabia
UAE
Kuwait
Qatar
Bahrain
Oman
other
ACCOUNT MANAGEMENT:
|
Country Manager UAE
30 Apr 2014 10:14 PM - UAE
Job Description:
Hello, I'm looking for a Country manager in MEA area experienced Oil and Gas industry and Services. This is a permanent position located in Abu Dhabi. You will report to the Regional Director. The purpose is to manage the growth of the business centre and find other opportunities. The tasks: - Manage a Profit Centre - Be responsible for P&L; (20M US$) - Define a strategy to work Oil and gas market in this region and implement objectives - Lead the business development activities, find and develop new projects - Consolidate the current partnerships - Make sure that QHSE standards are respected - Manage a team of 10 people - Recruit new staff - Present reports to the company Profile: - Technical background in Oil and Gas - 15 years experience minimum in Oil and Gas industry - Skilled in budget, cost control and Profit and Loss - Experience in selling Services in Oil and Gas - Perfectly fluent in English - Arabic and french languages are a plus Package: - Fixed salary: 80/90KEUR - Bonus on targets 20% - Expat package 25% - IVL (local money) - accommodation + car If you are interested in such a challenge please: 1/ Send me your CV 2/ Tell me your availabilities and level of salary 3/ Write me down your key skills and motivations to be success (more...)
TNJ
Advertisement
|
|
|
|
|
All rights reserved - AlJazeeraJobs ® is a registered trade mark and unauthorised usage is strictly prohibited.
|
, , , , ,