Operational Risk Analyst - UAE job - Pro-Tax Recruitment Group - London | Indeed.co.uk
What:
Where:
job title, keywords or company
city or postcode
Operational Risk Analyst - UAE
Pro-Tax Recruitment Group
-
London
Pro-Finance are searching for an experienced Operational Risk Analyst to work in the UAE on a permanent basis. You will work in conjunction with investment department contacts to ensure a standardized and adequate operational risk assessment process for the businesses investments, reporting to the Chief Risk Officer.
MAIN RESPONSIBILITIES
Responsible for risk identification, assessment, monitoring /reportingand control from an economic,
market and quantitative perspective for all risk disciplines with aparticular focus on operational risk.
Pre-investment: Conduct a risk assessment review for each investment tobe presented to the Investment Committee. This will include providing a report to theInvestment Committee commenting on the balance of risk and rewards for eachinvestment.
Post Investment: Conduct operational risk reviews as per the annualoperational risk plan and interact with the Investment Department and Managerto identify key risks and agree on a risk mitigation plan.
Work with different Investment Department's to assist in presenting arisk profile to the Management Risk Committee on a regular basis.
Participate actively in Council-wide projects / initiatives.
Work closely with Fund Managers and Business Analysts. This will alsoinvolve liaising with staff at all
levels and other areas of the business, i.e. Accounting and FinancialServices, Compliance, Performance, Front and Back Office.
Carry out other similar or related duties as assigned.
Production of operational risk and due diligence reports
REQUIREMENTS
Bachelor's degree (general business or accounting major)
MBA or Certified Chartered Accountant
Experience in an operational risk / due diligence function at one ofthe leading global investment / financial services institutions.
Thorough knowledge of investment fund operations and risk managementpractices.
Significant experience in conducting due diligence or operational riskreviews for external fund managers or investments.
Operated within multiple asset classes: public and private investmentsin Equities, Fixed Income, Private Equity, Real Estate, Infrastructure andHedge funds.
Strong background in internal or external audit within the financial sector (Preferably in London or New York).
Excellent organizational skills with a proven ability to managemultiple projects simultaneously.
Strong analytical and developmental skills.
Good communication and presentation skills in English (spoken andwritten).
Able to communicate effectively with all levels of management within the Business, share the benefit of their experience, identify and raise currentissues and risks, and do so in a clear, succinct and supportive manner.
Team player with a "can do attitude" and willing to share knowledgepro-actively and learn from colleagues.
The Pro-Recruitment Groups consists of 3 distinct brands: Pro-Tax, Pro-Legal and Pro-Finance:
reed.co.uk
- 5 days ago
-
save job
-
»
Recommended Jobs
Integral -
London
Taxation-jobs.co.uk - 12 days ago
Standard Life -
London
Retail Financial Careers - 1 day ago
Sanderson -
London
GAAPweb - 7 days ago
For jobs in the United States, please visit
-
-
-
-
-
-
By using our site, you agree to our use of cookies
©2014 Indeed -