alJazeera Jobs - Store General Manager - PF Changs - UAE
Jobs in Qatar, Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, Oman, Bahrain, Dubai, Abu Dhabi by alJazeera Jobs
Select Language
English
Francais
Deutsch
عربي
Español
Português
Русский
Nederlands
Türkçe
اردو
Contact alJazeera Jobs Bahrain: (+973) 16199-113
Serving Arabian Gulf Job Seekers since 2007, alJazeera Jobs
is the established, trusted and leading provider of Jobs in
, , , ,
and .
Subscribe to our custom developed Candidate
Management Service to proactively place your details in Arabic
and English into the HR systems of the leading employers in
the Gulf. Jump to the head of the queue and get hired, sign-up
.
JOB SEARCH
I'm looking for...
In location
Select Country
Saudi Arabia
UAE
Kuwait
Qatar
Bahrain
Oman
other
ACCOUNT MANAGEMENT:
|
Store General Manager - PF Changs - UAE
01 May 2014 02:39 AM - UAE
Store General Manager - PF Changs - UAEApply now Job no: 686127Location: Dubai The Beach P.F. Chang's P.F. Chang's, an American restaurant chain serving American-Chinese cuisine, is committed to providing you with an exceptional dining experience every time you walk through our doors. Each dish on the menu is prepared using the freshest and highest quality ingredients and the dining experience is stylish, upbeat and comfortable. Joining PF Changs means becoming part of, and adding value to, a team that is committed to doing everything possible to providing an optimal dining experience for our guests. The Role: This role is responsible for managing the day-to-day operations of the store, following company policies and procedures and ensuring that sales, profitability and customer service targets are met and ensuring that the most suitable products and services are available to the customer.The focus of the General Manager's job is to improve the company performance and ensure business growth. To accomplish this goal, the General Manager will work towards increasing the store's market share by exploiting opportunities to maximise sales and profitability, and by increasing customer satisfaction.Qualifications & Requirements: You must have:·   At least 5 years' retail experience as a General Manager in a high-volume business ($15 million + annual sales)·   A university degree in an appropriate field, or
(more...)
ASY
Advertisement
|
|
|
|
|
All rights reserved - AlJazeeraJobs ® is a registered trade mark and unauthorised usage is strictly prohibited.
|
, , , , ,