alJazeera Jobs - QHSE Supervisor
Jobs in Qatar, Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, Oman, Bahrain, Dubai, Abu Dhabi by alJazeera Jobs
Select Language
English
Francais
Deutsch
عربي
Español
Português
Русский
Nederlands
Türkçe
اردو
Contact alJazeera Jobs Bahrain: (+973) 16199-113
Serving Arabian Gulf Job Seekers since 2007, alJazeera Jobs
is the established, trusted and leading provider of Jobs in
, , , ,
and .
Subscribe to our custom developed Candidate
Management Service to proactively place your details in Arabic
and English into the HR systems of the leading employers in
the Gulf. Jump to the head of the queue and get hired, sign-up
.
JOB SEARCH
I'm looking for...
In location
Select Country
Saudi Arabia
UAE
Kuwait
Qatar
Bahrain
Oman
other
ACCOUNT MANAGEMENT:
|
QHSE Supervisor
30 Apr 2014 04:39 PM - UAE
..A leading, global provider of equipment and technology solutions seeking QHSE Supervisor to be based in Dubai. Sharp & strong personality with exceptional interpersonal skills essential. Fantastic opportunity to join a multinational, highly acclaimed company. Field Supervisor that works in the following areas: Quality, Health, Safety, and/or Environmental. Performs, coordinates, analyzes and monitors one or more of these areas to ensure all applicable standards are met or exceeded. May have field training and regulatory compliance responsibilities. Will participate with or assist Integrated Services management in the development and set-up of new QHSE training, assessments and systems. May supervise or provide training for hourly or non-exempt inspectors or service technicians. MAIN TASKS: *Safety - Supports the safety culture at the base by enforcing adherence to established safety procedures and expectations of compliance. Drives the weekly HAZID Sweep process, documents and reports results to Operations and HSE management. Conducts regular Safety Audits of assigned operations. Collaborates with HSE team to drive prevention, arrange audits and conduct investigations of safety incidents. *Quality - Ensures that all Final Inspections are performed in accordance with company and customer standards. Conducts Assessments for technicians and acts as the Quality Champion and Gatekeeper to ensure technicians are properly trained and assessed prior to being allowed to perform critical inspection steps. Conducts weekly compliance audits across assigned operations. Collaborates with IS Compliance team to drive prevention, arrange audits and conduct investigations of service non-conformances. *Communicates regularly with the Operations and HSE staff and management at the Base and Regional levels to ensure regular reporting of QHSE performance and alignment between expectations and results. Leads safety meetings and delivers quality and safety tech alert messages to base personnel. *Facility and Environmental - Proactively supports compliance with local, state and federal standards including hazardous waste disposal and air quality standards. Identifies and recommends the upgrade of service tools, equipment, and fleet vehicles to ensure their safety, fitness for purpose and their serviceability. Provides daily inspection of shop tooling and equipment. Maintain a clean and orderly work environment. REQUIREMENTS: *US -High School Diploma or equivalent. International - Qualifying Certificate or equivalent. *Valid drivers license *Demonstrated ability to read, write and speak English *MS Office IT skills, basic PC skills, Inteserv *Minimum 2 + years leadership experience *Demonstrates effective time management skills *Understands the need to maintain productive operations without compromising QHSE *Demonstrate good organizational, interpersonal and customer relation skills *Must be in compliance with all corporate requirements such as P-card, HSE, HR, etc *Must be able and willing to travel / relocate *Company safety and operating procedures training *Customer requirements training *Must be willing and able to complete all technical assessments WORK ENVIRONMENT: *Spends 90% of time in shop and office environments, including customer locations. *May be exposed to possible hazards including high noise, heavy machinery, travel hazards and extreme weather conditions. PHYSICAL DEMANDS: *Frequent standing and operating computer *Frequent lifting of heavy loads, u (more...)
RZ
Advertisement
|
|
|
|
|
All rights reserved - AlJazeeraJobs ® is a registered trade mark and unauthorised usage is strictly prohibited.
|
, , , , ,