alJazeera Jobs - Maintenance Manager - Aiport Vehicles
Jobs in Qatar, Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, Oman, Bahrain, Dubai, Abu Dhabi by alJazeera Jobs
Select Language
English
Francais
Deutsch
عربي
Español
Português
Русский
Nederlands
Türkçe
اردو
Contact alJazeera Jobs Bahrain: (+973) 16199-113
Serving Arabian Gulf Job Seekers since 2007, alJazeera Jobs
is the established, trusted and leading provider of Jobs in
, , , ,
and .
Subscribe to our custom developed Candidate
Management Service to proactively place your details in Arabic
and English into the HR systems of the leading employers in
the Gulf. Jump to the head of the queue and get hired, sign-up
.
JOB SEARCH
I'm looking for...
In location
Select Country
Saudi Arabia
UAE
Kuwait
Qatar
Bahrain
Oman
other
ACCOUNT MANAGEMENT:
|
Maintenance Manager - Aiport Vehicles
30 Apr 2014 09:19 PM - UAE
Job Description: Areas of Responsibility:EquipmentMaintenancePurpose of the job:The purpose of this role is to Give guidance and oversees the planning, supervision and coordination of the day-to-day maintenance and repair work on company owned light duty, heavy duty and ground equipment in company workshop at the Airport , covering passenger buses, mini buses, automobiles , pickups, jeeps, heavy duty trucks, and self propelled ground equipment for aircraft servicing , such as Fkl, Trp, Trc, Mdl, Ldl, Asu, Acu, Gpu, Mpl, Cpt, Cvb,  Act,  Pax steps , Dolly trolly, Toilet cart, Water cart,  Fuel and water tanker, Swp, Fire crashers etc. Includes devising and implementing preventive maintenance programs, planning general overhaul for mechanical engines and electrical systems, coordinating activities with user departments, liaising with stores for determining and procuring workshop needs of parts, tools and materials and ensuring that maintenance and repairs carried out conform to company standards and statutory regulations.Qualifications& Experience:Excellent working knowledge of all Airport Authority remits.B.Sc degree/Diploma in Mechanical/Electrical Engineering or equivalent qualification.10 years experience in maintenance engineering field in an Airport Ground Support Ept. / Veh. Maintenance section, including at least 5 years in a supervisory or managerial capacity.Good knowledge of spoken and written English and Arabic.Fair knowledge of technical corresponding independently with Eqpt/Veh. Manufactures & supplier also inter departmental correspondence.Fair knowledge of Ept. / Veh safety procedure and their basic operating system.Good knowledge of electrical controlling circuits, diagrams and interchangeable parts.Ability to prepare Equipment and Vehicle specification as per IATA rules.Key AccountabilitiesManages, supervises, coordinates and controls the activities of assigned personnel in the section. Performs managerial duties and exercises financial authority at the level established by management for the position.Reviews daily work orders presented by operating personnel in user departments, in conjunction with appropriate subordinate superintendents and supervisors. Makes assessments of the extent of work required, and schedules in accordance with regular and emergency demands.Monitors the performance of regular maintenance work. Includes overseeing service intervals in accordance with manufacturers and service manuals, checking time and manpower required, coordinating schedules to maximize the use of available maintenance personnel, minimize loss of or inconvenience to operations to extend the life of equipment and vehicles by all possible preventive maintenance. Revises such schedules in the light of emergency repairs and break downs.Spot-checks, inspects and reviews all work carried out for conformity to company maintenance procedures and standards. Personally undertakes inspection and evaluation of difficult problems not within the scope of the Superintendents - such as vibration or other malfunctioning of critical equipment, determines degree of seriousness and optimum procedure for repair, maintenance or overhaul. Includes evaluating the economics of alternate materials, parts and recommending repair, reconditioning or replacement as necessary. Liaises with operating personnel over the testing and commissioning of newly acquired equipment.Provides general direction over all mechanical and electrical maintenance and repairs carried out in the workshop. Includes providing instructions on clearance, tolerances, types of oil etc. as required during re-assembly. Directs mechanics regarding the conversion of engines from right to left hand drive or from gasoline to diesel as required. Checks the installation of all safety devices, such as temperature and speed cut-outs, and inspects all completed repair work. Also makes recommendations for new equipment and estimating adequacy of temporary repairs.Recommends modifications to existing fittings, equipment and machinery to suit operating environmental requirements to conform to company and statutory fire and safety regulations and standards. Includes confirming that fabrication and other metal craft work conform to company standards, both from an operational view and the safety and fire risk aspects, develops standards to ensure that such work is satisfactorily performed, in cooperation with operating staff.Provides general direction over the maintenance of company vehicles and equipment covering body repairs, painting, radiator repairs and installation, upholstery, tyre repairs, part and body fabrication, washing and lubrication etc. Of vehicles and equipment. Includes assessing work, estimating costs, approving parts, tools and materials requisition and ensuring conformity of completed work to company technical standards.Ensures an adequate supply of spare parts for various vehicles and equipment as well as repair tools and equipment. Signs requisitions for the replenishment of such items as required, suppliers spare parts lists, procurement of such requirements. Checks the maintenance of records and files of all vehicles servicing, as well as vehicles manufacturers catalogues, repair manuals and spare parts inventories.Carries out other similar or related work such as , preparing annual budget estimates, updating vehicle and equipment depreciation lists, signing repair estimates for insurance purposes, providing technical support to out stations maintenance by providing training to their personnel , dispatching local based Technicians to carry out more complex repairs and carrying out periodic inspection tours to assess maintenance work in out stations, overseeing technical courses conducted by suppliers for maintenance of new equipment, ensuring the practice of good housekeeping at job sites, observance of fire and safety regulations, responding to emergency calls, etc.The manager must assist the Technical Planning section enforcing the preventive maintenance and servicing programs by sending the reminders to users for bringing the delayed units for maintenance/servicing. In case users d (more...)
AJS
Advertisement
|
|
|
|
|
All rights reserved - AlJazeeraJobs ® is a registered trade mark and unauthorised usage is strictly prohibited.
|
, , , , ,