Mobile Application Developer Job in Sharjah - UAE BARQ - Bayt.com
OK
Cancel
Loading...
Loading...
Jobs
Jobs
Salaries
People Companies Specialties
- All -
- All -Algeria (12)Bahrain (115)Dubai (1556)Egypt (495)Iraq (81)Jordan (390)Kuwait (740)Lebanon (249)Libya (16)Morocco (12)Oman (96)Pakistan (33)Qatar (1055)Saudi Arabia (2766)Sri Lanka (62)Tunisia (6)UAE (3582)Yemen (3)
Loading...
Menu - []
›
› Job Description
Mobile Application Developer
- ,
Date Posted: 2014/04/30 18:08:33
Ref. JB3045946
Job Description
We are looking for a mobile app developer to do the design, development and maintenance of Android and iPhone apps. The developer will lead the entire app life cycle right from concept stage until delivery and post launch support.
Skills
Skills and Tasks:
- Minimum 3 years of experience with Design and implementation of mobile applications.
- Excellent oral and written communication skills.
- Ability to write and maintain high quality codes.
- Deliver across the entire app life cycle –concept, design, build, deploy, test, release to app stores and support
- Gather requirements around functionality and translate those requirements into elegant functional solutions
- Create compelling device specific user interfaces and experiences
- Optimizing performance for the apps
- Keep up to date on the latest industry trends in the mobile technologies
- Ability to multi task and good time management skills
- Familiar with the (Android and iOS) SDK
- Knowledge of SQLite, MySQL or similar database management system
- Strong design and programming skills in Java (J2EE/ J2ME)
- Familiar with Eclipse
- Understanding of other compiled languages
- Experience on web service integration (SOAP, REST, JSON, XML)
- Good understanding of HTML5, JavaScript, jQuery, Ajax and PHP
- Problem Solving abilities
This job is posted in the following Specialties:
Job Details
Job Location:
Sharjah, United Arab Emirates
Company Industry:
Publishing; Telecommunications
Company Type:
Employer (Private Sector)
Job Role:
Technology/IT
Joining Date:
Unspecified
Employment Status:
Unspecified
Employment Type:
Unspecified
Monthly Salary Range:
Unspecified
Manages Others:
Unspecified
Number of Vacancies:
1
Preferred Candidate
Career Level:
Mid Career
Years of Experience:
Unspecified
Residence Location:
Unspecified
Gender:
Unspecified
Nationality:
Unspecified
Degree:
Unspecified
About This Company
برق الإمارات للأخبار العاجلة
شركة متخصصة بخدمات الرسائل النصية القصيرة وكل مايتعلق بها
من اهم الخدمات التي تقدمها للجمهور خدمة الاخبار العاجلة حيث يقوم فريق من المراسلين والمتخصصيصن بجمع الأخبار المحلية والعالمية وارسالها الى هواتف مشتركي اتصالات المحمولة بسرعة عالية جدا
يتم الإشتراك عن طريق ارسال رسالة نصية قصيرة تحوي كلمة برق على الرقم 1110
Date Posted: 2014/04/30 18:08:33
Ref. JB3045946
Similar Jobs
Recommended Courses
Invite Your
Friends to Bayt.com
Find Jobs
About Bayt.com
Bayt.com is the leading job site in the Gulf and Middle East, connecting job seekers with employers looking to hire.
Every day, thousands of new job vacancies are listed on the award-winning platform from the region's top employers.
Company
Quick Links
Follow
© 2000-2014 Bayt.com, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
-
Reproduction of material from any Bayt.com pages without written permission is strictly prohibited.