GulfTalent.com
Data Center Architect
Williams Group
Dubai, UAE
Posted on: 30 Apr 2014
THE ROLE
Expand all
A leading Solution Provider is looking for Data Center Architect in Dubai. Your responsibilities will be as follows:
•	You will apply your proven experience driving complex solution presales, in a matrix environment, leading to successful opportunity closures.
•	 You will engage in senior level business and technology decision maker discussions related to business value, datacenter architecture, along with design and operations.
•	Your will bring your broad and deep technology knowledge to architect complex solutions mapping common customer business problems to end-to-end technology solutions.
•	The diversity of our global customers will take advantage of your vast technical expertise including hands-on experience in several of the following: 3rd party virtualization, storage, networking, systems management, data-center operations and processes, knowledge of service and hosting providers, multi-tenant environments, support engineering, disaster recovery and business continuance, application architecture and design, Windows platform design and implementation, and System Center management.
REQUIREMENTS
Requirements:
•Organizational agility to manage expectations and guide customers through multi-year initiatives.
•Delivery of readiness training to both sales and technical audiences
•Proven ability to be results-focused, proactive, collaborative, and confident under pressure
ABOUT THE COMPANY
Williams Group is a fully licensed Executive Search firm servicing clients’ in; Financial Services, Information Technology & Emiratisation throughout the United Arab Emirates. Having founded the UAE business in 2009 Williams Group has become a supplier-of-choice and is partnered with a large number of local and international firms.
With a focus on teamwork and the UAE market, our Associates have a deep understanding within their specialisms and deliver an unrivaled service in terms of quality and speed. We have delivered high-volume recruitment projects from entry to director level in the shortest time frames; as well as individual specialist search assignments.
Send
Candidates who applied for this job also applied for:
|
|