Arts Teachers Required for Excellent Schools Across the UAE jobs, United Arab Emirates, Negotiable | Guardian Jobs
Arts Teachers Required for Excellent Schools Across the UAE
Employer:
Posted:
30 April 2014
Ref:
Andy/UAE
Location:
United Arab Emirates
Industry:
Contract:
Permanent
Hours:
Full Time
Salary:
Negotiable
People who viewed this job also viewed
Competitive tax free salary, individual fully furnished accommodation, free schooling for up to two children, private medical insurance, annual airfares to country of residence, and end of service gratuity
On Application
10% tax, free housing, flights and more
Competitive Tax Free Salary
Tax free salary, free accommodation, free utilities, free flights, free tuition for children and lots more!
Criteria.
a)The candidates need to have a degree in the subject they wish to teach
Should have experience in teaching Grade 8 to Grade 12. (as the last experience) Willing to work in any of the locations (Abu Dhabi, Dubai, Ras Al Khaimah, Al Ain, Fujairah, Ajman) Minimum 2 years of Teaching Experience. Native English or Arab Bilingual (Should have been educated in the English countries and have teaching experience there.) Age below 45
Please Note:
Please do not send application if you arecurrently in UAE or in Qatar.
Salary:
Salary range USD 5,700 – 7,100 (including housing allowance)
Health Insurance for family
Round trip tickets to n from home country for employee, spouse and up to three children.
Documents needed along with CV.
- Skype Id
- Marital status
- Nationality
- Date of Birth
- Copy of Degree Certificate and Transcript
- Reference Letter
- Passport Copy
Email to: info@internationaleducationgroup.net
Website: http://www.globaleducationlogistics.com
You should never need to provide bank account details or any other financial information, or make any
form of payment, when applying for a job. If you are ever asked to do this by a recruiter on our
site please email
© 2008 - 2014 Guardian News and Media Limited, all rights reserved. Powered by Madgex .
This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies.