Accountant Job in Dubai - Paris Group - Bayt.com
OK
Cancel
Loading...
Loading...
Jobs
Jobs
Salaries
People Companies Specialties
- All -
- All -Algeria (12)Bahrain (115)Dubai (1556)Egypt (495)Iraq (81)Jordan (390)Kuwait (740)Lebanon (249)Libya (16)Morocco (12)Oman (96)Pakistan (33)Qatar (1055)Saudi Arabia (2766)Sri Lanka (62)Tunisia (6)UAE (3582)Yemen (3)
Loading...
Menu - []
›
› Job Description
Accountant
- ,
Date Posted: 2014/04/30 14:38:43
Ref. JB3045911
Job Description
1.	Review, with the assistance of accountants, validity, accuracy and 	authenticity of invoices received from Local Suppliers and post these in 	the ledger.
2.	Check and verify the Credit/Debit Notes issued by suppliers against goods 	returns; price changes etc. and post these in the ledgers.
3.	Keep record of Pending Goods Return Notes, Price changes etc. for 	following up with the suppliers for Credit Notes.
4.	Comply with all company procedures relating to all stages of Additional 	Discounts and Free goods supplied by various suppliers and follow up for 	the same.
5.	Follow up regularly with suppliers for missing original invoices, credit 	notes etc.
6.	Follow up regularly with inventory and operations department for timely 	receipt of documents with relevant supporting papers.
7.	Post all the inter company and inter location transfers to the system and 	pass the necessary entries.
8.	Scrutinize and verify all the payments made to Local Suppliers.
9.	Maintain updated suppliers records on the system with respect to brands, 	discounts on invoices, additional discounts, credit period etc.
10.	Check and verify all petty cash expenses of all departments and prepare reports for the purpose of internal control.
11.	Check and verify all expenses made by Government Relations 	Department.
12.	Check and verify expenses incurred on all the purchases, maintenance 	works and travel requests to ensure that company policies and 	procedures are complied with.
13.	Classify and budget all the purchases, maintenance works and travel 	requests to assets or expenses.
14.	Manage the petty cash of Finance Department.
15.	Manage the collection and distribution of cash against reimbursement of 	showroom and departmental petty cash, employee related payments, 	travel advances etc.
16.	Performs any other work that may be assigned from time to time by 	the
and Chief Accountant.
Skills
	Good interpersonal skills with the ability to work effectively with vendors and internal customers to achieve actions needed
	Good keyboard skills
	Experience of entering information into an accounting system & of researching information
	Good Excel skills
	Accurate with attention to detail
	Experience of making prescribed data verification and
procedural checks on accounting information
	Good accounting knowledge . cash book, debit & credits etc
	Good planning & organising skills with the ability to meet prescribed deadlines
	Good problem solving skills with experience of vendor account resolution
	Good standard of numeric
	Capability to handle large volume of work with accuracy and the ability to coordinate with different departments and outside companies.
Education
Graduate Degree in Accounting/Finance or Commerce
Job Details
Job Location:
Dubai, United Arab Emirates
Company Industry:
Retail/Wholesale
Company Type:
Employer (Private Sector)
Job Role:
Accounting/Banking/Finance
Joining Date:
2014-05-30
Employment Status:
Full time
Employment Type:
Employee
Monthly Salary Range:
$1,000 - $2,000
Manages Others:
No
Number of Vacancies:
1
Preferred Candidate
Career Level:
Entry Level
Years of Experience:
Min: 3 Max: 5
Residence Location:
United Arab Emirates
Gender:
Unspecified
Nationality:
Algeria; Bahrain; Comoros; Djibouti; Egypt; India; Iraq; Jordan; Kuwait; Lebanon; Libya; Mauritania; Morocco; Oman; Palestine; Qatar; Saudi Arabia; Somalia; Sudan; Syria; Tunisia; United Arab Emirates; Yemen
Degree:
Bachelor's degree / higher diploma
About This Company
PARIS GROUP 29 years of continuous success made a trademark of Professionalism and Excellent Service. Founded by Dr. Abdulkader Sankari, Paris Group on its Silver Anniversary is recognized as one of the principal forces in the Fashion and Hospitality business in the Middle East, Far East and Eastern Europe Region; it demonstrated an appreciation for the retail industry by taking a leadership role as an agent, distributor and franchisee.
The Company merits its position by representing a management profile of over 250 owned boutiques. Today, a team of more than 4,000 highly skilled and dedicated multinational professionals from around 35 nationalities are an extension of Paris Group Family; with direct employees of over 3,284 in United Arab Emirates.
With the encompassing franchise partnership of Sankari Investment with world top fashion designers such as Versace, Gianfranco Ferre, Canali, Cerruti, Richmond, Hugo Boss, Camper to name just a few, Paris Group is leading in the market of elegant and fine global fashion. Also, Paris Group under the Golden Bridge Division is committed in bringing Medium brands of fashion clothing to the region with an exclusive joint venture with Pierre Cardin and Balmain, and a franchise agreement with Ted Lapidus, Verri and Azzaro. Recognizing the demanding lifestyle of our avid clientele is our top secret that gives us direction. We will always give the best and finest in the UAE and other Region to keep our commitment of Excellent Service.
Date Posted: 2014/04/30 14:38:43
Ref. JB3045911
Similar Jobs
Confidential Company - ,
Recommended Courses
Invite Your
Friends to Bayt.com
Find Jobs
About Bayt.com
Bayt.com is the leading job site in the Gulf and Middle East, connecting job seekers with employers looking to hire.
Every day, thousands of new job vacancies are listed on the award-winning platform from the region's top employers.
Company
Quick Links
Follow
© 2000-2014 Bayt.com, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
-
Reproduction of material from any Bayt.com pages without written permission is strictly prohibited.