Service Supervisor I - Coiled Tubing job in UAE | Job ID: 948219 | oil and gas Job Search
Service Supervisor I - Coiled Tubing job in UAE
Rate
Type
Permanent
Location
UAE
Region
PA
Town
Homer City
Required Residency
Posted By
Date Posted
30 Apr 2014
Expiry Date
30 May 2014
Job Reference
NB00264432_EXT_001
Job Description
Why Halliburton? How about global opportunities, interesting work within small cohesive teams, extensive training, and the opportunity to take your career wherever you want it to GO, with all the support and stability of a truly global organization. With more than 72,000 employees in approximately 80 countries, Halliburton is one of the largest and most respected energy services companies in the industry. Since 1919, our customers have relied on our industry-leading technologies, scientific expertise and, most importantly, our knowledgeable and experienced professionals to help them meet the world's demand for energy. Whether you are a new graduate seeking your first job, or an experienced professional looking to make a career change, we have fantastic opportunities across our organization. Are you ready to GO? Under general supervision, promotes excellent customer relations at the worksite. Plans and performs necessary calculations for the job at the well site as needed. May coordinate the activities of service operators during equipment rig up and rig down on a location and the preparation of equipment for performing a job. Ensures customer satisfaction with work performed. Responsible for the management of the materials inventory when acting as Halliburton's sole service provider at the well site. As needed, may perform data collection and data distribution on jobs. Utilizes competency processes to enhance own skills development and job performance. Has a responsibility to ensure field paperwork is correctly completed. Job tasks, correctly performed, impact indirectly on cost containment, efficiency and profitability of operations. Skills are typically acquired through completion of HAL Career Development (Competency) requirements for job role. Possession of an Offshore Medical certificate as required. Completion of high school diploma or equivalent. Minimum of 2 years of experience within Coiled Tubing (CT) Services which includes specific experience in CT tools and on job applications is required. Must possess excellent skills within the service line and have a general understanding of other service functions. Must be knowledgeable of HMS, HSE standards, work methods and guidelines for CT personnel. Promotes safety awareness and environmental consciousness. Promotes and takes an active part in quality improvement processes. Possession of an Offshore Survival & Emergency Training certificate as required.Halliburton is proud to be an equal opportunity employer.
Find Related oil and gas Jobs
Latest Halliburton Jobs
Related Job Searches
© 2014 Copyright Oil and Gas Job Search.com Limited :: Part of The Jobsearch Group
Follow us
--Web2--