alJazeera Jobs - Simcorp Developer Simcorp, Development, configuration.
Jobs in Qatar, Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, Oman, Bahrain, Dubai, Abu Dhabi by alJazeera Jobs
Select Language
English
Francais
Deutsch
عربي
Español
Português
Русский
Nederlands
Türkçe
اردو
Contact alJazeera Jobs Bahrain: (+973) 16199-113
Serving Arabian Gulf Job Seekers since 2007, alJazeera Jobs
is the established, trusted and leading provider of Jobs in
, , , ,
and .
Subscribe to our custom developed Candidate
Management Service to proactively place your details in Arabic
and English into the HR systems of the leading employers in
the Gulf. Jump to the head of the queue and get hired, sign-up
.
JOB SEARCH
I'm looking for...
In location
Select Country
Saudi Arabia
UAE
Kuwait
Qatar
Bahrain
Oman
other
ACCOUNT MANAGEMENT:
|
Simcorp Developer Simcorp, Development, configuration.
30 Apr 2014 02:39 PM - UAE
.Simcorp Developer (Simcorp, Development, configuration, upgrade, asset classes) Global consultancy is looking for a Simcorp Developer to work onsite for one of their clients onsite at their head office in Abu Dhabi. The Simcorp Developer will working on the hands on development of Simcorp Dimension. The Simcorp Developer will be responsible for the configuration and upgrade across multiple asset classes. The role of the Simcorp Developer will involve liaising with the business users and stakeholders to understand their needs, meaning a good functional understanding of Simcorp is essential. The suitable candidate will have come from a proven Simcorp Development background. In depth knowledge of Simcorp, Development, configuration, upgrade, asset classes is key. Excellent interpersonal and communication skills is essential. Simcorp Developer (Simcorp, Development, configuration, upgrade, asset classes) Due to the high volume of CV responses for this role, we may not be able to contact all applicants. If you have not heard back from us in 5 working days, we would encourage you to contact the consultant directly. Information contained in this email is intended for the use of the addressee only, and is confidential. Please notify the sender immediately if received by error. Streamline Connections Ltd cannot accept liability for any errors or omissions in the contents of this message, which may arise as a result of e-mail transmission. Please note Streamline Connections Ltd may monitor, analyse and archive email traffic, data and the content of email for the purposes of security, legal compliance and staff (more...)
JS
Advertisement
|
|
|
|
|
All rights reserved - AlJazeeraJobs ® is a registered trade mark and unauthorised usage is strictly prohibited.
|
, , , , ,