alJazeera Jobs - BI Project Manager Business Intelligence, Delivery, Solutions
Jobs in Qatar, Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, Oman, Bahrain, Dubai, Abu Dhabi by alJazeera Jobs
Select Language
English
Francais
Deutsch
عربي
Español
Português
Русский
Nederlands
Türkçe
اردو
Contact alJazeera Jobs Bahrain: (+973) 16199-113
Serving Arabian Gulf Job Seekers since 2007, alJazeera Jobs
is the established, trusted and leading provider of Jobs in
, , , ,
and .
Subscribe to our custom developed Candidate
Management Service to proactively place your details in Arabic
and English into the HR systems of the leading employers in
the Gulf. Jump to the head of the queue and get hired, sign-up
.
JOB SEARCH
I'm looking for...
In location
Select Country
Saudi Arabia
UAE
Kuwait
Qatar
Bahrain
Oman
other
ACCOUNT MANAGEMENT:
|
BI Project Manager Business Intelligence, Delivery, Solutions
30 Apr 2014 02:39 PM - UAE
.BI Project Manager (Business Intelligence, Delivery, Solutions selection, Project Management, stakeholder management, workshops, programmes) Global consultancy is looking for a BI Project Manager to work for one of their biggest clients on site in Abu Dhabi. The BI Project Manager will be responsible for organising the delivery of business critical BI programmes of work. The BI Project Manager will be involved in the managing of multiple projects, the package selection and system selection process for the BI solution, stakeholder management, running workshops and the delivery on time and to budget of the programmes. The suitable candidate must have come from a proven BI Project Management background, with a track record of delivering critical BI Projects. In depth background in the following is also key Business Intelligence, Delivery, Solutions selection, Project Management, stakeholder management, workshops, programmes. Excellent interpersonal and communication skills are essential. BI Project Manager (Business Intelligence, Delivery, Solutions selection, Project Management, stakeholder management, workshops, programmes)Due to the high volume of CV responses for this role, we may not be able to contact all applicants. If you have not heard back from us in 5 working days, we would encourage you to contact the consultant directly. Information contained in this email is intended for the use of the addressee only, and is confidential. Please notify the sender immediately if received by error. Streamline Connections Ltd cannot accept liability for any errors or omissions in the contents of this message, which may arise as a result of e-mail transmission. Please note Streamline Connections Ltd may monitor, analyse and archive email traffic, data and the content of email for the purposes of security, legal compliance and staff (more...)
JS
Advertisement
|
|
|
|
|
All rights reserved - AlJazeeraJobs ® is a registered trade mark and unauthorised usage is strictly prohibited.
|
, , , , ,