USA is Leading the Bitcoin Jobs Boom
Based on the following values:USD:BTC-e$420.00Bitstamp$429.93Bitfinex$428.39CNY:BTC China¥2,676.98OKCoin¥2,671.29$426.11£250.95€305.87¥2,674.13Last updated: May 6, 2014 at 21:54 BSTSelect a PageHomeNews- Companies- - Exchanges- - Merchants- - Startups- - Wallets- - Investors- Regulation- - US & Canada- - Europe- - Law- Technology- - Mining- - Bitcoin protocol- - Altcoins- - Litecoin- - Dogecoin- Prices- Lifestyle- Events- AnalysisInformation- What is Bitcoin?- Why Use Bitcoin?- How Can I Buy Bitcoins?- How to Sell Bitcoin- How to Store Your Bitcoins- What Can You Buy with Bitcoins?- Is Bitcoin Legal?- How Do Bitcoin Transactions Work?- How Bitcoin Mining Works- How to Set Up a Bitcoin Miner- Who is Satoshi Nakamoto?- How to Buy Litecoin- How to Make a Paper Wallet for Bitcoin- How Does Cloud Mining Work?- Bitcoin GlossaryPrice- Bitcoin Price Index- About the BPI- Price News- Bitcoin Calculator- CoinDesk API- Bitcoin Price Ticker WidgetData- Bitcoin ATM Map- Bitcoin Statistics- Litecoin Statistics
>
> USA is Leading the Bitcoin Jobs Boom
( |
Published on April 30, 2014 at 16:34 BST |
, , , ,
Bitcoin reached a small but significant milestone this week. It has nothing to do with the price, there isn’t a new update to the protocol, and a bitcoin startup didn’t break the record for venture capital funding.Notably, reddit’s r/Jobs4Bitcoin subreddit . Hardly earth-shattering news, but this modest achievement is an indicator of a broadening pool of jobs that not only pay in bitcoin, but are within the bitcoin industry itself.Most of these jobs, according to statistics derived from LinkedIn, are in the US. Despite the hype about regulation in the US killing bitcoin innovation, America is indisputably the preeminent breeding ground for tech entrepreneurship, and that applies as much to digital currencies as it does to any other technology sector.California heartlandA Google search of LinkedIn profiles associated with bitcoin, which is arguably a close approximation to the number of professionals active in the bitcoin sector, returns 7,560 results.Taking a sample of around 500 shows that around 50% of those professionals are in the US. The UK and Canada are a distant 2nd and 3rd at 9% and 8% respectively. It is worth noting that this method of measuring bitcoin jobs is obviously skewed to users of LinkedIn and will exclude places that use non-Latin alphabets, such as China.Within the US itself, California – or, more specifically, Silicon Valley – would be the obvious location of the majority of these bitcoin professionals. And the data bears that out: 40% of those bitcoin professionals from LinkedIn are in California. New York is in second place and Texas is in third.But as well as the people who work full-time on bitcoin or bitcoin-related businesses, bitcoin is now being used as a payment option for casual work contracted out to strangers online. As bitcoin is still a fairly niche currency in terms of the types of people who use it, this work tends to be programming.One site that exclusively lists jobs that pay in digital currency is . Since its , almost 1,000 jobs have been listed there.Judging by the 200+ jobs currently listed on Coinality, around half are freelance positions but sizeable proportion (29%) are full-time jobs.The general trend of the increasing number of jobs that pay in bitcoin can be seen in the above graph from indeed.com. The volume is still minuscule when compared to the whole, but it is increasing quickly.‘Hire me’ image via
Previous Article Next Article
Top bitcoin companies used this weekend's Bitcoin Job Fair to scout for sales, development and marketing talent. Dublin firm GSM Solutions, home to Ireland’s first bitcoin ATM, now pays its employees partly in bitcoin. Freelancers and microtaskers selling services on Fiverr can now get paid in bitcoin, thanks to a partnership with Coinbase.Load Comments
SearchDaily Bitcoin NewsDon't miss a single story - subscribe now!
Mining Dogecoin Got a news tip or guest feature?If you have a news tip, please email us at .Interested in guest writing?
Please email your idea for a guest article to .Please read our
before submitting your request.CloseBitcoin is a digital currency that is being used increasingly all over the world. Find out more about how it works and how you can use it with our straightforward guides.
© CoinDesk 2014