alJazeera Jobs - OSP Engineers ( Outside Plant Implementation Experience)
Jobs in Qatar, Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, Oman, Bahrain, Dubai, Abu Dhabi by alJazeera Jobs
Select Language
English
Francais
Deutsch
عربي
Español
Português
Русский
Nederlands
Türkçe
اردو
Contact alJazeera Jobs Bahrain: (+973) 16199-113
Serving Arabian Gulf Job Seekers since 2007, alJazeera Jobs
is the established, trusted and leading provider of Jobs in
, , , ,
and .
Subscribe to our custom developed Candidate
Management Service to proactively place your details in Arabic
and English into the HR systems of the leading employers in
the Gulf. Jump to the head of the queue and get hired, sign-up
.
JOB SEARCH
I'm looking for...
In location
Select Country
Saudi Arabia
UAE
Kuwait
Qatar
Bahrain
Oman
other
ACCOUNT MANAGEMENT:
|
OSP Engineers ( Outside Plant Implementation Experience)
30 Apr 2014 10:34 AM - UAE
.Job description: Extensive experience in construction of Telecommunication Outside plant Implementation rollout projects. Good Experience on Wiring of FTTH, Experience on laying Fiber. Ericsson Micro net installations and commissioning Fibre green field and brown field installations and commissioning Telcordia Planning Tool Experience an advantage. Professional/Technical Competence : Good knowledge of the concept of OSP project implementation and its overall objectives. " Solid background and working experience in outside plant construction and their acronyms. " Solid background and fully conversant and working experience - installation of duct networks and associated plant. " Solid background and fully conversant with the ability to supervise installation of traditional fiber utilising the appropriate equipment. " Fully conversant and the ability to supervise/instruct installation of Ericsson micro net cable systems and associated equipment. " Fully conversant with different types of equipment required for installation of traditional fibre and that of Ericsson Micro net systems " Fully conversant with the different types of fibre and associated splice/termination materials. " Fully conversant with different types of testing and commissioning equipment " Fully conversant with Ericsson practices and procedures along with quali (more...)
JS
Advertisement
|
|
|
|
|
All rights reserved - AlJazeeraJobs ® is a registered trade mark and unauthorised usage is strictly prohibited.
|
, , , , ,