Fircroft Mobile
QA/QC Supervisor (UAE/Iraq Drilling)
Reference:
RMS0141427
Location:
Iraq
Salary:
Competitive
Job Type:
Permanent
Sector:
QA & QC
Date Posted:
30/04/2014
Duration:
Permanent
Residency:
Any
The Company:Our Client is an international drilling company with a large presence in the Middle East area.The Role:Job Title: QA/QC Supervisor
Location: Dubai/Basra Rotation	Reporting To:
General Manager
MAIN OBJECTIVE OF ROLE
Overall responsibility to maintain and continually improve the performance according to the company IMS manual, policies and procedures. To Performing the Quality Assurance and Quality Control Activities at various stages of manufacturing as per international standards, legal and customer requirements by monitoring all domestically manufactured items to insure the best quality to end user.
JOB SPECIFICATION REQUIREMENTS
Experience:
o	Minimum of 3 years&rsquo; experience in QA/QC field
o	Experience of the Inspection, Measuring and Testing equipment and tools (IMTE) oilfield equipment, steel stock, manufacturing and machine shops related jobs.
o	Experience in calibration of IMTE as per API and international standards.
o	Preferably Oil and Gas experience with machine shop inspection and down hole tools.
Technical Skills:
o	Understanding and knowledge on product and engineering drawings
o	Understanding in measuring and monitoring tools and equipment as well as the calibration technique
o	Familiar with inspection of all products and services as per quality control plan and specification: API 7-1, API 7-2 and 5CT as well relevant standards.
HSE Competency: HSE Level 01
HSE Level 02
Note: These requirements can be reduced where a potential employee agrees to meet these minimum requirements
within a pre-determined period on commencement of employment.
Job Description
Duties, Responsibilities & Key Tasks:
o	Oversee the work of the Quality Assurance, Quality Control, ensuring that they have adequate resources and appropriate systems in place to ensure compliance with all accreditations, thread licenses and appropriate international and industry standards.
o	To plan and monitor key aspects of the Integrated Management System (Quality Management System) , including management reviews, internal audit and vendor audit/certification as appropriate, managing quality standards in accordance with the existing ISO 9001/API Q1 latest accreditation.
o	Maintain the records of the calibration/verification activity of the gauges, measuring and test equipment with established control features.
o	Review all Non Conformance Reports, both internal and external to the company to ensure that appropriate corrective and preventive actions are put in place wherever possible to eliminate root causes.
o	Review all external Quality Plans and be the primary point of contact for customer nominated inspection and/or audits, as well as arrange quality documents and records for tenders and ensure the compliance against each contract.
o	Ensure product license applications and procedures are in compliance as per the licensors requirements
o	Be trained as ISO 9001 Lead Auditor, responsible for Planning, Conducting, reporting, and analyzing internal QMS audits.
o	Provide technical assistance in preparation of tenders, bids or any other project as and when required
o	Liaise with customers on a regular basis to understand and improve perceived quality performance.
o	Perform subcontractors audits in compliance with international / country / customer requirements, and maintain detailed approved vendor list
o	Perform quality assurance check on tools and equipment&rsquo;s before dispatching to customer location
o	Identify and recommend Quality related training required to support continuous improvement.
o	Prepare monthly management reports on Quality performance.
o	Be responsible for budgetary planning control of the Quality function.
o	Develop, revise where required and evaluate procedures and practices
o	Any other delegated tasks or responsibilities as required, provided the requests are reasonable and the employee is capable and competent to fulfill them.
o	Authorized to stop any unsafe operation or acts within Workshop and site activities
o	Ensure the verification of work orders and the Inspection reports and COC to release the product.
o	Performing In process and final Inspection as per the drawing, route card, and necessary specification/QMS requirements.
o	All the process documents shall be inspected before the material is finally released and delivered.
o	Receiving inspection of raw materials, repair goods, outside processed material & bought out material
o	Reporting non conformities to the General Manager.
o	Ensuring the Identification and traceability of products remains and shall be maintained at each level of operations as well as inspection status of products shall be maintained at all times.
HSEQ System Requirements:
ITS operates an Integrated Management System (IMS) at all operational facilities to meet their business, legal and moral HSEQ obligations. All personnel are required to work in full compliance with the requirements set out in the ITS Group IMS, this will include as a minimum.
o	Ensuring that work is carried out in compliance with company Quality, Health Safety and Environmental policies and procedures.
o	Not undertaking any task for which authorization and/or training has not been given.
o	Ensuring the highest standard of workmanship produced is in accordance with the company expectations and as per customer, regulatory standards and specification.
o	Promoting good health, safety and environmental practices throughout all company activities.
o	Wearing the assigned Personal Protective Equipment required.
o	Taking care to prevent harm to themselves, colleagues and others and the environment that may be caused by our acts or omissions.
o	Keeping the work area neat, organized & free of trip and other hazards.
o	Reporting hazards in plant, equipment and other work place, or short comings in the existing controls, to a superior without delay.
o	Supporting continual improvement of the integrated management system by expressing better and safer ways to perform tasks and improve policies and procedures.
o	Participate in HSEQ training required to meet minimum identified for position undertaken
o	Attending Toolbox Talks, HSEQ meetings and trainings as and when required.Essential Skills / Qualifications:Education / Qualification:
o	Educated to Diploma or equivalent in Mechanical or similar Engineering
o	Internal auditor or formal training in QMS ISO 9001:2008