Talent Acquisition Specialist Job in Dubai - Galadari Brothers Co. L.L.C. - Bayt.com
OK
Cancel
Loading...
Loading...
Jobs
Jobs
Salaries
People Companies Specialties
- All -
- All -Algeria (12)Bahrain (115)Dubai (1556)Egypt (495)Iraq (81)Jordan (390)Kuwait (740)Lebanon (249)Libya (16)Morocco (12)Oman (96)Pakistan (33)Qatar (1055)Saudi Arabia (2766)Sri Lanka (0)Tunisia (6)UAE (3582)Yemen (3)
Loading...
Menu - []
›
› Job Description
Talent Acquisition Specialist
- ,
Date Posted: 2014/04/30 11:04:51
Ref. JB3045800
Job Description
Being part of the Corporate HR Team, the Talent Acquisition Specialist
will be responsible for recruitment across all functions/businesses within the Group. Duties include, but not limited to,
• Interact actively with line managers in defining qualifications and attributes of potential hires.
• Construct and implement recruitment plan and identify appropriate sources to attract qualified candidates.
• Coordinate and conduct interviews as required.
• Assure all hiring is done in compliance with regulatory requirements.
• Conduct on-boarding of new hires and assist with new hire orientation when required.
• Designing and managing the careers page of the company website
• Managing the Linkedin account and other social media avenues
• Actively supporting the company’s Emiratisation drive
Skills
Education:
•	Degree/Diploma in Human Resources.
Experience:
•	At least 5 years talent acquisition/recruitment experience with a combination of in-house and external search.
Qualifications:
•	Well versed in sourcing candidates for multiple disciplines/industries.
•	Proven record of closing middle and senior management positions.
•	Experience with varied sourcing strategies including portals, ads, consultants, social networking, headhunting etc.
•	Comfortable with working in a multinational environment.
•	Knowledge of recruitment software
Job Details
Job Location:
Dubai, United Arab Emirates
Company Industry:
Other
Company Type:
Employer (Private Sector)
Job Role:
Human Resources/Personnel
Joining Date:
2014-06-01
Employment Status:
Full time
Employment Type:
Employee
Monthly Salary Range:
$6,000 - $7,000
Manages Others:
No
Number of Vacancies:
1
Preferred Candidate
Career Level:
Management
Years of Experience:
Min: 5
Residence Location:
United Arab Emirates
Gender:
Unspecified
Nationality:
Unspecified
Degree:
Unspecified
About This Company
Galadari Brothers Group is one amongst the large and well known Business Conglomerates in the U.A.E. The Group comprises of companies operating in various sectors that include Automobiles, Industrial Trading, Media, Retail, Engineering, Hospitality, Real Estate, IT, Travel and Tourism. With operations across the GCC the Group plans to cut across geographical boundaries by investing in business opportunities that increase shareholder value.As pioneers in the business segments the Group operates in, it reflects the dynamism of the U.A.E and vision to continue growing with the Country. The Group's presence in the most vibrant sectors of the UAE economy is the main fortitude which would not have been possible without the human capital of the Companies.
Date Posted: 2014/04/30 11:04:51
Ref. JB3045800
Similar Jobs
Recommended Courses
Invite Your
Friends to Bayt.com
Find Jobs
About Bayt.com
Bayt.com is the leading job site in the Gulf and Middle East, connecting job seekers with employers looking to hire.
Every day, thousands of new job vacancies are listed on the award-winning platform from the region's top employers.
Company
Quick Links
Follow
© 2000-2014 Bayt.com, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
-
Reproduction of material from any Bayt.com pages without written permission is strictly prohibited.