Claims / Technical Engineer (Abu Dhabi) Job in Abu Dhabi - Bayt.com
OK
Cancel
Loading...
Loading...
Jobs
Jobs
Salaries
People Companies Specialties
- All -
- All -Algeria (12)Bahrain (115)Dubai (1556)Egypt (495)Iraq (81)Jordan (390)Kuwait (740)Lebanon (249)Libya (16)Morocco (12)Oman (96)Pakistan (33)Qatar (1055)Saudi Arabia (2766)Sri Lanka (62)Tunisia (6)UAE (3582)Yemen (3)
Loading...
Menu - []
›
› Job Description
Claims / Technical Engineer (Abu Dhabi)
Confidential Company - ,
Date Posted: 2014/04/30 10:35:48
Ref. JB3045792
Job Description
Our Company, specialising in the Automotive and Insurance-related products and services is looking to recruit an experience Claims Engineer to be based in Abu Dhabi.
This role will oversee the extended warranty claims processing and payments of the business.
Responsibilities are not limited to:
*Evaluate claim requests and make appropriate decisions as per policy terms and conditions
*Strictly follow Underwriter guidelines when approving claims
*Process claim request from dealers as per agreed timelines and prepare reports on physical assessment of damages
*Receive claim invoices from dealers and process on the system for payment
*Manage all accounting of all invoices
*File claims along with all supporting documents in line with internal audit standards
*Maintain good business relation with clients and business partners
*Monitor and analyze high cost claims and log frequent failures assessment for management reporting
*Handle customers and clients complaints and provide timely response and follow-ups
Support the Sales and Marketing team with technical business knowledge
*Train dealer staff on product knowledge and claims procedures
Skills
*Bachelor degree or Diploma (3 years) or equivalent qualification in Automobile Engineering
*Minimum of 5 years's experience in the Automotive Service Facility with at least 3 years of which in the capacity of a Foreman / Team Leader or Assistant Workshop Manager
*Should have a good working knowledge of diagnosis and repair of premium branded vehicles.
*Should be updated with the latest testing tools and equipments
*Should have working knowledge of software such as Kerridge or SAP.
ADDED QUALIFICATION / EXPERIENCE
*GCC work experience
*UAE driving license
*Arabic language preferred
*Very good analytical skills
*Interpersonal and communication skills
*Warranty administration experience
*Insurance claims settlement experience
This job is posted in the following Specialties:
Education
Engineering (Mechanical/Automotive)
Job Details
Job Location:
Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates
Company Industry:
Automotive; Insurance
Company Type:
Employer (Private Sector)
Job Role:
Engineering
Joining Date:
Unspecified
Employment Status:
Full time
Employment Type:
Employee
Monthly Salary Range:
$2,000 - $3,000
Manages Others:
No
Number of Vacancies:
1
Preferred Candidate
Career Level:
Mid Career
Years of Experience:
Min: 5
Residence Location:
United Arab Emirates
Gender:
Male
Nationality:
Jordan; Lebanon; Morocco; Syria; Tunisia
Degree:
Bachelor's degree / higher diploma
Date Posted: 2014/04/30 10:35:48
Ref. JB3045792
Recommended Courses
Invite Your
Friends to Bayt.com
Find Jobs
About Bayt.com
Bayt.com is the leading job site in the Gulf and Middle East, connecting job seekers with employers looking to hire.
Every day, thousands of new job vacancies are listed on the award-winning platform from the region's top employers.
Company
Quick Links
Follow
© 2000-2014 Bayt.com, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
-
Reproduction of material from any Bayt.com pages without written permission is strictly prohibited.