Corrosion Engineer Job in Abu Dhabi - China Petroleum Engineering and Construction Corporation - Bayt.com
OK
Cancel
Loading...
Loading...
Jobs
Jobs
Salaries
People Companies Specialties
- All -
- All -Algeria (12)Bahrain (115)Dubai (1556)Egypt (495)Iraq (81)Jordan (390)Kuwait (740)Lebanon (249)Libya (16)Morocco (12)Oman (96)Pakistan (33)Qatar (1055)Saudi Arabia (2766)Sri Lanka (62)Tunisia (6)UAE (3582)Yemen (3)
Loading...
Menu - []
›
› Job Description
Corrosion Engineer
- ,
Date Posted: 2014/04/30 09:01:10
Ref. JB3045756
Job Description
UAE / Iraq - Design & Engineering Team
Duties and Responsibilities:
Develop, implement, and continuously improve the Corrosion Management Programs, this includes mitigation activities such as: Materials Section, Cathodic Protection, Coatings, Chemical Inhibition and monitoring activities such as: Corrosion Probes, Fluid Sample Analysis, Equipment Inspection. Also provide support to the Pipeline Engineering team in implementation the pipeline corrosion control programs.
Skills
 Minimum 7 years in corrosion engineering and surveillance in the hydrocarbon processing industry with a good knowledge of metallurgy. Experience with gas dehydration and acid gas
absorption systems.
 Experience in an operating environment is necessary.
 Understanding of safety and environmental requirements and risk assessment.
 Must have a high level of computer literacy with a strong knowledge of Microsoft Office software and integrated business systems (. SAP).
 Good adaptability to a multinational environment. Good interpersonal skills and the ability to work with and supervise a team.
 Strong communication, leadership, and judgment skills.
Qualifications
- Bachelors Degree in Metallurgical (Preferred)
- Professional Qualification is an advantage.
Job Details
Job Location:
Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates
Company Industry:
Engineering
Company Type:
Employer (Public Sector)
Job Role:
Engineering
Joining Date:
Unspecified
Employment Status:
Unspecified
Employment Type:
Unspecified
Monthly Salary Range:
Unspecified
Manages Others:
Unspecified
Number of Vacancies:
1
Preferred Candidate
Career Level:
Mid Career
Years of Experience:
Min: 7
Residence Location:
Unspecified
Gender:
Unspecified
Nationality:
Unspecified
Degree:
Unspecified
About This Company
China Petroleum Engineering & Construction Corporation (CPECC), with more than 50 years’ history and starting overseas business in 1980, is a large-scale enterprise specialized in contracting international petroleum and petrochemical projects, and has been the largest and leading contractor in the field of international oil/gas engineering and construction in China.
We consistently abide by the operation philosophy of “Credibility, Innovation, Quality and Efficiency”. Over the years, We have constituted five regional markets that have taken shapes in North Africa, Central Asia, South Asia, South America and Middle East, and have completed quite a large number of oil/gas production bases, large and medium-sized refineries, petrochemical plants, chemical fertilizer plants, long-distance oil/gas transmission pipeline, large-scale oil/gas storage terminals and Tank farms, roads, bridges, and other municipal utilities successfully.
CPECC (Iraq), which is the branch of CPECC, is in charge of the contracts in Iraq. Since 2009, we have completed a variety of oil and gas projects in Ahdeb Oil Filed, Halfaya oil field and Rumila oil field in Iraq. So far several projects are still in executing and we are preparing some new projects simultaneously in the Southern Iraq.
CPECC (Iraq) provide dynamic and static security measures for all projects in Iraq. There are trebling security assigned for camp and job site. Security information and alert are provided by the Tribals, Local Authrities and International Agencies on the first level. Physical security protections like steel fence, ditch, soil beam, guarded towers and T-wall etc.on the second level.
When in transport, armed vehicles will be accompanied and guarded by securities. Up to now, we have mobilized thousands of employees to and fro Iraq with no hazard happened. Moreover, there are still hundreds of employees working at different sites in Iraq at present.
Date Posted: 2014/04/30 09:01:10
Ref. JB3045756
Similar Jobs
Recommended Courses
Invite Your
Friends to Bayt.com
Find Jobs
About Bayt.com
Bayt.com is the leading job site in the Gulf and Middle East, connecting job seekers with employers looking to hire.
Every day, thousands of new job vacancies are listed on the award-winning platform from the region's top employers.
Company
Quick Links
Follow
© 2000-2014 Bayt.com, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
-
Reproduction of material from any Bayt.com pages without written permission is strictly prohibited.