Windows System Engineer Job in Al Ain - United Arab Emirates University - Bayt.com
OK
Cancel
Loading...
Loading...
Jobs
Jobs
Salaries
People Companies Specialties
- All -
- All -Algeria (12)Bahrain (115)Dubai (1556)Egypt (495)Iraq (81)Jordan (390)Kuwait (740)Lebanon (249)Libya (16)Morocco (12)Oman (96)Pakistan (33)Qatar (1055)Saudi Arabia (2766)Sri Lanka (62)Tunisia (6)UAE (3582)Yemen (3)
Loading...
Menu - []
›
› Job Description
Windows System Engineer
- ,
Date Posted: 2014/04/30 08:59:09
Ref. JB3045748
Job Description
Windows system engineer is responsible for managing and supporting Windows servers from the University data center and in distributed locations.
Duties and Responsibilities:
• Solves server-related problems on a daily basis.
• In support of change management within the data center, provides the CSC with information about the enterprise Windows systems.
• Daily verifies all enterprise Windows Systems by using the monitoring tools and proactively intervenes to solve problems or acknowledge the problem to the senior engineer to work together to solve the problem.
• Responsible of monitoring all windows servers and services.
• Management and updating of all enterprise services running on Windows platforms.
• Responsible for Windows account delegation.
• Co-ordinates work with vendors for support.
• Tests and deploys new enterprise servers and services.
• Knowledge of IT Service Management frameworks.
• Design and execute VBScript, PowerShell scripts to automate bulk tasks.
• Performing standard administration responsibilities
• Maintains accurate and comprehensive documentation diagrams of the enterprise servers and backup infrastructure and communications flow and routing.
• Perform pro-active support functions and reporting to maintain the integrity of the enterprise equipment and infrastructure.
• Other duties as assigned.
Skills
• Good Knowledge of MS Active Directory required.
• Expert Knowledge of Windows 2003, 2008, 2012 administration.
• Good practical experience with Server Virtualization.
• Knowledge of server hardware components, how to do diagnostics and how to replace them.
• Good communication skills & Report Writing Skills.
• Must be able to work under pressure in a fast-paced work environment.
• Must be able to work flexible hours including evenings, weekends, holidays and overtime as required, should be available 24/7 on-call in case of major services outage.
• Experience creating simple to complex scripted solutions for various tasks (Powershell, VbScripting, etc.)
• Strong problem solving, testing, and network troubleshooting skills.
• MCITP qualification would be beneficiary.
• 3 years’ experience in server administration.
Education
Bachelor degree required in Computer Engineering/Science
Job Details
Job Location:
Al Ain, United Arab Emirates
Company Industry:
Information Technology
Company Type:
Employer (Private Sector)
Job Role:
Technology/IT
Joining Date:
Unspecified
Employment Status:
Full time
Employment Type:
Employee
Monthly Salary Range:
Unspecified
Manages Others:
Unspecified
Number of Vacancies:
1
Preferred Candidate
Career Level:
Mid Career
Years of Experience:
Min: 1 Max: 3
Residence Location:
United Arab Emirates
Gender:
Unspecified
Nationality:
United Arab Emirates
Degree:
Bachelor's degree / higher diploma
About This Company
The United Arab Emirates University is a federal institution located in the garden city of Al Ain, (population 380,000) in the United Arab Emirates.
The United Arab Emirates University serves 16,000 students in Colleges of Medicine and Health Sciences, Engineering, Science, Information Technology, Business and Economics, Food Systems, Education, Humanities and Social Sciences, and Shari'ah and Law.
Date Posted: 2014/04/30 08:59:09
Ref. JB3045748
Similar Jobs
Recommended Courses
Invite Your
Friends to Bayt.com
Find Jobs
About Bayt.com
Bayt.com is the leading job site in the Gulf and Middle East, connecting job seekers with employers looking to hire.
Every day, thousands of new job vacancies are listed on the award-winning platform from the region's top employers.
Company
Quick Links
Follow
© 2000-2014 Bayt.com, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
-
Reproduction of material from any Bayt.com pages without written permission is strictly prohibited.