Environmental Scientist/Engineer Job in Abu Dhabi - RTI International - Abu Dhabi - Bayt.com
OK
Cancel
Loading...
Loading...
Jobs
Jobs
Salaries
People Companies Specialties
- All -
- All -Algeria (12)Bahrain (115)Dubai (1556)Egypt (495)Iraq (81)Jordan (390)Kuwait (740)Lebanon (249)Libya (16)Morocco (12)Oman (96)Pakistan (33)Qatar (1055)Saudi Arabia (2766)Sri Lanka (62)Tunisia (6)UAE (3582)Yemen (3)
Loading...
Menu - []
›
› Job Description
Environmental Scientist/Engineer
- ,
Date Posted: 2014/04/30 08:29:54
Ref. JB3045739
Job Description
RTI International, an independent, non-profit organization that conducts pioneering research on critical national and local environmental issues, is seeking candidates to support a multi-year environmental project in Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates (UAE).
Candidates must have the background to conduct scientific analyses and implement programs that seek to protect the environment from damage caused by development and industrial activity.
The posts will be based in Abu Dhabi and may involve occasional travel to other parts of the Middle East.
Responsibilities:
•	Conducting and evaluating air, water, and waste management environmental quality studies and assessments
•	Reviewing and assessing environmental quality monitoring programs and data
•	 Developing methods for assessing environmental impacts, • evaluating environmental impact assessments
•	Evaluating impacts of development on air, coastal, and terrestrial environments
•	Conducting environmental studies
•	Researching pollution control technologies for commercial and industrial sources, • gathering data and developing emission estimates for industrial operations
•	Participating in site visits and conducting inspections at industrial facilities
•	Preparing industrial process descriptions and sector assessments
•	Evaluating regulatory compliance with established UAE and international regulations, and developing and implementing regulatory compliance strategies
•	Assessing hazards associated with industrial operations
All interested candidates should apply on RTI's website under Job Reference # 15170
Skills
Qualifications:
•	Qualified candidates must have Bachelor's degree in Environmental Science, Environmental Engineering, Civil Engineering, Chemical Engineering or related fields from an accredited academic institution.
•	Good English written and verbal communication skills are required.
•	Experience in the UAE or other Gulf region countries and Arabic language skills preferred
This job is posted in the following Specialties:
Job Details
Job Location:
Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates
Company Industry:
Safety/Environment
Company Type:
Employer (Private Sector)
Job Role:
Other
Joining Date:
Unspecified
Employment Status:
Full time
Employment Type:
Employee
Monthly Salary Range:
Unspecified
Manages Others:
No
Number of Vacancies:
2
Preferred Candidate
Career Level:
Mid Career
Years of Experience:
Min: 3 Max: 5
Residence Location:
Unspecified
Gender:
Unspecified
Nationality:
Unspecified
Degree:
Bachelor's degree / higher diploma
About This Company
RTI International is one of the world’s leading research institutes, dedicated to improving the human condition by turning knowledge into practice. Our staff of more than 3,700 provides research and technical services to governments and businesses in more than 75 countries in the areas of health and pharmaceuticals, education and training, surveys and statistics, advanced technology, international development, economic and social policy, energy and the environment, and laboratory testing and chemical analysis.
Date Posted: 2014/04/30 08:29:54
Ref. JB3045739
Recommended Courses
Invite Your
Friends to Bayt.com
Find Jobs
About Bayt.com
Bayt.com is the leading job site in the Gulf and Middle East, connecting job seekers with employers looking to hire.
Every day, thousands of new job vacancies are listed on the award-winning platform from the region's top employers.
Company
Quick Links
Follow
© 2000-2014 Bayt.com, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
-
Reproduction of material from any Bayt.com pages without written permission is strictly prohibited.