Recruitment Specialist Job in Dubai - Damas International Limited - Bayt.com
OK
Cancel
Loading...
Loading...
Jobs
Jobs
Salaries
People Companies Specialties
- All -
- All -Algeria (12)Bahrain (115)Dubai (1556)Egypt (495)Iraq (81)Jordan (390)Kuwait (740)Lebanon (249)Libya (16)Morocco (12)Oman (96)Pakistan (33)Qatar (1055)Saudi Arabia (2766)Sri Lanka (62)Tunisia (6)UAE (3582)Yemen (3)
Loading...
Menu - []
›
› Job Description
Recruitment Specialist
- ,
Gold Career Provider
This employer achieved a Gold Career Provider status based on their record of hiring on Bayt.com.
Date Posted: 2014/04/27 07:25:24
Ref. JB3044438
Job Description
1.	Responsible for communicating selection and recruitment systems and procedures and its implementation in Damas regional offices in coordination with HR representatives.
2.	Responsible for maintaining
data base of applicants received through various recourses such as walk-ins, received e-mails & faxes, personal recommendations, job fairs, newspapers ads and from recruitment agencies and ensuring that the database is continuously updated with high calibre applications and resumes.
3.	Responsible for providing back office Departments with applications upon request.
4.	Responsible for receiving and logging vacancies and staff needs from various departments and functions at Damas as per set staffing plans.
5.	Responsible for coordinating with related parties within Damas to obtain decisions in relation to internal or external recruiting for vacant positions.
6.	Accountable for preparing and seeking approvals for announcing job vacancies through newspaper ads , Internal Announcement, Recruiting agencies and online recruitment web sites, for both back office and regional offices.
7.	Responsible for recommending and establishing agreements with Head Hunting and Recruiting agencies and service providers to ensure achievement of staffing targets and plans.
8.	Responsible for measuring and reporting response and effectiveness of jobs vacancies announcements.
9.	Initiate separation process on the basis of Acceptance of Resignation / Termination letters received.
10.	Supervises the co-ordination with Payroll to remove separated employee records from the HR-Net thereby ensuring that manpower headcount is accurate at all times.
11.	Conduct exit interviews and maintain records of such in order to develop action plans for increasing retention.
12.	Responsible for coordinating candidates interviewing and selection activities with concerned people and in line with set systems and procedures.
13.	Responsible for recommending, establishing, and implementing selection criteria and tests for various positions to ensure selecting competent and skilled staff.
14.	Responsible for coordinating, reporting, and facilitating decision making in relation to selection and recruiting process and approving candidates in line with HR systems and procedures.
15.	Accountable for ensuring that potential candidates are targeted in the most effective way and that appropriate processes are deployed to maximize the fit between first choice candidates and Damas’s requirements.
Skills
•	Excellent Interpersonal Skills.
•	Excellent computer skills.
•	Excellent command of the English language.
•	Advanced interviewing skills.
•	Persuading skills.
•	Listening skills.
•	Negotiation skills.
•	Analysis and reporting skills.
•	Manpower planning skills
Job Details
Job Location:
Dubai, United Arab Emirates
Company Industry:
Retail/Wholesale
Company Type:
Employer (Private Sector)
Job Role:
Human Resources/Personnel
Joining Date:
Unspecified
Employment Status:
Full time
Employment Type:
Employee
Monthly Salary Range:
Unspecified
Manages Others:
Unspecified
Number of Vacancies:
1
Preferred Candidate
Career Level:
Mid Career
Years of Experience:
Min: 5 Max: 7
Residence Location:
United Arab Emirates
Gender:
Unspecified
Nationality:
Unspecified
Degree:
Bachelor's degree / higher diploma
About This Company
Damas International Limited (Damas) is the Middle East’s leading jewellery and watch retailer.
Headquartered in Dubai, United Arab Emirates, Damas trades in gold and gold jewellery, diamond jewellery, pearls, watches, silver, and precious stones on a retail and wholesale basis.
The journey of the Damas Group began in 1907 in Syria. In the late 1970s, the Damas brand was established in the United Arab Emirates, and by the end of 1985 the Damas Group had expanded into several retail stores. By 2000, the Group had established retail operations in Qatar, Bahrain, Oman and Jordan. In 2002, the Group expanded its operations to Kuwait and Saudi Arabia, and by 2004, the Group was operating in Egypt, Italy and India.
Global Strength:
As of November 2012, Damas operates around 300 stores in 12 countries, dispersed principally throughout the Middle East.
The Group’s network of retail outlets includes subsidiaries (predominantly), plus jointly controlled entities and associates.
Retail Divisions:
Leveraging its expansive network of outlets, Damas sells its own branded products, as well as other selected regional and global luxury brands.
Damas sells jewellery and watches through four main store formats, which are uniquely positioned to address different consumer segment needs. Specifically, the Les Exclusives Stores offer high-end luxury products; Semi-Exclusives Stores offer stylish and sophisticated products for the discerning consumer; and the Damas 22K and 18K Stores offer trendy, fashionable and stylish products and brands at competitive prices.
In addition to the four principal store formats, Damas also operates other outlets such as exclusive watch stores and Mono-brand boutiques.
Date Posted: 2014/04/27 07:25:24
Ref. JB3044438
Similar Jobs
Recommended Courses
Invite Your
Friends to Bayt.com
Find Jobs
About Bayt.com
Bayt.com is the leading job site in the Gulf and Middle East, connecting job seekers with employers looking to hire.
Every day, thousands of new job vacancies are listed on the award-winning platform from the region's top employers.
Company
Quick Links
Follow
© 2000-2014 Bayt.com, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
-
Reproduction of material from any Bayt.com pages without written permission is strictly prohibited.