Global Medical Recruiting
or
Country
- All -KuwaitOmanQatarRussian FederationSaudi ArabiaUnited Arab Emirates
Facility
- All -Advanced Treatment and Preventive Medical CenterAin Al Khaleej HospitalAl Tamimi InvestmentsAl-Jazeera Medical GroupAl-Os'rah Medical CompanyAmana Healhcare HospitalAmerican Hospital DubaiChild & Adolescent & Family Service Development ProjectDrs. Nicolas & Asp Dental Health ProviderExeter Medical CentreFalck MedicalHamad Medical CorporationHamad Medical Corporation - General HospitalKing Khaled Eye Specialist HospitalMuscat Private HospitalNeuro Spinal HospitalNew Mowasat Hospital PHCCSaudi German HospitalSEHA - Abu Dhabi Health Services Company
SEHA - Al Ain HospitalSEHA - Al Wagan Hospital SEHA-Tawam Hospital
Category
- All -Administration - Hospital & Medical Anesthesiology Architectural - Health FacilityAudiologyBiomedical EngineeringCardiologyCritical Care Medicine Dental DermatologyDialysisDietetics & NutritionEducators - Healthcare Embryology Emergency Medicine EMS - Ambulance ServicesEndocrinology & Diabetes Engineering - Health Facility ENT - Ear, Nose & Throat Excercise Physiology Family Medicine Finance & Accounting - Healtcare Industry Gastroenterology General Surgeons Genetics Geriatrics GP - General Practition Haematology Healthcare - Admitting Management Healthcare - Business Management Healthcare - Executive Management (Executive Director/CEO)Healthcare - Medical Management Healthcare - Operations Management Healthcare - Organisational Development Management Healthcare - Project Management (PMP'S)Healthcare - Strategy Management Healthcare Improvement Management HIM - Health Information Management & Medical RecordsInfection ControlInfectious DiseaseInterior Designing - Healthcare Facility Internal MedicineIT - Information Technology Lab Technology & Biomedical Science Linguistics - Language InstructionMarketing - Healtcare FacilitiesMedical Imaging Medical Informatics Medical Physics Metabolic Medicine Microbiology NeonatologyNephrology - Kidney & Kidney DiseasesNeurologyNuclear Medicine & Radiation
TherapyNursing Obstetrics & GynaecologyOccupational Health and Safety Occupational TherapyOncology - Cancer Opthalmology & Optometry OrthopedicsOrthotics & Prosthetics PARAMEDICS Pathology PediatricsPharmacist PhysiotherapyPodiatric Medicine - Foot & Ankle PsychiatryPsychology Quality ManagementRadiographyRadiologyRespiratory TherapyRheumatologySales - Medical Social WorkSonographySpeech & Language TherapyStatistics & Data Management Transfusion Medicine Ultrasound Urology Virology
Sub-Category
- All -
Jobs Available
02400
Contact Details
E:
T: + 27 123 465 657
Follow Us:
View Position
Registered/Staff Midwifes
Global Medical Recruiting seeking international Medical Staff on behalf of Al Wagan Hospital located in the UAE. The hospital is part of the SEHA Health System, it is owned and operated by Abu Dhabi Health Services Company (SEHA) which is responsible for the curative activities of all the public hospitals and clinics of the Emirate of Abu Dhabi. Al Wagan Hospital is part of Tawam Hospital and currently in the process of expansion. We are in urgent need of qualified candidates who meet the criteria.
Candidates with HAAD or DHA licence preferred. Visit www.haad.ae for more information about the HAAD licensing process.
Reference
Al Wagan
Country
United Arab Emirates
City
Abu Dhabi
Facility
SEHA - Al Wagan Hospital
Available
Within 2-3 months
Package
Tax free salary. Housing. Airfare. Transport allowances. Furniture allowances. Education allowances for children. Telephone allowances. Generous annual leave entitlement. Free health insurance. Subsidized meals in the staff restaurant. Subsidized gym membership. Generous end of service benefits for expatriate staff.
Minimum Requirements
EDUCATION:Bachelor of Science degree in nursing, or equivalent of a minimum of 3 years study duration from an accredited program, plus midwifery Certificate (Minimum 1 year syllabus) from a recognized nursing program. Direct Entry] Midwifery degree (minimum of 3 years curriculum)AND Valid/current national license AND BLS. Preferred: ALSO and NRP, relevant to area of speciality.
EXPERIENCE:Postgraduate clinical experience of a minimum of 2 years as a Midwife in maternity hospital or appropriate setting. A minimum of 2 years of experience as a Midwife in maternity hospital or appropriate setting
LANGUAGE SKILLS:English essential and Arabic preferred.
LICENSE:Must be licensed in country of origin.
AGE: Not exceeding the age of 55.
Note: On acceptance of an offer of employment from the hospital you will be required to pass the HAAD exam
Job Specification
Basic Purpose of the Role:
Understands, supports and promotes the mission, vision and values of Organisation. Provides antenatal, intra-partum and postnatal care to childbearing women and their newborn according to the Midwifery Scope of Practice as defined by the regulatory body. Adheres to and promotes the Professional Nurses Code of Conduct for Abu Dhabi. Participates in promotion of health and delivery of health education.
Key Responsibilities:
Leadership:
Demonstrates a professional commitment to patients and fellow health care professionals.
Demonstrates sound critical thinking, conflict management and problem solving ability.
Promotes and supports a collaborative practice model
Promotes an interdisciplinary team approach based on mutual respect and direct communication between health professionals.
Participates in annual performance reviews of self and others.
Acts as role model and mentor to fellow nursing staff.
Actively participates in organisational change in a constructive manner.
Supervises practical nurses and practical midwives, junior staff and student nurses to ensure the provision of safe and effective patient care.
Acts as a preceptor to new staff as required.
Performs in-charge duties as delegated.
Management of Clinical Practice:
Acts as the lead care provider for women with uncomplicated pregnancy.
Identifies pregnancy complications and risk factors and refers to the appropriate physician.
Responsible for the assessment, planning, implementation and evaluation of patient care in accordance with the organisations policy and procedures and the unit scope of service.
In accordance with organisation policy, provides routine antenatal, intrapartum and postnatal care for normal pregnancy including risk assessment, recognition of complications and initiation of appropriate action.
Promotes breastfeeding and complies with ‘baby friendly’ organisational initiatives.
Assumes accountability and responsibility for own practice and does not carry out tasks beyond level of competence.
Utilises evidence based practice in the provision of care.
Coordinates individualized care from point of first contact throughout the episode of care, incorporating discharge planning in the plan of care.
Identifies significant changes in patient conditions, initiates appropriate action and reports to immediate supervisor or physician as appropriate.
Prioritizes patient care based on ongoing assessment of patient needs.
Participates in the referral process and utilises available resources for the provision of comprehensive care to patients and families as per organisational policy.
Demonstrates service excellence and acts as a patient advocate to support the patient’s rights and dignity at all times.
Facilitates a climate of mutual understanding, and appreciation of cross cultural differences inherent in a multicultural society.
Collaborates with the interdisciplinary team to provide patient and family centred care.
Administers medications according to organisation policies and procedures.
Understands actions of medication and contraindications, evaluates patient’s
response and identifies side effects and initiates appropriate action.
Is accountable and responsible to practice within the Ministry of Health and HA-AD
Narcotic Policies and Procedures.
Reports Adverse Drug Reactions (ADR’s) and Medication errors in accordance with organisation policy.
Responds to all levels of emergencies according to the organisations policies and procedures.
Demonstrates a working knowledge of resource consumption and practices within a cost effective framework.
Communication:
Maintains confidentiality and security of patient, family, and the organisation information in accordance with the confidentiality policy.
Responsible for documentation and participates in the use of information technology and relevant electronic medical records.
Facilitates effective communication between the patient, family and the interdisciplinary health care team as required.
Liaises with other health care providers as necessary to ensure appropriate and timely interventions for patients and for discharge planning.
Actively participates in meetings, rounds and case conferences in the role of primary nurse.
Provides comprehensive clinical handover and reports as required to ensure patient safety
Ensures that nursing documentation is compliant with organisation policies and procedures.
Ensures documentation reflects a continuous, systematic and accurate nursing assessment of all patient care events.
Establishes and maintains professional boundaries with patients and members of the health care team.
Performance Improvement/Risk
Management
Participates in quality improvement activities by assisting with the development of standards, implementation and review of policies, procedures, guidelines,evaluation of indicators and reporting of outcomes and trends.
Monitors and assists in evaluating unit operation and services in order to correct problems, improve systems and ensure safe patient care.
Participates in interdisciplinary teams and Performance Improvement Projects for the evaluation and improvement of processes and clinical practice.
Actively contributes to the organisations’ culture of patient safety.
Ensures provision of a clean and safe working environment that minimizes risks to patient, visitors, other staff, and self. Identify faulty / defective equipment /furniture; remove from service and report to immediate supervisor for action.
Complies with International and HAAD patient safety goals.
Actively promotes and complies with the organisation’s Infection Control policies and procedures
Identify, manage and report incidents to immediate supervisor and to physician as required. Completes appropriate documentation according to organisation policy.
Education:
Assess patient and family education needs, plan for and provide education and evaluate outcome.
Provides a suitable environment that supports patient and family learning.
Ensures patient and family are provided with comprehensive information and resources to meet their health care needs and empower them to make informed choices about their care.
Engages in health promotion activities in the healthcare organisation and community.
Promotes normal physiological childbirth.
Professional Responsibilities:
Promotes a suitable learning environment for staff, acts as mentor/ preceptor as needed.
Supervises and teaches other staff as needed.
Completes mandatory and unit specific competencies and demonstrates ongoing competence.
In conjunction with, but not limited to, the Manager / Charge Nurse / CRN, identifies own professional learning needs and develops an annual learning plan.
Demonstrates improvement in clinical practice as a result of application of new theoretical knowledge.
Initiates or participates in Nursing and or other disciplines research that contributes to continual improvement in standards of care.
Develops and maintains own Professional Portfolio as per HA-AD policy.
Obtains accredited and non-accredited Continuing Nursing Education (CNE) Units in compliance with HA-AD and the organisations requirements.
General:
This job description is not definitive and following periodic review may be subject to change.
The midwife will also be expected to contribute to the wider corporate and organisational development needs as appropriate within scope of practice.
The staff nurse will be expected to ensure compliance with the requirement of the Health and Safety regulations of the hospital.
Upholds the organisation customer service standards at all time.
Physical Requirements:
The position requires a considerable amount of physical work at least 25% of the time. In addition the position requires office work
involving extensive use of the computer and interdepartmental coordination.
The individual must be able to quickly maneuver throughout halls, stairways and patient rooms in response to hospital emergencies.
The following denote the key physical requirements for the job which may require:
Standing.
Walking.
Sitting.
Stairs.
Simple Grasping.
Fine Manipulation.
Operation Machinery / Equipment.
Lifting / overhead reaching.
Twisting.
Climbing / Balancing.
Crouching / Squatting.
Manual handling.
Reaching.
How  GLOBAL MEDICAL RECRUITING (GMR) will assist you in your search for a new job opportunity abroad?
In answer to a question regularly asked: You, the applicant will not be
liable to pay any recruitment fees to us, we are paid by our clients the hospitals.
Established in 2007 and now leaders in placement of qualified and experienced international medical staff at Middle Eastern hospitals (Qatar, UAE, Saudi-Arabia, Kuwait etc) and now also Russia and Nigeria.
Global Medical Recruiting  experience recruitment personnel will assist you with the following:
1. Creating an International Standard CV.
2. Submitting your CV to several hospitals at once (in countries of your choice).
3. Liaise between yourself and the hiring hospitals for feedback on CV submitted.
4. Arrange for Telephonic / SKYPE / in person interviews.
5. Send the Offer of employment to you with relevant information regarding the offer, employer, country etc.
6. Assist you with acceptance of the offer and submission of all relevant documentation.(Note: On acceptance of a offer of employement - you need to budget for the following expenses: Police clearance certificate, Medical/bloodtest, Authentication fees and Credentialing fees. The afore-mentioned is paid directly to the relevant supplier of the service for ex medical/bloodtest fees will be paid to the relevant physician/medical practice you choosed and used and NOT to Global Medical Recruiting. Requirements regarding the afore-mentioned documentation differs from hospital to hospital and between countries
7. Assist you with Verification / Credentialing (Clinical Staff) and all recruitment requirements.
8. Liaise with the employer regarding issuing of your entry visa into the country.
9. Advise you on when it is safe to resign.
10. Book your flight and meet & greet at the airport.
11. Be in contact with your after you start at your new employer and assist with any problems / further requirements.
About the Employer
The hospital serves an estimated population of 40,000, distributed in Al Wagan and its surrounding areas (Al Que, Abu Keria and
Al Arrad). The hospital was inaugurated in 2004, with a capacity of 25 beds, and provides emergency services, general outpatient clinics, dental care, physiotherapy, internal medicine, paediatric care and OBGYN (pre and post natal only).
Al Wagan Hospital became a part of Tawam Hospital in affiliation with Johns Hopkins Medicine in 2007. Since then, the hospital has been going through extensive operational and standards development and improvement. Consequently, the hospital was
accredited by both Joint Commission International (JCI) and by Health Authority‐Abu Dhabi (HAAD).
In 2012, the hospital experienced 53,186 outpatient visits, 8453 ER visits and 739 admissions. With a dedication to providing quality, efficient and patient‐centric services, Al Wagan Hospital added the following services: Dermatology, endocrinology, ENT,
ophthalmology, nephrology and a diet clinic. In addition, the hospital established a 5‐station dialysis unit operated by SEHA
Dialysis Services and a separate Dental Centre. Furthermore, Al Wagan Hospital is in the process of
instituting new facilities Phase I, which will include a stateof‐
the‐art 10‐bed maternity unit, a new dialysis unit and a new outpatient clinic setup. Phase II will include emergency department expansion, a new staff accommodation and a helipad.
Being one of the most important assets of the community,
Al Wagan Hospital fills a role as a the focal point of the community's healthcare activities and the catalyst which brings highly qualified physicians, nurses, other healthcare providers and the required resources to maintain and preserve the community's health status.
Copyright © 2011 | Global Medical Recruiting
Design . Develop . Maintain |