GulfTalent.com
Executive Assistant
ESNAAD
UAE
Posted on: 30 Apr 2014
THE ROLE
Expand all
Responsibilities:
• Writing of the submission document
• Liaison with all Divisions and Department to understand processes in place to understand how the criteria and sub criteria are being met and results recorded.
• Collation of all information gained and presentation of key points in submission document together with supporting graphs and statistical data.
• Awareness and training session on the Business Excellence Model including how the submission is assessed and scored to ensure all staff understand the model and understand their roles in how to meet its requirements.
• Establish criteria owners and teams to begin collation of data, evidence and good practices. Choice of criteria owners is crucial for success and, equally, the teams formed to collate information required for each of the sub-criteria.
• Carry out initiatives; actions required for any identified “quick wins” to strengthen the submission and ensuring coverage of the Areas for Improvement (AFI’s).
These initiatives would have owners and teams from within ESNAAD and Executive Assistant role would be to support the teams in achieving objectives and collating data for the proposed monthly meetings.
• Action Plan to support identified initiatives led by team managers/leaders. These would have defined time lines to ensure results in the appropriate timeframe for completeness and evidence collation.
To develop a central tracking tool to monitor progress on these.
Monthly meetings to be held to monitor progress.
REQUIREMENTS
Qualifications:
Bachelor in Business Administration, experience 15 years, computer literate, excellent correspondences skills, report writing, presentation skills and customer services
familiar with all ISO standards
ABOUT THE COMPANY
ESNAAD is a wholly owned subsidiary of ADNOC. The facility currently known as Mussafah Offshore Supply Base (MOSB) is strategically located at the Industrial hub of Mussafah approximately 40kms by road from the city center of Abu Dhabi. "ESNAAD" is not an acronym, as the Arabic name implies it means "Support".
The Base spreads over 148 hectares of fully developed land alongside the channel, with its state-of-the-art facilities. The company is well equipped to meet the challenge that lie ahead in supporting the oil and gas industry in the region operating in an era of modern technology.
The base operates 24 hours a day throughout the year and it provides security round-the-clock through an access control procedure and a highly sophisticated fire detection and fire lighting system.
Send
Candidates who applied for this job also applied for:
|
|