GulfTalent.com
Senior Oil and Gas Safety and Risk Engineer
A Leading HR Consulting Company in UAE
Abu Dhabi, UAE
Posted on: 30 Apr 2014
THE ROLE
Expand all
Position -- Senior Oil and Gas Safety and Risk Engineer.
Salary based on Candidates Engineering Experience and Current Salary.
Established in the United Arab Emirates in 1997 our Client are engaged in the provision of Health, Safety & Environmental Consultancy, Construction, Maintenance, Project Development and Supply of Equipment & Services to industries and organisations across the Gulf and the Middle East regions.
Their objective is to support the clients and partners in the successful implementation of all stages of their projects, from inception to completion and beyond. They strive to provide them with services which not only meets, but also exceed their expectations and specifications. This attention to quality is combined with a highly efficient problem-solving approach
Responsibilities : To undertake safety and risk activities as indicated below.
DUTIES. (The tasks performed while discharging responsibilities)
REQUIREMENTS
Urgent Position Senior Oil and Gas Safety and Risk Engineer -
Abu Dhabi
Candidates will be required to undertake consequence modelling using PHAST software, scribe for HAZID, HAZOP, PHSER, Bow-Tie and ALARP workshops using PHA Pro and assist in preparing safety and risk studies such as HSEIAs including COMAH/ QRA/ HEMP/ERP/ FRA/ EERA and others
Detailed duties include:
Preparation of numerical data for studies such as parts count, inventory calculation.
Consequence and frequency (Event Tree, Fault Tree) modeling using tools / software as required (PHAST, FRED, Etc.).
Development of Performance Standards.
Development of Bowties.
Developing & writing reports and preparation of technical presentations.
Coordination with teams within DOME and clients with respect to Project Related activities
Keep abreast of latest safety & risk Best Practice around the world.
Carry out assignments as set out by the Management
ABOUT THE COMPANY
A leading HR Consulting Company in UAE.
Send
|
|