GulfTalent.com
Digital Communications Developer
Al Tayer Group
UAE
Posted on: 30 Apr 2014
THE ROLE
Expand all
We at Al Tayer Group are looking for a Digital Communications Developer to work with the Customer Communications Manager and the broader CRM team, across Retail/ATM & ATG in translating events into targeted emails. Key responsibilities shall revolve around designing and coding the emails using industry best practices to ensure compatibility with desktops and smart devices across a range of email clients. Also to liaise with incumbent agencies to instruct them in the design and construction of email best practice (design and coding) and more broadly within the Marketing Operations team.
The role shall involve working with the Customer Communications team to translate event driven campaigns into consumer facing email marketing material, Integrate social media initiatives , Design technical solutions that focus on a wide variety of technology devices to support marketing campaigns, Work with the loyalty team to develop all email communications pieces for the loyalty programme such as points statements, Amber Private Offers, etc and Manage calendar of creative requests on a daily basis and adhere to email production schedules.
This involves creating and implementing email templates and adapt existing artwork files to a responsive email design, Developing emails (coding in html) using latest industry design and techniques focusing on layout, interactivity, design and messaging, deploying best practice regarding designing for mobile and responsive design to ensure the optimum customer experience, Reviewing agency creative and Implement personalization and work with dynamic content.
This involves Test email, multivariate testing, working with Analytics function, develop processes to ensure email deliverability, manage collaterals and keep information on market trends.
REQUIREMENTS
As a Digital Communications Developer you would be a Bachelors' Degree holder in IT with at least 5 years experience in multi channel direct marketing specializing in email marketing with excellent exposure of IT and smart devices having working expertise and knowledge in HTML, CSS, Photoshop, Dreamweaver and other email design and development tools.
Excellent Analytical, communication and creative skills in a multi cultural, dynamic and fast paced environment are key.
Working knowledge of email clients is good. Candidates coming from an HTML designÂ
background preferred.
ABOUT THE COMPANY
Established in 1979, Al Tayer Group is a privately-held, diversified company with operations in 12 countries in the Middle East and beyond.
With over 7,800 employees from 95 different nationalities, the Group has its headquarters in Dubai, UAE.
Al Tayer Group operates leading, quality-focused businesses in automobile sales and service, luxury and lifestyle retail, perfumes and cosmetics distribution, engineering as well as interiors contracting.
The Group’s portfolio includes several of the world’s leading brands such as Armani, Bvlgari, Banana Republic, Ford, Ferrari, Gucci, Gap, Harvey Nichols and Maserati. The Group operates over 180 stores across multiple markets in the Middle East. In addition, Al Tayer Group has investments in commercial real estate, contracting, supply chain management, precision tools manufacturing and travel agency services.
Send
|
|