Education Counselor Job in Abu Dhabi - Al Khawarizmi International College - Bayt.com
OK
Cancel
Loading...
Loading...
Jobs
Jobs
Salaries
People Companies Specialties
- All -
- All -Algeria (12)Bahrain (117)Dubai (1556)Egypt (497)Iraq (81)Jordan (385)Kuwait (740)Lebanon (249)Libya (16)Morocco (12)Oman (96)Pakistan (33)Qatar (1055)Saudi Arabia (2769)Sri Lanka (62)Tunisia (6)UAE (3583)Yemen (3)
Loading...
Menu - []
›
› Job Description
Education Counselor
- ,
Date Posted: 2014/04/30 08:59:12
Ref. JB3041772
Job Description
This position requires maintaining a strong positive image for the College as the leading community institution in the UAE and the region. The applicant must have minimum Bachelor Degree in Marketing (or relevant field) with minimum 1 year of experience in Educational Institution in GCC or Middle East. Also, he/she should have excellent communication and persuasive skills and should be fluent in both – English and Arabic.
Key Responsibilities:
1.	Will be responsible in handling
all the telephone enquiries
2.	Will be providing counseling for potential students at KIC
3.	Will have to actively participate at all major exhibitions
4.	Must be able to market or sell a specific course or service
5.	Must inform the customers about the range of services and Programs offered by KIC
6.	Must inform the customers about specific event such as public seminar
7.	Will be responsible in building a professional image for KIC
8.	Will be responsible in conducting and assisting Public Seminars
9.	Maintain strong links with the local IT/Business industry and potential employers of the College graduates
10.	Helping with the material and designing ideas of College Brochures and Catalogues
11.	Must be willing to assist the marketing department when required.
Skills
The candidate must have a minimum of a Bachelor Degree in Marketing (or relevant field) with a minimum of 1 year of experience in sales within GCC or Middle East. The candidate should be having excellent Communication skills with good IT skills. The candidate must be well organized, energetic, enthusiastic and very cooperative and must also have interpersonal skills and should be fluent in both – English and Arabic languages.
Education
Minimum Bachelor Degree in Marketing/Advertising (or relevant field)
Job Details
Job Location:
Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates
Company Industry:
Education, Training, and Library
Company Type:
Employer (Private Sector)
Job Role:
Marketing/PR
Joining Date:
Unspecified
Employment Status:
Unspecified
Employment Type:
Unspecified
Monthly Salary Range:
Unspecified
Manages Others:
Unspecified
Number of Vacancies:
1
Preferred Candidate
Career Level:
Mid Career
Years of Experience:
Min: 1 Max: 2
Residence Location:
Unspecified
Gender:
Unspecified
Nationality:
Unspecified
Degree:
Bachelor's degree / higher diploma
Date Posted: 2014/04/30 08:59:12
Ref. JB3041772
Similar Jobs
Recommended Courses
Invite Your
Friends to Bayt.com
Find Jobs
About Bayt.com
Bayt.com is the leading job site in the Gulf and Middle East, connecting job seekers with employers looking to hire.
Every day, thousands of new job vacancies are listed on the award-winning platform from the region's top employers.
Company
Quick Links
Follow
© 2000-2014 Bayt.com, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
-
Reproduction of material from any Bayt.com pages without written permission is strictly prohibited.