alJazeera Jobs - Consultant Project Manager/Resident Engineer
Jobs in Qatar, Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, Oman, Bahrain, Dubai, Abu Dhabi by alJazeera Jobs
Select Language
English
Francais
Deutsch
عربي
Español
Português
Русский
Nederlands
Türkçe
اردو
Contact alJazeera Jobs Bahrain: (+973) 16199-113
Serving Arabian Gulf Job Seekers since 2007, alJazeera Jobs
is the established, trusted and leading provider of Jobs in
, , , ,
and .
Subscribe to our custom developed Candidate
Management Service to proactively place your details in Arabic
and English into the HR systems of the leading employers in
the Gulf. Jump to the head of the queue and get hired, sign-up
.
JOB SEARCH
I'm looking for...
In location
Select Country
Saudi Arabia
UAE
Kuwait
Qatar
Bahrain
Oman
other
ACCOUNT MANAGEMENT:
|
Consultant Project Manager/Resident Engineer
30 Apr 2014 08:04 AM - UAE
Â  Â
Consultant Project Manager/Resident Engineer Robinson Faris Jones - Human Resources (RFJ-HR)Sharjah, UAERef: NP370-137The RoleThe RoleEstablished International Architecture and Engineering Design Consultancy have been established in the UAE for over 30 years and offer Design and Supervision services. Projects successfully completed include Towers, Educational, Masterplans, Retail, Residential and Commercial developments. Currently they require a Consultant Project Manager/Resident Engineer to work on a range of projects, initially Education developments. Reporting into the Client, this individual will be able to manage the construction supervision from the consultants standards. Able to deliver projects, managing client and contractor relationships and a site team, this individual will be multi tasking and responsible for contract management. RequirementsRequirementsWith minimum 15 years experience, this individual will have a Degree in Civil/Structural Engineering and a consultancy background in the UAE. Managing projects of medium to large scale, this individual will ideally have PMP qualification or knowledge of. Excellent construction and technical knowledge is required. Ability to manage deadlines, teams and client and authority relationships is key. Arabic communication skills would be ideal. About the CompanyAbout the CompanyRobinson Faris Jones - Human Resources (RFJ-HR), is a new bespoke HR and Resourcing Consultancy tailored to giving individuals and companies alike a premier and personal service. Consisting only of Director level personnel, each with over 7 years experience of working within the Gulf Region, we aim to alleviate all the issues and frustrations traditionally associated with using a Resourcing or external HR service. Each client and candidate is hand picked and dealt with by a Director personally thus ensuring that all parties get the level of service they expect. The industries we specialise in are as follows: Property & Facilities Management Construction
Engineering
Architecture Civil & Structural Sales & Marketing
Business Support Human Resources Aligned with this we also offer a comprehensive range of Training and Development courses in a variety of disciplines. Our Trainers are all professionally qualified in their chosen fields and are available on a short or longer term interim period. Our HR Consultancy service offers industry acc (more...)
GT
Advertisement
|
|
|
|
|
All rights reserved - AlJazeeraJobs ® is a registered trade mark and unauthorised usage is strictly prohibited.
|
, , , , ,