alJazeera Jobs - Snr Business Development / Bid Manager
Jobs in Qatar, Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, Oman, Bahrain, Dubai, Abu Dhabi by alJazeera Jobs
Select Language
English
Francais
Deutsch
عربي
Español
Português
Русский
Nederlands
Türkçe
اردو
Contact alJazeera Jobs Bahrain: (+973) 16199-113
Serving Arabian Gulf Job Seekers since 2007, alJazeera Jobs
is the established, trusted and leading provider of Jobs in
, , , ,
and .
Subscribe to our custom developed Candidate
Management Service to proactively place your details in Arabic
and English into the HR systems of the leading employers in
the Gulf. Jump to the head of the queue and get hired, sign-up
.
JOB SEARCH
I'm looking for...
In location
Select Country
Saudi Arabia
UAE
Kuwait
Qatar
Bahrain
Oman
other
ACCOUNT MANAGEMENT:
|
Snr Business Development / Bid Manager
30 Apr 2014 08:04 AM - UAE
Â  Â
Snr Business Development / Bid Manager Sommerman Skinner Associates (SSA Limited)Abu Dhabi, UAERef: KP181-993The RoleThe RoleOur client, a multi-national Project Management Consultancy is looking for a Snr Business Development/Bid Manager to aid the procurement of more work based from Abu Dhabi, UAE. In an organisation, which already has a sizeable order book in both the UAE and Saudi Arabia, you will have the opportunity to grow this further and have the backing of a strong commercial team. RequirementsRequirementsApplicants must have a strong network of contacts and therefore preferably have worked in the Middle East previously or currently. You will be western educated and have strong negotiation skills and a successful track record with tenders and or RFPs.
The successful candidate will be very experienced at client presentations and be a strong representative at all levels in this client-facing role. A very competitive salary package is on offer for the right candidate. About the CompanyAbout the CompanySSA Ltd. (Sommerman Skinner Associates) find out the detail to allow you to make qualified judgments about your career and its progression. On the companies that we represent (over 2000 spread across a diverse spectrum of industry) we will be able to inform you of contracts pending, awarded, company growth, opportunity, relative reward and internal prospects. We believe that through spending time and effort front end through interviewing or individual dedication we can offer real advice that will be valued. Our founder is degree qualified with extensive exposure to industry and with a career also behind him in Recruitment Management. Our team is made up of qualified construction professionals. We specialise in both permanent and freelance opportunities to qualified construction professionals. Disciplines covered include: Site Engineers, Site Agents (more...)
GT
Advertisement
|
|
|
|
|
All rights reserved - AlJazeeraJobs ® is a registered trade mark and unauthorised usage is strictly prohibited.
|
, , , , ,