alJazeera Jobs - Senior Software Consultant
Jobs in Qatar, Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, Oman, Bahrain, Dubai, Abu Dhabi by alJazeera Jobs
Select Language
English
Francais
Deutsch
عربي
Español
Português
Русский
Nederlands
Türkçe
اردو
Contact alJazeera Jobs Bahrain: (+973) 16199-113
Serving Arabian Gulf Job Seekers since 2007, alJazeera Jobs
is the established, trusted and leading provider of Jobs in
, , , ,
and .
Subscribe to our custom developed Candidate
Management Service to proactively place your details in Arabic
and English into the HR systems of the leading employers in
the Gulf. Jump to the head of the queue and get hired, sign-up
.
JOB SEARCH
I'm looking for...
In location
Select Country
Saudi Arabia
UAE
Kuwait
Qatar
Bahrain
Oman
other
ACCOUNT MANAGEMENT:
|
Senior Software Consultant
30 Apr 2014 08:04 AM - UAE
Â  Â
Senior Software Consultant SQ Computer PersonnelDubai, UAERef: LP180-257The RoleThe RoleRole: Senior software consultant for 'Real Estate Software Solutions'. - Build community of users - Envision new features and products for the community - Find ways to help customers across new markets Salary package: AED15-20k per month + Commission + Annual flight to home country + Medical Insurance and Annual profit sharing from company based on how much consulting is done RequirementsRequirementsYou must be: - Energetic, well presented and possess and understanding of real estate concepts and strategy - A team player with excellent English communication skills both oral and written - Willing to take direction while also being self motivated and ready to take the initiative - Fluent in the internet and able to work with web-based applications like Google Apps - Able to learn and grow, and take advantage of prospects for career growth - Must UAE driving and license and car About the CompanyAbout the CompanyDue to overwhelming client demand, SQ Computer Personnel opened a branch in the UAE in 2007 which we called SQ Gulf. Over the last 7 successful years we have carved out a strong and credible reputation in the UAE as a recruiter of choice. We work in partnership with a number of large multi-national and regional organisations as well as smaller, boutique companies. We aim to supply personnel on a sole agency basis which, in turn, provides you with a very attractive and cost effective, headache-free process. SQ Gulf covers a wide range of vertical markets with in the MENA region. We have mirrored our UK successes by building a 360 degree, full life-cycle infrastructure and support strategy. We have an experienced team of account managers who are all well versed in their specific market vertical. We cover all levels of seniority and job titles. I myself, have over 13 years of professional recruiting experience, 5 of which have been in the UAE. As an agency, I strongly believe that SQ Gulf, with it's team of dedicated and experienced staff, are exceptionally well placed to provide a smooth, successful and cost-effective recruitment solution.
(more...)
GT
Advertisement
|
|
|
|
|
All rights reserved - AlJazeeraJobs ® is a registered trade mark and unauthorised usage is strictly prohibited.
|
, , , , ,