Design Manager Job in Dubai - Bayt.com
OK
Cancel
Loading...
Loading...
Jobs
Jobs
Salaries
People Companies Specialties
- All -
- All -Algeria (12)Bahrain (117)Dubai (1556)Egypt (497)Iraq (81)Jordan (385)Kuwait (740)Lebanon (249)Libya (16)Morocco (12)Oman (96)Pakistan (33)Qatar (1055)Saudi Arabia (2769)Sri Lanka (62)Tunisia (6)UAE (3583)Yemen (3)
Loading...
Menu - []
›
› Job Description
Design Manager
Confidential Company - ,
Date Posted: 2014/04/30 07:11:14
Ref. JB3045725
Job Description
Responsible for liaising with Consultants and Contractors, co-ordinating the complete design from concept to developed design, tender and construction of a large mixed-use project including 3x Hotels, Commercial area, residential apartments and villas for a top developer in Dubai.
The position requires and individual with relevant project experience in the UAE, capable to manage, lead and motivate the Lead Consultant throughout the design and site supervision phases.
The fast-track overall design schedule is eight months plus a 3+ years construction.
Proven records of effective management of project schedules and budgets are essential.
Design Manager’s main concerns
Coordinating with Lead Consultant during the preparation of project briefs, design programmes and design works progress; expediting the design throughout the diverse phases.
Advising regarding any necessary initiatives required to mitigate project risks, guiding the Lead Consultants in the resolution of issues and problems encountered during the design and documentation process.
Working in close coordination with other project team members such as QS, CM ensuring teamwork spirit is upheld at all times.
Ensuring continuous design reviewing at all stages for conformity to the approved design brief and programs, preparing design schedules and maintaining regular reporting to the Client, ensuring that all requirements for Client and authorities approvals are in place with sufficient anticipation.
Please provide a portfolio of project to date examples in PDF format along the CV in Word Format
Skills
Candidate’s Profile
The Design Manager must be a self-starter with excellent organisational and problem solving skills in running large-scale commercial projects in the UAE.
The candidate must be fluent in English, Arabic understanding would be a welcomed skill.
Proven knowledge of UAE building codes and regulations and approval procedures during design, construction and handing over is a must.
The ideal individual would have a qualification in architecture; have international working experience, including at least 18 years+ experience working on Mixed-use, Hospitality 5 stars+, Retail and luxury Residential projects coupled with strong leadership abilities to manage multidisciplinary design teams.
Job Details
Job Location:
Dubai, United Arab Emirates
Company Industry:
Construction/Civil Engineering
Company Type:
Employer (Private Sector)
Job Role:
Management
Joining Date:
2014-05-18
Employment Status:
Full time
Employment Type:
Employee
Monthly Salary Range:
Unspecified
Manages Others:
Yes
Number of Vacancies:
1
Preferred Candidate
Career Level:
Management
Years of Experience:
Min: 15
Residence Location:
Unspecified
Gender:
Unspecified
Nationality:
Unspecified
Degree:
Bachelor's degree / higher diploma
Date Posted: 2014/04/30 07:11:14
Ref. JB3045725
Similar Jobs
Executive Solutions - ,
Recommended Courses
Invite Your
Friends to Bayt.com
Find Jobs
About Bayt.com
Bayt.com is the leading job site in the Gulf and Middle East, connecting job seekers with employers looking to hire.
Every day, thousands of new job vacancies are listed on the award-winning platform from the region's top employers.
Company
Quick Links
Follow
© 2000-2014 Bayt.com, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
-
Reproduction of material from any Bayt.com pages without written permission is strictly prohibited.