Executive Secretary - Abu Dhabi (Female) Job in Abu Dhabi - GUARDIAN INSURANCE BROKERS - Bayt.com
OK
Cancel
Loading...
Loading...
Jobs
Jobs
Salaries
People Companies Specialties
- All -
- All -Algeria (12)Bahrain (117)Dubai (1556)Egypt (497)Iraq (81)Jordan (385)Kuwait (740)Lebanon (249)Libya (16)Morocco (12)Oman (96)Pakistan (33)Qatar (1055)Saudi Arabia (2769)Sri Lanka (62)Tunisia (6)UAE (3583)Yemen (3)
Loading...
Menu - []
›
› Job Description
Executive Secretary - Abu Dhabi (Female)
- ,
Date Posted: 2014/04/30 06:41:15
Ref. JB1787877
Job Description
• CEO office Manager
• English is a must. Speaking, writing and reading.
• Filing documents.
• Organize and maintain appointments.
• Handle daily normal secretarial tasks including but not limited to:
• Answering & screening phone calls
• Photocopying, mailing, faxing, dealing with correspondence and writing letters.
• Attend meetings, take minutes and distribute them.
• Produce reports, documents and presentations.
• Creating and maintaining office systems to deal efficiently with paper flow.
• Maintain hard copy and electronic filing systems.
• Carry out specific projects and research as needed.
• Carry out other reasonable duties as needed.
Skills
• Min 3 years of experience
• Recognized secretarial or business management qualification
• Good command of English language, spoken and written.
• Good computer skills.
• Presentable
• Perfect communication & time management skills.
• Hard worker, accurate and team player.
• Flexible, responsible & able to work with a variety of people
Job Details
Job Location:
Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates
Company Industry:
Insurance
Company Type:
Employer (Private Sector)
Job Role:
Secretarial
Joining Date:
Unspecified
Employment Status:
Unspecified
Employment Type:
Unspecified
Monthly Salary Range:
Unspecified
Manages Others:
Unspecified
Number of Vacancies:
1
Preferred Candidate
Career Level:
Mid Career
Years of Experience:
Min: 3
Residence Location:
United Arab Emirates
Gender:
Female
Nationality:
Unspecified
Degree:
Unspecified
About This Company
Guardian Insurance Brokers employees are dedicated staff of professionals to help you get quickly through the individual insurance application process. We help make the major insurance inquiries quick and adequate.
We have dedicated customer''s care representatives who are available to attend to your insurance inquiry by phone or over the internet. With modern technology we aim to provide you with the information and tools necessary to make this important individual insurance decision.
Our strategy is based on transparency, reliability and professionalism by providing clarity of vision and risk awareness to our valued customer. We help our customer to purchase the best adequate cover at the lowest of premium available in the local and international insurance markets with first class securities.
Nothing could be easier or faster. Your quest for insurance should go no further than Guardian Insurance Brokers.
Date Posted: 2014/04/30 06:41:15
Ref. JB1787877
Recommended Courses
Invite Your
Friends to Bayt.com
Find Jobs
About Bayt.com
Bayt.com is the leading job site in the Gulf and Middle East, connecting job seekers with employers looking to hire.
Every day, thousands of new job vacancies are listed on the award-winning platform from the region's top employers.
Company
Quick Links
Follow
© 2000-2014 Bayt.com, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
-
Reproduction of material from any Bayt.com pages without written permission is strictly prohibited.