Sales Manager - OIL & GAS Job in Dubai - Global Innovation Company - Bayt.com
OK
Cancel
Loading...
Loading...
Jobs
Jobs
Salaries
People Companies Specialties
- All -
- All -Algeria (12)Bahrain (117)Dubai (1556)Egypt (497)Iraq (81)Jordan (385)Kuwait (740)Lebanon (249)Libya (16)Morocco (12)Oman (96)Pakistan (33)Qatar (1055)Saudi Arabia (2769)Sri Lanka (62)Tunisia (6)UAE (3583)Yemen (3)
Loading...
Menu - []
›
› Job Description
Sales Manager - OIL & GAS
- ,
Date Posted: 2014/04/30 06:13:52
Ref. JB3038875
Job Description
This job vacancy is for our sister concern MASKEM- Dubai
ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS :
• Lead strategic relationships/partnerships with key customers in the O&G; industry resulting in sales of Co. products across all industry segments. Coordinate execution and drive to closure
• Identify growth opportunities for well stimulation and enhanced oil recovery products
in customers’ operations
• Identify and champion new products, commercial strategies, and partnership opportunities to grow the Co. portfolio
• Partner with the Co. technical team in Germany to identify and promote existing products, new solutions, potential technical partnerships and demonstrations
• Responsible for Co. brand and reputation management throughout the region.
• Represent the Co. in appropriate forums and be a spokesperson for the company
Skills
QUALIFICATION
• Technical degree
• MBA in marketing, business or related disciplines
• Minimum of 10 years of experience encompassing sales, marketing, business development, or project management in the O&G; industry or relevant supply chain
• Strong networking and relationships with major oil & gas companies, downstream companies, ministries,
and public sector enterprises in GCC region
• Experience in selling to and influencing large, complex organizations
IDEAL PREVIOUS EXPERIENCE :
• Prior experience of selling products and solutions to key accounts in the O&G; industry
• Prior experience in oilfield chemicals for well stimulation, hydraulic fracturing and enhanced oil recovery projects
• Clear understanding of technical and commercial challenges in the O&G; industry
• Strong track record for generating measurable results, including exceeding op plans, driving growth and generating new customers
• Strong commercial instincts, ability to partner effectively with sales, marketing, product management teams and communications, with a reputation for execution
• Strong executive presence and experience in dealing with C-level suite execs
SKILLS & COMPETENCIES :
• Able to analyze, interpret, draw conclusions, and implement solutions on a variety of complex issues.
Individual must be self-focusing and be able to drive the critical few priorities in an environment where many demands and requests present themselves.
• Able to work independently. Formulate and execute a self-driven plan
• Able to organize, prioritize, and manage multiple projects simultaneously with appropriate sense of urgency
• Able to quickly learn about new industries, customers and technologies and translate value to customers
• Should be a clear thinker with a structured mind;
• Have excellent verbal and written communication skills, including presentation skills.
• Able to function as a member of a team – strong interpersonal skills
• Be a critical and creative thinker with imagination and self-confidence
This job is posted in the following Specialties:
Education
MBA in Marketing, business or related disciplines
Job Details
Job Location:
Dubai, United Arab Emirates
Company Industry:
Oil/Gas; Science; Merchandising
Company Type:
Employer (Private Sector)
Job Role:
Sales
Joining Date:
Unspecified
Employment Status:
Full time
Employment Type:
Employee
Monthly Salary Range:
Unspecified
Manages Others:
Unspecified
Number of Vacancies:
1
Preferred Candidate
Career Level:
Management
Years of Experience:
Unspecified
Residence Location:
United Arab Emirates
Gender:
Unspecified
Nationality:
Unspecified
Degree:
Master's degree
About This Company
GIC – Global Innovation Company – is a fully-owned subsidiary of NTEC:NTECNational Technology Enterprises Co. was established by the Kuwait Council of Ministers as a fully owned subsidiary of the Kuwait Investment Authority (KIA) with a strategic focus on transferring technology and knowledge. NTEC plays a vital role in servicing major stakeholders in Kuwait with their technology needs.NTEC's business model is designed to build platforms to attract international technologies into the local & regional markets by establishing & managing Technology Projects Development Companies utilizing investment (such as Private Equity, Venture Capital and Direct Investments), operational, training, and advisory tools to achieve its strategic objectives. NTEC’s portfolio companies are: KLSC Kuwait Life Sciences Co., a unique healthcare company which invests, operates, and train in innovative concepts, strategic services and operations in the Middle East Region. KLSC is positioned to capture on lucrative regional opportunities leveraging on the diversified international experience with a focus on venture and growth capital projects in the Gulf and broader Middle East in the life sciences area.ENERTECHA Kuwaiti holding Co., with a mission to initiate its own projects and participate in projects within energy, clean tech, recycling, water, waste management and renewable energy sectors. EnerTech’s mission also includes investments in private equity and venture capital companies within these sectors both regionally and internationally.IMPULSEImpulse Int'l for Telecom is one of the leading technology investor in Kuwait & MENA region focused on the ICT sector.GICGlobal Innovation Co. is one of the leading regional providers of human capital development solutions. GIC is responsible for managing the group human resource function for NTEC and its subsidiaries.
Date Posted: 2014/04/30 06:13:52
Ref. JB3038875
Similar Jobs
ND &
Associates - ,
Recommended Courses
Invite Your
Friends to Bayt.com
Find Jobs
About Bayt.com
Bayt.com is the leading job site in the Gulf and Middle East, connecting job seekers with employers looking to hire.
Every day, thousands of new job vacancies are listed on the award-winning platform from the region's top employers.
Company
Quick Links
Follow
© 2000-2014 Bayt.com, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
-
Reproduction of material from any Bayt.com pages without written permission is strictly prohibited.