Senior Sales Account Manager-ELV Systems Job in Dubai - Alpha Data - Bayt.com
OK
Cancel
Loading...
Loading...
Jobs
Jobs
Salaries
People Companies Specialties
- All -
- All -Algeria (12)Bahrain (117)Dubai (1556)Egypt (497)Iraq (81)Jordan (385)Kuwait (740)Lebanon (249)Libya (16)Morocco (12)Oman (96)Pakistan (33)Qatar (1055)Saudi Arabia (2769)Sri Lanka (62)Tunisia (6)UAE (3583)Yemen (3)
Loading...
Menu - []
›
› Job Description
Senior Sales Account Manager-ELV Systems
- ,
Date Posted: 2014/04/30 06:02:43
Ref. JB3045697
Job Description
Senior Sales Account Manager
1.
Sales personnel with a minimum of 3-5 years AV Sales experience in Dubai.
The successful candidate will be expected to analyze the market to offer AV & Security solutions to corporate organizations & government institutions.
2.
Sales personnel with around 8-10 years AV Sales experience in Dubai.
The successful candidate will be expected to analyze the market to offer AV & Security solutions to corporate organizations & government institutions.
Position Overview:
The ideal candidate will need to have good interpersonal skills. They should be confident and able to present to and communicate with senior management; and to translate business needs into high level solution designs. He would need to have an excellent understanding of audio, video, control system and lighting dimming products and how they are integrated. A brief idea of video conferencing technology and product knowledge and how they are integrated within an audio visual environment would be an advantage. Additionally, a working knowledge of all audio, video, control and data signal types and distribution methods is essential.
Skills
Job Description:
To handle sales of AV & Security systems to end-users.
•
Scanning the market to generate the enquiries, preparation of offers/Quotation and follow-up.
•
Visit the customers, discuss about the offer and close the order.
•
Maintain excellent customer relationship.
•
Responsible for generating monthly revenues.
The candidate will need to have:
•
Excellent communication and interpersonal skills
•
Excellent stakeholder management skills
•
Excellent technical knowledge of Audio-Visual design & products
•
Valid Driving License
Job Details
Job Location:
Dubai, United Arab Emirates
Company Industry:
Information Technology
Company Type:
Employer (Private Sector)
Job Role:
Sales
Joining Date:
Unspecified
Employment Status:
Unspecified
Employment Type:
Unspecified
Monthly Salary Range:
Unspecified
Manages Others:
Unspecified
Number of Vacancies:
1
Preferred Candidate
Career Level:
Mid Career
Years of Experience:
Min: 3 Max: 5
Residence Location:
Unspecified
Gender:
Unspecified
Nationality:
Unspecified
Degree:
Bachelor's degree / higher diploma
About This Company
Alpha Data, is the leading system integrator with over 30 years track record. Founded in 1981, Alpha Data has grown from two employees to a 700-strong workforce building ICT infrastructure solutions for thousands of organizations.Alpha Data works with its clients though a combination of deep-level business and technical expertise, an extensive knowledge of today’s technologies, and a mature, highly capable delivery and services infrastructure. Alpha Data’s offerings help our customers improve processes, reduce data centre and infrastructure costs, manage risk and governance and enhance top-line revenue. Our business approach is based on establishing long-term partnerships that encourage success through mutual benefit.Alpha Data has established strong industry ties, with the highest level of accreditation achieved with HP, Microsoft, Avaya, Cisco, Belden and Juniper in addition to an eco-system of complementary vendors. This enables Alpha Data to deliver a breadth of best-of-breed solutions to its customers through our teams of pre-sales, post sales, project implementation and support experts. Alpha Data has won the Systems Integrator of the Year Award at two of the region’s leading technology awards - CPI’s Reseller Middle East Partner Excellence Awards and ITP’s Network Middle East Innovation Awards, respectively and has always maintained a top position in the list of system integrators in UAE.Our vision is to bring out the best in everyone we work with, be it our staff, our customers or our partners.Strategic Partners: HP, Microsoft, Cisco, Avaya, Belden, Juniper Networks, Extreme Networks, Polycom, Samsung, Bosch, Autodesk and ASC
Date Posted: 2014/04/30 06:02:43
Ref. JB3045697
Recommended Courses
Invite Your
Friends to Bayt.com
Find Jobs
About Bayt.com
Bayt.com is the leading job site in the Gulf and Middle East, connecting job seekers with employers looking to hire.
Every day, thousands of new job vacancies are listed on the award-winning platform from the region's top employers.
Company
Quick Links
Follow
© 2000-2014 Bayt.com, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
-
Reproduction of material from any Bayt.com pages without written permission is strictly prohibited.