Senior Technician | Trading Enterprises Aftersales Job in Dubai - Al Futtaim Group - Bayt.com
OK
Cancel
Loading...
Loading...
Jobs
Jobs
Salaries
People Companies Specialties
- All -
- All -Algeria (12)Bahrain (117)Dubai (1556)Egypt (497)Iraq (81)Jordan (385)Kuwait (740)Lebanon (249)Libya (16)Morocco (12)Oman (96)Pakistan (33)Qatar (1055)Saudi Arabia (2769)Sri Lanka (62)Tunisia (6)UAE (3583)Yemen (3)
Loading...
Menu - []
›
› Job Description
Senior Technician | Trading Enterprises Aftersales
- ,
Gold Career Provider
This employer achieved a Gold Career Provider status based on their record of hiring on Bayt.com.
Date Posted: 2014/04/30 06:00:05
Ref. JB3045691
Job Description
About the Company:
Established in 1971, Trading Enterprises is the exclusive distributor of Volvo, Chrysler and Dodge products in the UAE. In addition, it is the distributor of Jeep in Dubai and the Northern Emirates. Across Sales, Service & Parts operations, Trading Enterprises employs in excess of 250 people and will continue to grow as the business expands through 2011 and into 2012. The division currently has eighteen outlets across multiple locations and is looking to broaden its geographical footprint to include additional Emirates.
About the Job:
With this expansion, we are currently looking to recruit experienced Senior Automotive Technician to work within our Dubai Operation.
The main responsibilities of the role will include (but not be limited to):
* Conduct basic servicing and routine maintenance on passenger Sedans and 4 wheel drive vehicles.
* Operate lifts, tools and related workshop equipment
* Usage of service manuals
* Capable to identify extra jobs required other than basic jobs
* Drive vehicles safely inside workshop and awareness on workshop safety and regulations
* Undertake basic electrical bobs
* Undertake computer based Self Learning for product awareness
Skills
About You:
In order to be successful in this role, you should have the following skills, qualification or experience:
* Diploma/ ITI holder
* minimum of 3 years hands on experience in servicing and repairing Japanese/American/ European Cars
* UAE experience is preferred
Job Details
Job Location:
Dubai, United Arab Emirates
Company Industry:
Automotive
Company Type:
Employer (Private Sector)
Job Role:
Engineering
Joining Date:
Unspecified
Employment Status:
Full time
Employment Type:
Employee
Monthly Salary Range:
Unspecified
Manages Others:
No
Number of Vacancies:
1
Preferred Candidate
Career Level:
Mid Career
Years of Experience:
Unspecified
Residence Location:
Unspecified
Gender:
Male
Nationality:
Unspecified
Degree:
Unspecified
About This Company
Established in the 1930s as a trading business, Al-Futtaim is one of the most progressive regional business houses headquartered in Dubai, United Arab Emirates.Structured into six divisions; automotive, retail, electronics, engineering and technology, real estate, financial services and general services, Al-Futtaim operates through more than 60 companies and maintains a decentralised approach, giving individual businesses flexibility and versatility to maintain a competitive stance. Employing in excess of 20,000 people across the UAE, Bahrain, Kuwait, Qatar, Oman, Egypt, Syria, Pakistan, Singapore and Europe, this approach benefits employees, providing a clearly defined work culture where individuals are empowered with authority and responsibility for their work. The success of Al-Futtaim is attributed to proactively managing change whilst upholding the values of integrity, service and social responsibility. The majority of businesses, built on a portfolio of world leading brands, dominate their sector.
Date Posted: 2014/04/30 06:00:05
Ref. JB3045691
Recommended Courses
Invite Your
Friends to Bayt.com
Find Jobs
About Bayt.com
Bayt.com is the leading job site in the Gulf and Middle East, connecting job seekers with employers looking to hire.
Every day, thousands of new job vacancies are listed on the award-winning platform from the region's top employers.
Company
Quick Links
Follow
© 2000-2014 Bayt.com, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
-
Reproduction of material from any Bayt.com pages without written permission is strictly prohibited.