Social Media Expert | Adgeco Group of Companies UAE
Go
29 Apr 2014
Full-Time
Social Media Expert
Job Description
ADGECO Group is in need of Social Media Expert who will be responsible of handling, maintaining and updating the company’s social media accounts such as but not limited to Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, Tumbler, YouTube and other social media sites.
Job Description:
Strong presence in the social media and mainstream media scene all over the world.
Your job is to assess, improve and monitor the positioning in the social and mainstream media scene.
Your job is directly related to social media where you have to code and report daily, weekly or monthly different types of analysis.
Defining and executing a specific social media strategy
Create, maintain and develop social media initiatives on social media platforms of the company.
Researching, analyzing, stylish writing and publishing online data and website content such as related events, news, reviews, services, etc.
Social media business participation including development of ongoing social media campaigns, blog strategies, videos, and community engagement.
Produce reports and suggests recommendations that can maximize and increase site ranking
Drive day-to-day publishing efforts across all channels such as posting to social channels.
Mainstream media analysis.
Defining and executing a specific social media strategy.
Create, maintain and develop social media initiatives on social media platforms of the company.
Social media business participation including development of ongoing social media campaigns, blog strategies, videos, and community engagement.
Produce reports and suggests recommendations that can maximize and increase site ranking.
Drive day-to-day publishing efforts across all channels such as posting to social channels.
social media to engage with audiences and build excellent relationship.
Follow presenting the companies in social media analysis and recommendation.
creating content for multiple Social Media channels.
Monitoring for Online Reputation Management and Social Media Marketing.
Monitoring specific matrix and describing the company positioning.
SEO Business Listings Claimed & Optimized.
Social Media Marketing and Building Strong Referral Networks
Final SEO, Reputation Marketing and Reputation Management details
Extend and maintain brand awareness across a variety of social media platforms
Planning promotion plan using high quality new content to generate links from social media, related industry, press releases and article marketing
Developing strategies and leveraging social media followers.
Monitor effective benchmarks for measuring the impact of social media programs, and analyze, review, and report on effectiveness of campaigns in an effort to maximize results.
Qualifications:
Excellent written and verbal skills – for communicating complex ideas effectively and professionally.
Bachelor’s Degree with 2 years experience in Social Media handling and managing is preferred.
Strong familiarity of all social media channels
Understanding and good knowledge in SEO
Knowledgeable in web analytics applications such as Alexa, Google Analytics, Omniture, comScore, Webtrends, etc.
Ability to work both independently and under general supervision.
Skills
Excellent written and verbal skills – for communicating complex ideas effectively and professionally.
Bachelor’s Degree with 2 years experience in Social Media handling and managing is preferred.
Strong familiarity of all social media channels
Understanding and good knowledge in SEO
Knowledgeable in web analytics applications such as Alexa, Google Analytics, Omniture, comScore, Webtrends, etc.
Ability to work both independently and under general supervision.
Technical knowledge:
social media applications
Photoshop
illustrator
Video Editors
and all other graphics applications.
To apply for this job,
Then make
After that Please fill the form bellow to apply for this job.
Personal Detail
Your Name (*)
Your Email (*)
Telephone (*)
Date of Birth (*)
Address (*)
P.O.Box (*)
Country (*)
Qualification Detail
Last Degree (*)
CGPA / Grade (*)
College / University Name (*)
Degree Issue Date (*)
Country (*)
Any Other Certificate? (*)
Experience Details
Experiance Yes / No (*)
No of Years
(*)
Title of Job (*)
Company Name (*)
Apply for
Job name (*)
Attach Documents
( Supporting Document )
Your Photo
Your Degree Scan Copy
Attach your updated Resume
Scan copy of Expereince Certificate if you have.
Your Skills
More Detail About You
Apply for this Job
Name *
Email *
Message *
Upload resumé (zip, pdf, doc, txt, rtf)
Upload cover letter (zip, pdf, doc, txt, rtf)
Copyright © Careers | Adgeco Group of Companies | Holding Company. 1992 - 2014