Accounting Manager (Arab) Job in Dubai - Paris Group - Bayt.com
OK
Cancel
Loading...
Loading...
Jobs
Jobs
Salaries
People Companies Specialties
- All -
- All -Algeria (12)Bahrain (117)Dubai (1556)Egypt (497)Iraq (81)Jordan (385)Kuwait (740)Lebanon (249)Libya (16)Morocco (12)Oman (96)Pakistan (33)Qatar (1055)Saudi Arabia (2769)Sri Lanka (62)Tunisia (6)UAE (3583)Yemen (3)
Loading...
Menu - []
›
› Job Description
Accounting Manager (Arab)
- ,
Date Posted: 2014/04/30 05:24:40
Ref. JB3044986
Job Description
1. Plan, co-ordinate and schedule distribution of work for subordinates and ensure timely completion, accuracy and compliance with the policies and procedures.
2. Perform general ledger scrutiny and monitor ledger accounts movements.
3. Check and pass monthly journal vouchers and post these in the system.
4. Check and authorize Payments, such as Petty Cash vouchers, Other Payments, Payroll etc.
6. Monitor Inter Company balance and related party transactions.
7. Finalize the monthly accounts and pass the necessary entries for closing the books.
8. Co-ordinate and correspond with other department for their department brand wise monthly expenses analysis and related queries.
9. Liaise with other departments, especially MIS, Admin, HR and Inventory to solve problems / discrepancies and ensure smooth functioning.
10. Assist Auditors (external and internal) financial analysts and Department Heads by providing the information required by them for their job and verifications.
11. Prepare consolidated and company wise monthly financial statements with various analysis, sales reports, discount reports etc. for control and Management reporting purpose.
12. Prepare the budget variance report, comparing actual with budgeted expense.
13. Initiate and implement new procedures within the department for smooth functioning of the accounts department.
14. Exercise independent control over the initial system setup for new companies and locations and maintaining chart of accounts and accounts system for financial accounting and related modules.
15. Monitor expense statements and invoices.
16. Supervise budget control allocation and report to the CFO and management any unhealthy financial incidences in the company.
Skills
- Strong analytical, communication and interpersonal skills.
- Fluent in English
- Good supervision abilities
- Commercial knowledge related to the retail industry is an advantage.
- Excellent planning & organising skills
- Excellent judgement & decision making skills
- Excellent numerical & reconcialiation skills
- Experience of leading finance projects
- Competent in teh use of finance systems with a good understanding of the system capabilities & requirements
- Sincerity to work and positive attitude
- Able to demonstrate direct responsibility for the preparation of financial records and reports.
Education
Master Degree in Accounting/Finance, Commerce or Chartered Accountant or CMA
Job Details
Job Location:
Dubai, United Arab Emirates
Company Industry:
Retail/Wholesale
Company Type:
Employer (Private Sector)
Job Role:
Accounting/Banking/Finance
Joining Date:
2014-05-15
Employment Status:
Full time
Employment Type:
Employee
Monthly Salary Range:
Unspecified
Manages Others:
Yes
Number of Vacancies:
1
Preferred Candidate
Career Level:
Mid Career
Years of Experience:
Min: 10 Max: 15
Residence Location:
United Arab Emirates
Gender:
Male
Nationality:
Algeria; Bahrain; Comoros; Djibouti; Egypt; Iraq; Jordan; Kuwait; Lebanon; Libya; Mauritania; Morocco; Oman; Palestine; Qatar; Saudi Arabia; Somalia; Sudan; Syria; Tunisia; United Arab Emirates; Yemen
Degree:
Master's degree
About This Company
PARIS GROUP 29 years of continuous success made a trademark of Professionalism and Excellent Service. Founded by Dr. Abdulkader Sankari, Paris Group on its Silver Anniversary is recognized as one of the principal forces in the Fashion and Hospitality business in the Middle East, Far East and Eastern Europe Region; it demonstrated an appreciation for the retail industry by taking a leadership role as an agent, distributor and franchisee.
The Company merits its position by representing a management profile of over 250 owned boutiques. Today, a team of more than 4,000 highly skilled and dedicated multinational professionals from around 35 nationalities are an extension of Paris Group Family; with direct employees of over 3,284 in United Arab Emirates.
With the encompassing franchise partnership of Sankari Investment with world top fashion designers such as Versace, Gianfranco Ferre, Canali, Cerruti, Richmond, Hugo Boss, Camper to name just a few, Paris Group is leading in the market of elegant and fine global fashion. Also, Paris Group under the Golden Bridge Division is committed in bringing Medium brands of fashion clothing to the region with an exclusive joint venture with Pierre Cardin and Balmain, and a franchise agreement with Ted Lapidus, Verri and Azzaro. Recognizing the demanding lifestyle of our avid clientele is our top secret that gives us direction. We will always give the best and finest in the UAE and other Region to keep our commitment of Excellent Service.
Date Posted: 2014/04/30 05:24:40
Ref. JB3044986
Similar Jobs
Recommended Courses
Invite Your
Friends to Bayt.com
Find Jobs
About Bayt.com
Bayt.com is the leading job site in the Gulf and Middle East, connecting job seekers with employers looking to hire.
Every day, thousands of new job vacancies are listed on the award-winning platform from the region's top employers.
Company
Quick Links
Follow
© 2000-2014 Bayt.com, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
-
Reproduction of material from any Bayt.com pages without written permission is strictly prohibited.