Industrial Kitchen & Laundry Equipment Business Development Manager at Al Mayar Tr. Co LLC in Sharjah | GNcareers.com
FIND YOUR DREAM JOB
Accounting
Architecture & Design
Arts & Entertainment
Auto Industry
Aviation
Banking & Finance
Beauty, Health & Fitness
Biotechnology & Science
Customer Service
Domestic
Driving
Engineering & Construction
Government & Emiratisation
HR
Hospitality
IT
Insurance
Legal
Logistics
Managerial
Manufacturing & Production
Marketing & PR
Media
Medical
Miscellaneous
Oil & Gas
Purchasing & Procurement
Real Estate & Property Services
Retail & Wholesale
Sales & Business Development
Secretarial
Teaching
Technical & Skilled
Travel
This site requires javascript to be enabled.
[New User? ]
»
Industrial Kitchen & Laundry Equipment Business Development Manager
Al Mayar Tr. Co LLC
Location:
Sharjah
Date: 30-04-2014
Salary Details:
Company car, petrol, salik, maintenance, medical health insurance, bonus, incentives..etc..
Job Type: Employee
Job Status: Full Time
Categories:
Sales & Business Development
Marketing & PR
Al Mayar Tr. Co LLC
Please see Job Details for Apply instructions
Saved!
Job Details
Sales  Functions
Generating sales, sell and negotiate prices, prepare contracts and close deals.
Maintain and follow up on current clients.
Identify, meet and conclude new business deals.
Develop a client database with up-to-date information on market trends and competitors.
Develop and nurture relationships with all potential Consultants, Customers and agencies.
Ensure that release orders are communicated as scheduled to coordinators and accounting department.
Help the accounting department to follow up on payments due to the company.
Submit daily and weekly reports including but not limited to progress reports on calls, proposals and visits carried out.
Oversee the site progress base on regular site visits and reports generated by the Project Coordinator.
Developing, implementing and managing the Sales Department procedures and policies.
Procurement Functions:
Assisting the Estimator in sourcing of suppliers in line with the tender or project quotation.
Reviewing quotations from suppliers and making sure that the quoted items suited the client requirements.
Assisting the Estimator in the preparation of final list of equipment subject for procurement.
Verifying the final list of equipment subject for purchase orders.
Research and source new products and suppliers according to needs of customer.
Developing, implementing and managing the procurement functions and procedures.
Requirements
Requirement:
More than 5 years experience in the field of sales in UAE and the Gulf in an Industrial Kitchen & Laundry Equipment field.
With Bachelors degree in Commerce, Business Administration or related degree.Knowledge in AutoCad reading and using.
Knowledge in using CRM software.
Ability to plan, organize and monitor the project from tender stage up to completion.
Ability to communicate with various external and internal stakeholders in both oral and written.
UAE Drivers license.
Send your CV and mention BUSINESS DEV. MANAGER in the subject line to: admin@almayar.ae
View Similar Jobs:
View More Jobs in Sharjah:
FEATURED JOBS
Company
Career Centre
This Site
© Copyright 2014 Al Nisr Publishing LLC - powered by Gulf News
|
|
|
|