alJazeera Jobs - SAP Sales Manager - UAE
Jobs in Qatar, Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, Oman, Bahrain, Dubai, Abu Dhabi by alJazeera Jobs
Select Language
English
Francais
Deutsch
عربي
Español
Português
Русский
Nederlands
Türkçe
اردو
Contact alJazeera Jobs Bahrain: (+973) 16199-113
Serving Arabian Gulf Job Seekers since 2007, alJazeera Jobs
is the established, trusted and leading provider of Jobs in
, , , ,
and .
Subscribe to our custom developed Candidate
Management Service to proactively place your details in Arabic
and English into the HR systems of the leading employers in
the Gulf. Jump to the head of the queue and get hired, sign-up
.
JOB SEARCH
I'm looking for...
In location
Select Country
Saudi Arabia
UAE
Kuwait
Qatar
Bahrain
Oman
other
ACCOUNT MANAGEMENT:
|
SAP Sales Manager - UAE
29 Apr 2014 10:39 PM - UAE
.SAP Sales Manager - United Arab Emirates Our client is a fast growing IT Solutions company. With offices in Austin TX, Houston TX, San Francisco CA, Folsom CA, Iselin, NJ, Columbus, IN, Glen Allen VA, Farmington Hills MI, Boca Raton FL and client locations across the United States. They have a global team of 8000+ consultants and engineers serving our client in NA, EMEA and APJ region. Position: SAP Sales Manager/Sr. Business Development Manager (2 Positions ) Type: Fulltime Permanent Location: Dubai, United Arab Emirates - Need Local Only - (Fluent in Arabic Language) Experience: - 7 to 15 years in sales. Experience in selling SAP services (for ex: SAP ERP, CRM, BI, AMS, Upgrades etc.) is a MUST. Solution selling and exposure to Large SAP deals will be advantage. Ability to work very closely with delivery and sales support team in India is a pre-requisite. Should have worked with offshore -teams in the past. Path to: Strategic Relationships/Account management Reports to: Director Business Development Job Purpose: To plan and carry out sales activities and indentify/Hunt new clients, so as to build and develop sales of IT Services to medium and large corporations, in accordance with agreed business plans. To develop relations with SAP in the region and work closely with SAP AE teams. Key responsibilities and accountabilities: Responsible for NN (net new) business. Building and Developing relations with SAP in the region. Plan and carry responsibility of new logo acquisition in specific domain with clear understanding of offering mix in the given market. Manage internal/external activities of telemarketing and research required for business development Develop ideas and create offers and value propositions Responsible for building pipeline and follow up sales leads. Travel for sales activates to different locations. Liaison with internal team to build proposal and plan joint calls Monitor and report on activities and provide relevant management information Carry out market research, competitor and suggest strategies Liaise and attend meetings necessary to build our brand by attending seminars, analyst forums that aid business development Work on large deals/hunting and bid process for the targeted customers Will carry number target for the company on annual basis Please send updated copy of your resume in Word format confirming the following Information: Full Name: Current Location Contact Number: Email: Latest Job Title: Overall Total Experience: Total Experience in SAP Sales Services: Total Experience in Middle East: Interview Availability: Notice Period: Current Company & Duration: Present Salary: Currency Expected Salary: Currency . We look forward to hearing (more...)
JS
Advertisement
|
|
|
|
|
All rights reserved - AlJazeeraJobs ® is a registered trade mark and unauthorised usage is strictly prohibited.
|
, , , , ,