alJazeera Jobs - Head Of Policy
Jobs in Qatar, Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, Oman, Bahrain, Dubai, Abu Dhabi by alJazeera Jobs
Select Language
English
Francais
Deutsch
عربي
Español
Português
Русский
Nederlands
Türkçe
اردو
Contact alJazeera Jobs Bahrain: (+973) 16199-113
Serving Arabian Gulf Job Seekers since 2007, alJazeera Jobs
is the established, trusted and leading provider of Jobs in
, , , ,
and .
Subscribe to our custom developed Candidate
Management Service to proactively place your details in Arabic
and English into the HR systems of the leading employers in
the Gulf. Jump to the head of the queue and get hired, sign-up
.
JOB SEARCH
I'm looking for...
In location
Select Country
Saudi Arabia
UAE
Kuwait
Qatar
Bahrain
Oman
other
ACCOUNT MANAGEMENT:
|
Head Of Policy
29 Apr 2014 10:14 PM - UAE
Job Description:
Our client, one of the major banking institutions here in the UAE are seeking to hire for the Head of Policy/Control position on a 6-12 month contract basis. This would be a genuine opportunity to work for one of the most prestigious organizations' here in the UAE apart from gaining some great middle eastern experience as well as earning a tax free income in a growing economy. In order to qualify for the role you need to possess the following: HR Policy: * Manage the HR policies development and design process and act as reference point for all internal and external HR policy inquiries. * Advise and/or consult with the HR Management on significant issues that pose a potential legal risk to the company or jeopardize the achievement of the business objectives. * Liaise with legal and compliance with regards to regulatory changes and any Labour law changes/amendments. HR Projects: * Conduct HR related due diligence and recommendations HR strategy for any merger and acquistion projects for UAE and global markets. * Participate wide HR projects including Reengineering, control enhancement and improvement, employee recognition, initiatives etc. * Monitor and seek ongoing feedback from internal clients to ensure that HR services, programs and processes are effectively meeting business needs. HR Controls: * Ensure all HR ORM deliverables and monthly reports such as ICD system update, BRCC-IMAT, RSCA progress reports are delivered on time. * Manage the entire HR Audit and Control internal and external requirements such CAP, BRCC, RCSA etc. * Oversee any Audit or Sharia Audit and act as Project manager including documentation, conducting formal meetings, reports, and positive closure of the Audit. * Represent HR at all ORM internal meeting and forums If you match the above criteria and are interested in this opportunity, please revert with your latest CV < (more...)
TNJ
Advertisement
|
|
|
|
|
All rights reserved - AlJazeeraJobs ® is a registered trade mark and unauthorised usage is strictly prohibited.
|
, , , , ,