alJazeera Jobs - Head of Market Access - EAGM & India Regions Job
Jobs in Qatar, Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, Oman, Bahrain, Dubai, Abu Dhabi by alJazeera Jobs
Select Language
English
Francais
Deutsch
عربي
Español
Português
Русский
Nederlands
Türkçe
اردو
Contact alJazeera Jobs Bahrain: (+973) 16199-113
Serving Arabian Gulf Job Seekers since 2007, alJazeera Jobs
is the established, trusted and leading provider of Jobs in
, , , ,
and .
Subscribe to our custom developed Candidate
Management Service to proactively place your details in Arabic
and English into the HR systems of the leading employers in
the Gulf. Jump to the head of the queue and get hired, sign-up
.
JOB SEARCH
I'm looking for...
In location
Select Country
Saudi Arabia
UAE
Kuwait
Qatar
Bahrain
Oman
other
ACCOUNT MANAGEMENT:
|
Head of Market Access - EAGM & India Regions Job
29 Apr 2014 09:44 PM - UAE
Job Description: Job Number: 1957730Business: GE HealthcareBusiness Segment: Healthcare Global MarketingAbout Us: What do you envision for your future? At GE Healthcare, we strive to see life more clearly. Our "healthymagination" vision for the future invites the world to join us on our journey as we continuously develop innovations focused on reducing healthcare costs, increasing access and improving quality and efficiency around the world.We are an $18 billion unit of General Electric Company (NYSE: GE), employing more than 52,000 people worldwide and serving healthcare professionals in more than 100 countries. We believe in our strategy - and we'd like you to be a part of it. As a global leader, GE can bring together the best in science, technology, business and people to help solve one of the world's toughest challenges and shape a new age of healthcare.About Us - Job 9 Tuesday, March 11, 2014Something remarkable happens when you bring together people who are committed to making a difference - they do!At work for a healthier world.Learn More About Careers at GELearn More About GE HealthcarePosted Position Title: Head of Market Access - EAGM & India RegionsCareer Level: ExperiencedFunction: MarketingFunction Segment: Research and AnalyticsLocation: India, Qatar, Saudi ArabiaU.S. State, China or Canada Provinces: City: IstanbulPostal Code: Relocation Assistance: NoRole Summary/Purpose: For key products under development, the Head of Market Access (MA) ensures that evidence needs for the Region are being met to ensure optimal market adoption at launch. For Lifecycle and Installed Base Marketing priorities, the Head of MA guides evidence programs to support adoption, share of wallet, retention, and conversion. The Head of MA works alongside Experts & Shared Services to execute program objectives.Essential Responsibilities: - Partners with top accounts on value confirmation (VC) studies (retention programs)- Leverage expertise and programs with top priority accounts to enable peer-to-peer communications- Cultivate Region KOLs who will advocate for GEHCs products & solutions- Build and maintain relationships with local payers, providers, and government decision-makers involved in the Market Access process- Develop content for education programs, customer events- Conduct commercial training on Economic Value Selling- Report local market requirements into MRD process- Effectively communicate health economic plans and economic study results undertaken by GE Healthcare and by other organizations to external audiences- Leverage the study results with policy-makers to assist with optimal reimbursement coverage and technology assessments- Work collaboratively with cross-industry partners to conduct collective research programs that improve access to technologies within our industry- Collaborate with Product Market Access specialists on product/solution launches at key trade shows within regions- Manage shared service support related to database analyses, literature reviews and modeling- Lead and manage vendor and shared service resources related to Market Access- Liaise with Regulatory and Clinical Affairs to ensure appropriate clinical support and guidance when addressing reimbursement issuesQuality Specific Goals:1. Aware of and comply with the GEHC Quality Manual, Quality Management System, Quality Management Policy, Quality Goals, and applicable laws and regulations as they apply to this job type/position2. Complete all planned Quality & Compliance training within the defined deadlines3. Identify and report any quality or compliance concerns and take immediate corrective action as requiredQualifications/Requirements: 1. Bachelor's degree in a healthcare discipline e.g. biological science, economics, health economics, health services research, epidemiology, statistics or related disciplines2. A minimum of 5 years of progressively more responsible industry experience in a health technology company, consulting firm, etc.3. Self-starter with the ability to work independently.4. Team player - ability to work effectively across a highly matrixed organization including senior executives: includes and motivates others to succeed towards business goals. Interfaces mainly with internal staff up to General Manager (GM) level.5. Excellent interpersonal skills: successfully establishes rapport with a wide spectrum of personalities, maintains a professional image and credibility with openness and candor, asserts self when appropriate.6. Strong commercial acumen with a passion for helping payers, providers & policy makers solve their biggest problems7. Strong analytical and process skills: proven project management experience with a strong orientation to execution8. Excellent oral & written communications skills. Fluent in English.9. Willingness to travel regionally and globally as position requires.To be considered for this position, candidates must1. Apply online via the GE Career Opportunity System (internal) or www.gecareers.com (external)2. Successfully complete a pre-employment back check and a pre-employment drug screening3. Be willing to work in our regional office located in Istanbul, Dubai, Riyadh or BangaloreAdditional Eligibility Qualifications: Desired Characteristics: 1. PhD or master's degree in health economics, health services research, economics or business 2. At least 7 years industry experience in a health technology company, consulting firm, etc. 3. At least six 6 years of industry of experience in a market access-related position 4. Experience relevant to medical diagnostics or devices 5. External Focus - deep process knowledge of payers, providers & policy makers in selected countries. Strong ability to build successful relationships with these stakeholders as well as KOLs & other influencers.Job Segments:
Advertisement
|
|
|
|
|
All rights reserved - AlJazeeraJobs ® is a registered trade mark and unauthorised usage is strictly prohibited.
|
, , , , ,