Hiring for India's Largest Medical Recruitment Team from Roland & Associates, have opening for Specialist Cardiologist Doctors to work in Abudhabi. Interested Cardiologist who have 3 years of experience Post DM/DNB can send CV to anoop.g@medicalnaukri.com
in Other for Exp. 3-6 yrs.
to view recommended jobs for you
Recruiters from USA, call
Toll Free # 866-557-3340
Resume Writing
Profile Enhancement
Recruiter Reach
Jobs4U
Other
Management & Business
Information Technology
Animation, Multimedia
Javascript is disabled in your browser. Due to this certain functionalities will not work. , to know how to enable it.
Cardiologist Jobs in Abudhabi
by Reputed HealthCare Group in UAE
in Other
Experience:
3 to 6 yrs.
Posted on: 30 Apr 2014
Apply And Register
Apply Without Registration
Job Description
India's Largest Medical Recruitment Team from Roland & Associates, have opening for Specialist Cardiologist Doctors to work in Abudhabi. Interested Cardiologist who have 3 years of experience Post DM/DNB can send CV to anoop.g@medicalnaukri.com
Keyskills:
Posted By
Global HealthCare Recruiter
Bengaluru / Bangalore
422 Followers
HealthCare Recruiter
Skills/Roles i hire for
Doctors, Nurses, Health Care Professionals
Send Message
Yes
* Click yes if you want to complete your profile now.
Message to
Subject
Characters Left : 200
Message to Recruiter
""
Characters Left : 500
1 credit will be deducted with every
message sent to the Recruiter.
The resume, if uploaded on your Naukri account, will be sent along with the above message.
View all
RecruiterConnection
You need to buy credits to send message to recruiters.
Send a personalized message to recruiters and stand out as a serious and relevant jobseeker.
Buy credits to send messages. You get a credit back if your message is not viewed in 15 days
0
Already in Cart
Job seekers typically struggle to get in touch with enough recruiters beyond their personal network. Moreover, many jobs are never advertised on job portals. RecruiterConnection can help you gain access to many such recruiters and jobs.
How it works?
Step 1
Find and View recruiter profiles hiring in your domain
Step 2
Use your credits to send a personalised message to recruiters
Step 3
Check for recruiter's responses
Points to Note:
Messages can be sent only to recruiters who have opted in to receive them
Once you have sent a message, you cannot send a message again to the same recruiter for 30 days
You can contact a maximum of 30 recruiters in a month
Credits once purchased will not be refunded and are valid for one year from the date of purchase
One-time reuse of credits if recruiter does not view your request
Disclaimer -
While Naukri FastForward services have helped many customers over the years, we do not guarantee any interview calls or assure any job offers with any of our services.
The logo
is a Trade Mark of Info Edge (India) Limited and services associated with it are only provided through the website . You are advised to be cautious of calls/emails asking for payment from other web sites that claim to offer similar services under the name of . We have no associates/agents other than the partner sites that have been specifically named on the homepage of the website . We also recommend that you visit
and
Quick-Apply
Yes
* This limit does not apply to Jobs on
Job Seeker
FastForward
Top Cities
Top Categories
Employers
Information
Follow us:
|
Partner Sites
Real Estate in India
Indian Matrimony Site
Jobs in Middle East
Jobs for Freshers
Professional Networking
Real Estate in India
Education & Career
Compare Insurance
Study Material
Food Guide
We Bargain You Gain.
All rights reserved © 2014 Info Edge India Ltd.