alJazeera Jobs - Procurement Manager - Corporate Property - UAE
Jobs in Qatar, Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, Oman, Bahrain, Dubai, Abu Dhabi by alJazeera Jobs
Select Language
English
Francais
Deutsch
عربي
Español
Português
Русский
Nederlands
Türkçe
اردو
Contact alJazeera Jobs Bahrain: (+973) 16199-113
Serving Arabian Gulf Job Seekers since 2007, alJazeera Jobs
is the established, trusted and leading provider of Jobs in
, , , ,
and .
Subscribe to our custom developed Candidate
Management Service to proactively place your details in Arabic
and English into the HR systems of the leading employers in
the Gulf. Jump to the head of the queue and get hired, sign-up
.
JOB SEARCH
I'm looking for...
In location
Select Country
Saudi Arabia
UAE
Kuwait
Qatar
Bahrain
Oman
other
ACCOUNT MANAGEMENT:
|
Procurement Manager - Corporate Property - UAE
30 Apr 2014 02:39 AM - UAE
Procurement Manager - Corporate Property - UAEApply now Job no: 765819Location: Dubai Dubai Head Office Property The Property Division manages all aspects of Alshaya's 2,500 store retail property portfolio for our 70+ brands across 19 countries. The property division is split into 3 areas, Real Estate, Project Management and Facilities Management (FM). The Division holds regular reviews on store performance and drives real estate portfolio maximizations to ensure it meets the company's and brands' expectations in regard to quality and profitability. With 450 new stores opened in 2012, and with 425 new stores and 400 refurbishments planned for 2013, the work is fast-paced and dynamic. The team structure is split by region, ensuring your exposure across a number of international blue chip brands. The Role:As a Procurement Manager you will work with the Group Procurement Manager to achieve the objectives within the Property division specifically focusing on saving costs in acquiring goods and services, building up a dependable supply chain and ensuring policy compliance. Responsibilities will include:- Analysing property spend and forecasting procurement needs- Identifying cost effective and dependable suppliers locally and/or internationally with a focus on cost, quality, time and reliability.- Managing and providing guidance on new supplier implementation process across multiple operating markets.- Help the property project management and finance team in dealing with supply and supplier related issues.Qualifications and Experience:- 3-5 years' experience in strategic procurement program within similar large organisation- Experience working with retail property suppliers in Kuwait, UAE and/or KSA- Knowledge of working in a new procurement set up, drafting and conducting tenders/ RFQ's, assessing new supplier (more...)
ASY
Advertisement
|
|
|
|
|
All rights reserved - AlJazeeraJobs ® is a registered trade mark and unauthorised usage is strictly prohibited.
|
, , , , ,