Restaurant Manager jobs in Hozpitality Consulting in UAE - United Arab Emirates - Naukrigulf.com
Job Seekers Login:
|
Restaurant Manager
at Hozpitality Consulting in
-
Posted: Apr 28, 2014 Exp:
2 - 4
yrs.
| Opening(s): 1
Education: Basic - Bachelor of Hotel Management(Hotel Management)
Gender: Not Mentioned
Industry Type:
/
/
/
Functional Area:
/
/
/
Your Message could not be sent.
Your message has been sent
Job Description
Share
Recommends annual capital and operating expense budget to the Food and Beverage Manager. Responsible for adhering to the approved budgets.
Supervises, coordinates and participates in the activities of all service personnel at the Outlet.
Constantly checks that quality and quantity of food and beverage served to guests are in accordance with the standard recipes of the Hotel.
Ensures that grooming and general appearance of service personnel conform to Hotel policies and befit the image of the Outlet and Hotel.
Conducts daily meetings and briefings to explain menu items, discusses the various aspects of service and its preparation, reviews complaints and other comments received.
Attends to customer comments and requests regarding food, beverage and service. Records all complaints and other significant happenings in the Supervisor’s Log book. Discusses such matters with the Director of Food and Beverage/ Food & Beverage Manager or his/her assistant for appropriate follow-up action.
Initiates requisitions to ensure adequate supplies of materials, condiments and other supplies, for the approval of the Director of Food and Beverage or his/her assistant.
Prepares maintenance orders, spoilage and breakage reports, and other interoffice memoranda as per Hotel policies, for the information and approval of the Director of Food and Beverage Manager or his/her assistant.
Watches closely the business forecast and keeps employees at the required optimal level, to minimize payroll costs.
Reviews with the Director of Food and Beverage or his/her assistant at the end of every month the general performance, the food and beverage cost, as well as labor cost of the Outlet.
Coordinates with other Outlet Managers on service requirements.
Conducts preliminary selection interviews of candidates for position in the section, taking into accounts the standards of personnel quality required by the Hotel.
Conducts orientation and training for new hires of the Outlet.
Initiates commendation or misconduct notices.
Appraises performance of subordinates every six months and recommends appropriate action based on the results of the appraisal rating.
Identifies training needs of personnel in his/her section and takes the necessary action.
Performs duties common to all managers and other duties assigned by the Director of Food and Beverage and the General Manager
Keyword:
|
Company Profile
Hozpitality Consulting
Contact Details
Website
Disclaimer: Naukrigulf.com is only a platform to bring jobseekers & employers together. Applicants are advised to research the bonafides of the prospective employer independently. We do NOT endorse any requests for money payments and strictly advice against sharing personal or bank related information.We also recommend you visit
for more information. If you suspect any fraud or malpractice, email us at
To*
From*
Subject*
Email:
Password:
Upload a latest profile photo
A CV with photo has 40% higher chances of getting noticed by employers
Upload Profile Photo
This is how your profile photo will look like.To make adjustments, you can drag around and resize the yellow dashed-square on the right panel.
When you are satisfied with your photo click the "Save Photo" button.
Browse Jobs by
Jobs By Location
Jobs By Category
Job Seekers
Recruiters
Partner Sites
Company
Information
All rights reserved © 2001-
2014 Info Edge (India) Ltd.