alJazeera Jobs - Assistant Store Manager
Jobs in Qatar, Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, Oman, Bahrain, Dubai, Abu Dhabi by alJazeera Jobs
Select Language
English
Francais
Deutsch
عربي
Español
Português
Русский
Nederlands
Türkçe
اردو
Contact alJazeera Jobs Bahrain: (+973) 16199-113
Serving Arabian Gulf Job Seekers since 2007, alJazeera Jobs
is the established, trusted and leading provider of Jobs in
, , , ,
and .
Subscribe to our custom developed Candidate
Management Service to proactively place your details in Arabic
and English into the HR systems of the leading employers in
the Gulf. Jump to the head of the queue and get hired, sign-up
.
JOB SEARCH
I'm looking for...
In location
Select Country
Saudi Arabia
UAE
Kuwait
Qatar
Bahrain
Oman
other
ACCOUNT MANAGEMENT:
|
Assistant Store Manager
29 Apr 2014 05:04 PM - UAE
. Position SummaryResponsible for providing superior customer service and driving sales and margin in alignment with the financial plan of the retail store. Primary responsibilities include controlling and monitoring overall store expenses, and ensuring that all corporate financial and merchandising standards are maintained and enforced. The ASM also oversees a variety of store specific programs (e.g., Installed Sales, Delivery, Product Services). Additional responsibilities include overseeing the overall safety, security, supervision, training, mentoring, and scheduling of all assigned personnel, as well as any other duties as assigned.Job RequirementsAbility to work a flexible schedule, including days, evenings, nights, weekends and holidays as needed. Previous management and people leadership experience in retail, (including: drug store, grocery, hard lines, or general merchandise). Functional knowledge of retail merchandising, operations and management practices and procedures. Experience selecting, assessing, coaching, counseling and developing associates in a retail environment. A strong customer service orientation and focus. Effective organizational, communication (written and oral) and problem solving skills. Comfort operating in a fast-paced and ever-changing big box retail environment. Ability to work in both inside and outside environmental conditions. Physical ability to move large, bulky and/or heavy merchandise. Physical ability to perform tasks that may require prolonged standing, sitting, and other activities necessary to perform job duties.Lowe''s is an equal opportunity affirmative action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without r (more...)
JBS
Advertisement
|
|
|
|
|
All rights reserved - AlJazeeraJobs ® is a registered trade mark and unauthorised usage is strictly prohibited.
|
, , , , ,