alJazeera Jobs - Lead Estimator - French Speaking, Abu Dhabi
Jobs in Qatar, Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, Oman, Bahrain, Dubai, Abu Dhabi by alJazeera Jobs
Select Language
English
Francais
Deutsch
عربي
Español
Português
Русский
Nederlands
Türkçe
اردو
Contact alJazeera Jobs Bahrain: (+973) 16199-113
Serving Arabian Gulf Job Seekers since 2007, alJazeera Jobs
is the established, trusted and leading provider of Jobs in
, , , ,
and .
Subscribe to our custom developed Candidate
Management Service to proactively place your details in Arabic
and English into the HR systems of the leading employers in
the Gulf. Jump to the head of the queue and get hired, sign-up
.
JOB SEARCH
I'm looking for...
In location
Select Country
Saudi Arabia
UAE
Kuwait
Qatar
Bahrain
Oman
other
ACCOUNT MANAGEMENT:
|
Lead Estimator - French Speaking, Abu Dhabi
14 Apr 2014 01:24 AM - UAE
. Senior Estimator - Abu Dhabi - FRENCH SPEAKER
Our client are a leading international contractor operating across the Middle East region currently executing several live megaprojects and with an impressive pipeline. They are renowned in the region and have had a hand in some of the most impressive construction projects in the Middle East and beyond. They presently have need for a highly experienced French speaking Senior Estimator to be based in Abu Dhabi, UAE to take responsibility for tendering, bid submissions and contract management in French speaking countries. Your duties will include managing contracts, preparing pre-tender documentation such as BOQ, special and technical conditions of contract, negotiating, compiling cost estimates, and submitting design and build bids for large multi-disciplined construction projects. The successful applicant will have a minimum of 15 years experience in the industry, and must be degree qualified (Civil/Elec/Mech). It is essential that you are entirely technically confident and have substantial experience in estimating roles. Only candidates that can read, write and speak French fluently can be considered. Prerequisites for the position include: * Experience with reputed contracting companies * Minimum of 15 years experience in the construction industry * Degree qualification essential * Fluent French * Proficient in Primavera/MS Project/MS Office Suite Our client is keen to interview immediately. This is an excellent opportunity to get involved with a highly respected and internationally renowned company. The total package for the role on offer to the right candidate is negotiable dependent on experience. If you are eligible for the role and match all the above criteria please contact Elliot House;
Please note that due to a high volume of applications, only successful applicants will be contac (more...)
CS
Advertisement
|
|
|
|
|
All rights reserved - AlJazeeraJobs ® is a registered trade mark and unauthorised usage is strictly prohibited.
|
, , , , ,