Service Supervisor II - Cementing job in UAE | Job ID: 947557 | oil and gas Job Search
Service Supervisor II - Cementing job in UAE
Rate
Type
Permanent
Location
UAE
Region
Town
Basra
Required Residency
Posted By
Date Posted
29 Apr 2014
Expiry Date
29 May 2014
Job Reference
NB00257885_EXT_000
Job Description
Why Halliburton? How about global opportunities, interesting work within small cohesive teams, extensive training, and the opportunity to take your career wherever you want it to GO, with all the support and stability of a truly global organization. With more than 72,000 employees in approximately 80 countries, Halliburton is one of the largest and most respected energy services companies in the industry. Since 1919, our customers have relied on our industry-leading technologies, scientific expertise and, most importantly, our knowledgeable and experienced professionals to help them meet the world's demand for energy. Whether you are a new graduate seeking your first job, or an experienced professional looking to make a career change, we have fantastic opportunities across our organization. Are you ready to GO? We bring out the best in wells - and people. Key responsibilities of this job include coordinating cementing service line work at the well site, and providing quality customer service. As a Cementing Service Supervisor II, you will ensure customer satisfaction with work performed, and provide the planning necessary for the job including instruction to the crew and equipment used. You will also coordinate and direct the activities of service operators, and coordinate the clean up, repair and preparation of equipment for the next job. Requirements include a high school education or similar and 2 years as Cementing Service Supervisor I. A license to drive a commercial vehicle may be required.Halliburton is proud to be an equal opportunity employer.
Find Related oil and gas Jobs
Latest Halliburton Jobs
Related Job Searches
© 2014 Copyright Oil and Gas Job Search.com Limited :: Part of The Jobsearch Group
Follow us
--Web2--