Reservoir Engineering Technical Adviser job in UAE | Job ID: 947536 | oil and gas Job Search
Reservoir Engineering Technical Adviser job in UAE
Rate
Negotiable
Type
Permanent
Location
UAE
Region
Dubai
Town
Dubai
Required Residency
Posted By
Date Posted
29 Apr 2014
Expiry Date
9 May 2014
Job Reference
BG
Job Description
I am working on behalf of a leading oil and gas company who have 8500 staff worldwide in over 160 countries, we are looking for someone to join the Dubai team as a Technical Adviser who has a good knowledge and proven background in Reservoir Engineering
and wants to take that next step into a more or a comerscil position and support a wide range of clients the
EMEA area.
successful candidate will be accountable for the following key responsibilities
Work closely with our team of Account Managers, responsible for supporting pre-sales activities and evaluations for client engineers.
Conduct 1-on-1 and web-based pre-sales sessions and technical demonstrations for clients.
Provide phone software support to clients.
Facilitate client feedback sessions in order to enhance future software development.
Spend approximately 20-30% of your time traveling within EMEA to work with clients. Some overseas travel is possible.
We are seeking a creative individual who can think outside the box. We seek the following attributes and experience
Bachelor’s degree in Petroleum, Chemical Engineering or Petroleum Engineering Technology.
Minimum 2–4 years’ experience of Oil & Gas experience, preferably in reservoir engineering, upstream reservoir, and production engineering.
Strong relationship building skills.
Experience with a wide range of software would be an asset.
Strong communication skills – presentation, verbal, listening and written.
Strong organizational skills with a high degree of self-motivation.
Enthusiastic, energetic, strong team player capable of working in and contributing effectively to a team environment.
In exchange for your skills and expertise you will get a very competitive salary and a benefits package that includes a housing allowance.
If this sounds like you dream job then please apply today.
Find Related oil and gas Jobs
Latest Provide Oil and Gas Jobs
Related Job Searches
© 2014 Copyright Oil and Gas Job Search.com Limited :: Part of The Jobsearch Group
Follow us
--Web2--