alJazeera Jobs - Marketing and Campaigns Manager
Jobs in Qatar, Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, Oman, Bahrain, Dubai, Abu Dhabi by alJazeera Jobs
Select Language
English
Francais
Deutsch
عربي
Español
Português
Русский
Nederlands
Türkçe
اردو
Contact alJazeera Jobs Bahrain: (+973) 16199-113
Serving Arabian Gulf Job Seekers since 2007, alJazeera Jobs
is the established, trusted and leading provider of Jobs in
, , , ,
and .
Subscribe to our custom developed Candidate
Management Service to proactively place your details in Arabic
and English into the HR systems of the leading employers in
the Gulf. Jump to the head of the queue and get hired, sign-up
.
JOB SEARCH
I'm looking for...
In location
Select Country
Saudi Arabia
UAE
Kuwait
Qatar
Bahrain
Oman
other
ACCOUNT MANAGEMENT:
|
Marketing and Campaigns Manager
29 Apr 2014 06:09 PM - UAE
. Location: Cambridge Part of Cambridge Assessment, OCR (Oxford, Cambridge and RSA Examinations) is a leading UK awarding body, providing a wide range of qualifications to meet the needs of learners of all ages and abilities. More than 10,000 schools and colleges across the UK actively deliver our qualifications. Now expanding our team here in Cambridge, we are seeking ambitious professionals to develop creative marketing strategies that drive growth across our B2B and B2C markets. It’s important to note that marketing is not considered a support function at OCR. It is seen as a key part of revenue creation. So there is the opportunity to make a significant impact on our business as you put in place an annual marketing plan, contribute to new product development, oversee launch campaigns, seek out new communications opportunities and act as guardian of our brand. With a relevant degree and ideally CIM qualification, you should bring sound marketing experience gained in a £20m+ turnover business. Through that, you will have built a broad-ranging skillset that includes strategy development, product launches, marketing planning, channel marketing, retail marketing and P&L management. A strong communicator you must also have a keen interest in using emerging technology to drive new marketing techniques. The closing date for applications is 11 May 2014 and interviews will be held on w/c 20 May 2014. To find out more about this exciting new opportunity, please view the job description or alternatively apply online now and upload your cov (more...)
SMJ
Advertisement
|
|
|
|
|
All rights reserved - AlJazeeraJobs ® is a registered trade mark and unauthorised usage is strictly prohibited.
|
, , , , ,