alJazeera Jobs - Senior Marketing Analyst
Jobs in Qatar, Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, Oman, Bahrain, Dubai, Abu Dhabi by alJazeera Jobs
Select Language
English
Francais
Deutsch
عربي
Español
Português
Русский
Nederlands
Türkçe
اردو
Contact alJazeera Jobs Bahrain: (+973) 16199-113
Serving Arabian Gulf Job Seekers since 2007, alJazeera Jobs
is the established, trusted and leading provider of Jobs in
, , , ,
and .
Subscribe to our custom developed Candidate
Management Service to proactively place your details in Arabic
and English into the HR systems of the leading employers in
the Gulf. Jump to the head of the queue and get hired, sign-up
.
JOB SEARCH
I'm looking for...
In location
Select Country
Saudi Arabia
UAE
Kuwait
Qatar
Bahrain
Oman
other
ACCOUNT MANAGEMENT:
|
Senior Marketing Analyst
29 Apr 2014 06:09 PM - UAE
. Virgin Media brings broadband, TV, mobile and home phone services into millions of homes across the UK. We’re only as good as our last great product or service – and our Product and Commercial teams never stop working on developing the next big thing – as well as helping us making the most of our current offering.You’ll generate and communicate valuable insights on marketing activity. Through your work you’ll make sure that our direct communications are more relevant and better value. You’ll also use data analysis, including predictive modelling and segmentations, to improve our contact strategy and targeting. Your main focus will be on mobile and retention efforts – and you’ll maintain and develop a suite of response models as well as handling any other useful analysis projects as and when required.To help inform the vision of the team you’ll need expert data manipulation skills and able to dissect and distil complex data. Experienced in campaign measurement, you’ll have a good understanding of relational databases and a thorough understanding of the application of statistics and statistical modelling technique. You’ll probably have a degree in something involving numbers – ideally statistics, operational research or management science. As well as talent for communicating complex ideas clearly, you’ll be able to show us a track record in customer data analysis for large organisations.Great people doing great work deserve great benefits. That’s why we give our people the recognition and rewards they deserve for the hard work they do. So join us and you’ll enjoy a variety of benefits, including a generous holiday allowance,
(more...)
SMJ
Advertisement
|
|
|
|
|
All rights reserved - AlJazeeraJobs ® is a registered trade mark and unauthorised usage is strictly prohibited.
|
, , , , ,