Licensed Aircraft Engineer EASA or UAE GCAA Licence Type Ratings
with dnata | 1401390547
Jobseekers
|
Recruiters
Licensed Aircraft Engineer EASA or UAE GCAA Licence Type Ratings
Recruiter
dnata
Posted
29 April 2014
Closes
27 May 2014
Ref
1400035T
Location
Located in dynamic Dubai
Sector
, ,
Contract Type
Hours
Salary
Attractive Tax-free package
(this will open in a new window)
Further information
Job Purpose
Requirement for an EASA or UAE GCAA Licensed Engineer to ensure maintenance tasks and certification of aircraft during maintenance scheduled and unscheduled inputs are carried out to the highest possible standards of safety, quality and serviceability. To ensure appropriate application of certification privileges in accordance with the limitations of Company Authorisations. Desired qualifications include: A320 Series (V2500/CFM56), A330 (CF6/PW4000/RR T700), A340 (CF6/RR T500), B737 Classic & NG (CFM56), B777 (GE90/RR T800) and B787 (GEnx/RR T1000).
Business Objective
To carry out routine aircraft maintenance/servicing tasks compliant to manufacturers & local safety procedures. Ensure the zones/aircraft to which assigned are maintained IAW the documentation issued by approved authorities ensuring compliance is maintained to the latest revisions. This is applicable to all Technical Publications e.g. Aircraft documentation, Technical Notices, Quality Notices, Engineering Procedures Manual etc. Staff must ensure their personal approval/licensing requirements are valid and applicable to aircraft types worked through close liaison with Quality Assurance/GCAA. Audit process and procedures to ensure the highest level of maintenance is achieved with the resources available. Ensure prompt attendance to all allocated aircraft arrival/departures with the intent to maximize the opportunities during ground time and avoid operational delays/disruptions.
Cost Control
Ensure all off-aircraft tasks i.e. spares handling, robberies, hold items...etc are handled strictly IAW Company procedures and all the relevant paperwork is actioned in a way that provides full transparency to all involved. Determine that any tooling/equipment used is serviceable and appropriate for the task and should be able to understand and use specialized tooling where required. Robbery procedures used as a method to reduce costs and ensure a right-first-time pocket of good practice is formulated to ensure costs are reduced by avoiding multiple attempts to rectify defects. Ensure trouble shooting follows laid down procedures and all tools used to ensure that fault rectification is carried out in the most expedient and cost effective manner.
Resources
Ensure resources and manpower available is supportive of the business needs allowing targets/milestones set to be adequately met. To carry out any component changes as is necessary as part of the troubleshooting process and as directed by immediate supervisor. This will include the ability to obtain and understand AMM, IPC, or other Manufacturer/vendor documentation required to carry out this task. Ensure that available resources are utilised fully to meet the business needs.
Safety
Ensure that all activities performed and personnel responsible for are closely monitored to ensure the best possible application of safety rules and regulations are applied ensuring full understanding and adherence to Company procedures. Staff must highlight deficiencies/ requirements (whether for aircraft or hangar use) through the effective use of reporting tools in support of the overall quality improvement process and actively participate in propagating and enhancing the Group safety culture. Participate and promote in creating a safety culture in an effort to minimize accidents and highlight deficiencies/failures that can lead to such accidents.  Ensure all work locations are kept clean and excellent housekeeping conditions are maintained. To avoid FOD, will be vigilant in ensuring work areas (including the ramp), vehicles, stands, lockers and toolboxes are all kept clean. Responsible of being fully conversant with airport safety regulations including, holding and maintaining an airport driving permit. Should be fully conversant with airport manoeuvring area requirements and be able to fully comply.
Communications
Establish effective up-down rapport with Manager, Senior Engineers and sub-ordinates to maintain a seamless flow of information to highlight/detect and address any scenarios/events that might be disruptive to the operation. Ensure all relevant reports pertaining to issues of service delays, incidents and accidents, are completed in detail identifying all elements leading up to events. This includes completion of the necessary documentation including all relevant information that will allow rectification of defects by concerned sections through short-term maintenance planning. Additional reviews of all other activities/actions must be performed to allow process improvements to be implemented as necessary.
HR Reviews
Responsible for conducting performance reviews for staff under their direct control through the fair and just application of the Performance Matters! tool. Deficiencies or inability to meet objectives/competencies must be highlighted during interim reviews and an agreed course of action implemented to improve/correct any issues identified. Each to be effective in guiding/coaching/counselling junior staff assigned to their team, including National and Expat Trainees, ensuring action and development plans are in place to address any areas of concern. Ensure all staff allocated to him/her and themselves efficiently clock on/ clock off Job cards in the process of performing their usual duties. Must be available to assume duties and responsibilities of shift manager/senior engineer shift whenever delegated by the section manager.
Training
Attend training modules as and when required by the Company to enhance skills and understanding that will benefit the business. Required to undergo applicable recurrent training to comply with CAR 145/ EASA 145  requirements. Ensure that any training courses attended are converted  into company authorisations as required within 3.5 months from completion of attended course.
To ensure continuing validity of company authorisation, maintain records to show compliance of 6 months within 24 months recency across the relevant aircraft types.
Qualifications & Experience
Experience
·Engineering 5+ Years
·Must have 5 years certifying experience as a license holder
·Must have served an apprenticeship with an airline/approved organization or have received equivalent formal training
·Demonstrated experience in leading a team
Qualifications
·Vocational or Diploma (12+2 or equivalent)
·ICAO Type II Aircraft Maintenance Engineers License or UAEA GCAA License, with 2 or more appropriate approvals as required per individual section or at least three     aircraft types
·Airport Driving permit desirable but not required
·A320 Series (V2500/CFM56)
·A330 (CF6/PW4000/RR T700)
·A340 (CF6/RR T500)
·B737 Classic & NG (CFM56)
·B777 (GE90/RR T800)
·B787 (GEnx/RR T1000)
Knowledge/skills
·Must be familiar with legislative matters relating to the safe and airworthy operation and maintenance of aircraft to international standards.
This role is a Safety Sensitive role
Details of Safety Sensitive role:
·Hazards Working at height
·Exposure to hazardous energy systems
·Work in confined spaces
·Contact with hazardous materials
·Heavy lifting
·Work in a noisy environment
Hours of work are shift pattern, sometimes 12 hour working day
About dnata
At dnata, our style of delighting customers is unique. That's why we attract the best people in the industry - people who can apply imagination to their work. We are growing quickly - and we are looking for people to join our global family of 20,000 employees. As the fourth largest combined air services provider, our services on the ground keep the world in the air. You'll find dnata in 38 countries offering customers our expertise in ground handling, cargo, travel, and flight catering.
We believe in the power of our people - and we're always on the look-out for potential stars to help us deliver the promises our customers make. Be a part of our success story
(this will open in a new window)
dnata
We are growing quickly – and we are looking for people to join our global family of 20,000 employees. As the fourth largest combined air services provider, our services on the ground keep the world in the air.
Share this job
Options
More jobs like this
Standard site |
© 2008 - 2014 Reed Business Information. Powered by Madgex .
Cookies on the Flightglobal Jobs website
Our website uses cookies, which are small text files that are widely used in order to make websites work more effectively. To continue using our website and consent to the use of cookies, click away from this box or click 'Close'.