alJazeera Jobs - Development Manager
Jobs in Qatar, Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, Oman, Bahrain, Dubai, Abu Dhabi by alJazeera Jobs
Select Language
English
Francais
Deutsch
عربي
Español
Português
Русский
Nederlands
Türkçe
اردو
Contact alJazeera Jobs Bahrain: (+973) 16199-113
Serving Arabian Gulf Job Seekers since 2007, alJazeera Jobs
is the established, trusted and leading provider of Jobs in
, , , ,
and .
Subscribe to our custom developed Candidate
Management Service to proactively place your details in Arabic
and English into the HR systems of the leading employers in
the Gulf. Jump to the head of the queue and get hired, sign-up
.
JOB SEARCH
I'm looking for...
In location
Select Country
Saudi Arabia
UAE
Kuwait
Qatar
Bahrain
Oman
other
ACCOUNT MANAGEMENT:
|
Development Manager
29 Apr 2014 02:19 PM - UAE
Omar v1.2 Our client is a Abu Dhabi government owned Enterprise. Responsible for the origination, evaluation, negotiation, closing and potential monetization of new City investments and to lead complete transactions from start to finish. Influence the development process to ensure that design and delivery teams are aligned, schedules are met, quality is upheld sustainability KpS are met, costs are as forecast and IRR delivered/enhanced. Location: Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates Management of developments/real estate transactions up to a value of $2-200m. At any point of time, this incumbent will be leading/managing development projects ranging from 1-3 units. Residential projects ranging anywhere from 2-800 units and commercial / office 20,000-50,000 sq units of space. Required skills/ experience: -Candidate must have a recent experience working in the middle-east. - 8-10 years' experience of relevant real estate development and/or mixed-use with industry knowledge. -Bachelor's degree in real estate or property or degree in finance, economics, science, engineering. -Master degree and/or MBA from a premier B-school is a must for the roleÂ
EOB
Advertisement
|
|
|
|
|
All rights reserved - AlJazeeraJobs ® is a registered trade mark and unauthorised usage is strictly prohibited.
|
, , , , ,