Laboratory Technician Job in Dubai - Education Services Overseas Limited (ESOL) - Bayt.com
OK
Cancel
Loading...
Loading...
Jobs
Jobs
Salaries
People Companies Specialties
- All -
- All -Algeria (12)Bahrain (117)Dubai (1556)Egypt (497)Iraq (81)Jordan (385)Kuwait (740)Lebanon (249)Libya (16)Morocco (12)Oman (96)Pakistan (33)Qatar (1055)Saudi Arabia (2769)Sri Lanka (62)Tunisia (6)UAE (3583)Yemen (3)
Loading...
Menu - []
›
› Job Description
Laboratory Technician
- ,
Date Posted: 2014/04/29 11:42:14
Ref. JB3045446
Job Description
Reports to the secondary school Principal and Subject Area Coordinator for Science.
The duties and responsibilities include but are not restricted to:-
•	The preparation of materials and apparatus for laboratory science classes as determined by the needs of the teaching staff for Science at UAS.
•	The ordering, receipt, unpacking and safe, secure storage of chemicals, combustibles and equipment needed for Science education at UAS.
•	The labeling of hazardous materials and the safe storage, use and disposal of such materials in accordance with international and local safety standards.
•	The checking of all potentially dangerous equipment, furnishings and fittings to ensure that all laboratory classes take place in a safe environment.
•	The preparation and maintenance of an inventory of all equipment and supplies which includes ensuring that time sensitive materials are disposed of appropriately before the shelf-life has elapsed.
•	The reporting of any unsafe situation or practice that a student /teacher may have placed themselves in to avoid any repetition of unsafe laboratory practice.
•	The display of laboratory safety regulations in all laboratories.
•	The development of functional and regularly inspected safety and emergency appliances in all laboratories.
•	The organization and cleanliness of lab rooms and store rooms.
•	The care and feeding of plants and animals used in the laboratories.
Skills
-
Job Details
Job Location:
Dubai, United Arab Emirates
Company Industry:
Education, Training, and Library
Company Type:
Employer (Private Sector)
Job Role:
Other
Joining Date:
Unspecified
Employment Status:
Unspecified
Employment Type:
Unspecified
Monthly Salary Range:
Unspecified
Manages Others:
Unspecified
Number of Vacancies:
1
Preferred Candidate
Career Level:
Mid Career
Years of Experience:
Unspecified
Residence Location:
Unspecified
Gender:
Unspecified
Nationality:
Unspecified
Degree:
Unspecified
About This Company
ESOL overview: ESOL is a leader in the field of international primary and secondary education, currently responsible for the management of nine schools in the Middle East and Mediterranean regions.
The organization has experienced considerable growth in recent years and continues to enhance the scope and quality of its school management services and operations.
Date Posted: 2014/04/29 11:42:14
Ref. JB3045446
Similar Jobs
Confidential Company - ,
Recommended Courses
Invite Your
Friends to Bayt.com
Find Jobs
About Bayt.com
Bayt.com is the leading job site in the Gulf and Middle East, connecting job seekers with employers looking to hire.
Every day, thousands of new job vacancies are listed on the award-winning platform from the region's top employers.
Company
Quick Links
Follow
© 2000-2014 Bayt.com, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
-
Reproduction of material from any Bayt.com pages without written permission is strictly prohibited.