GulfTalent.com
Regional Manager
Commercial Bank International (CBI)
Abu Dhabi, UAE
Posted on: 29 Apr 2014
THE ROLE
Expand all
Regional Manager - Abu Dhabi & Al Ain
Manage the branches in term of income generated / operating profit and resources assigned , the role holder receive and input on business strategies / plans and are expected to lead and deliver targeted results through branch managers. The focus is on business development in specific segments, ensuring delivery of service according to prescribed and complying with the policies and procedures. Ensuring strict compliance to SOPs and KYC/AML guidelines.
REQUIREMENTS
a)	Execute strategies and plans to develop, leverage and build key relationships in order to maximize market share within the region.
b)	To lead, develop and motivate the BM’s within the region by reinforcing the performance management culture.
c)	Implement a pro-active culture within the branches focused on customer needs, behavior and spending patterns.
d)	Constantly monitor implementation of the strategies and new policies and procedures to achieve the desired goals at his /her district.
e)	Assign specific targets to BMs and supervise further allocation to ensure individual productivity is maximized and matches with business potential.
f)	Interact with Head of Branches to acquire, analyze and provide information about the region market dynamics and to develop special competitive packages and service standards.
g)	Ensure superior service delivery to all customers across branches by regularly monitoring the service key performance indicators.
h)	To minimize risk in branch Operations and achieve acceptable audit ratings across all branches by initiating a regular internal audit checks.
i)	Identify critical staff within the district for retention and recommend a reward and recognition program to the Head Of Branches for the high performers.
j)	Handles and resolves credit and marketing issues within RBG and other departments to ensure smooth operational branch environment.
k)	Analyze district customer complaints reports and service issues and resolve by conducting root cause analysis within the district or cross functional departments.
l)	To guide and coach his team to prepare accurate credit proposals for personal loans and credit cards and reduce rejection rates.
m)	Setting up SLAs and inter departmental dependencies.
n)	To ensure that the target distributed among staffs are based on market segment potential and the goals for the district.
o)	Regional Manager will be empowered to make decision on customer related financial and non financial issues.
p)	Perform any other duties or responsibilities that are consistent with the role as assigned by management.
ABOUT THE COMPANY
Commercial Bank International (CBI) was established in 1991 that aimed to provide a full range of banking and other financial services to its target clientele such as individuals, middle market businesses and large local and foreign-based companies around the United Arab Emirates.
After a little over than a decade of existence, CBI was able to carved a reputable position among other leading banks and manage to stand the competitive nature of the banking industry in the Emirates.
Committed to serve and provide the best services to its existing customer base, CBI is also focusing to attract more customers through a highly structured marketing plan and innovative banking products.
In accomplishing these task, CBI's recruitment policy focuses on qualified candidates having enough banking experience to handle the progress wheel as well as attracting young UAE national graduates which will be provided with training and skills development programs that will equip them to assume higher and bigger responsibilities in the future.
Now, with CBI's 8 branch networks strategically positioned all over the Emirates that provides a host of deposits, savings, corporate lending, retail, card products and trade finance facilities, CBI is moving forward to surpass its achievements in the past.
Send
Candidates who applied for this job also applied for:
|
|