Social Media Brand Manager Job in Dubai - Wunderman - Bayt.com
OK
Cancel
Loading...
Loading...
Jobs
Jobs
Salaries
People Companies Specialties
- All -
- All -Algeria (12)Bahrain (115)Dubai (1556)Egypt (495)Iraq (81)Jordan (390)Kuwait (740)Lebanon (249)Libya (16)Morocco (12)Oman (96)Pakistan (33)Qatar (1055)Saudi Arabia (2766)Sri Lanka (0)Tunisia (6)UAE (3582)Yemen (3)
Loading...
Menu - []
›
› Job Description
Social Media Brand Manager
- ,
Date Posted: 2014/04/29 11:09:04
Ref. JB3045432
Job Description
The Social Media Brand Manager is the key point person for social media for our accounts. His responsibility includes leading the overall brand social goals, establishing the social brand tonality and voice, writing and creating content, bettering brand sentiment, monitoring community engagement and developing ideas for innovative social campaigns and activations.
The social brand manager must forge a strong relationship with key areas of the client’s business in order to have visibility of any new campaigns, product developments, ideas and issues that arise and will be relevant for social media. He will then work closely with Account, Strategy and Creative Lead and the production team to develop solid, engaging and creative social strategies, effective social content, consumer engagement as well as social activations and campaigns for our clients.
Working in a tight knit, dynamic and “always on” team, this role is pivotal in leading our efforts to gain maximum social visibility, word of mouth and advocacy for the brands we work with. As the point person for social media for clients, internal departments and partner agencies, this role focuses on integrating social into a wider digital and ATL offering but also ensuring we deliver social campaigns and always on activity in the most effective and efficient way.
Skills
Major Responsibilities
 Day to day management of a broad range of social channels and clients together with the community managers and the client services team.
 Day to day delivery management for a range of projects including community management, content development, influencer engagement as well as social campaigns, activations and reporting.
 Constantly making decisions on the strategic, creative and tactical direction of the team’s activities based on assimilating all information and requirements from Analysts and Community Managers.
 Managing the social editorial process for the social properties, ensuring we are delivering a fully integrate approach to social marketing for our clients as well as providing social guidelines and SLAs.
 Ensuring all activity is constantly in line with our strategic approach to engagement, social property management and content development, whilst still evolving and developing the strategy in line with results.
 Delivering social strategy, competitive analysis, international & local social trends and insights to clients.
 Ongoing client education and development, mapping opportunities, advising on new social approaches and selling in new ideas regularly.
 Supporting and guiding the social community managers and overseeing their output.
 Be part of the creative briefing process to ensure social components and ideas are included in our campaigns.
Pushing the team and our clients to be more innovative in their approach to social media (and digital marketing), researching emergent social and cultural trends, consumer behaviour and technological innovation that will improve the offering
Qualifications:
 BA/BS degree required; advanced degree a plus
 Agency experience
 3+ years interactive experience at a minimum, developing strategies for social engagement and social campaigns as well as social property management/community management
 Experience with digital and social media as well as direct and ATL marketing, relationship marketing and CRM within an integrated marketing environment is preferred
 An active participant in the digital and social space with strong insight into the dynamics of online behaviour and in particular social trends
Knowledge/Skill Set
Technical: 30%
 A digital ‘native’ with knowledge of all existing and emerging digital and social channels
 Demonstrated experience in the use of community management, measurement and tracking tools within all social channels, and incorporating analyses and results of these tools into recommendations and optimizations as well as activity/conversation ‘roadmaps’.
 Ability to own a social strategy from start to finish, to test and optimise it and evolve it using insights and understanding about what works and what doesn’t
 Ability to lead, grow and manage senior client relationships for social media
Business: 30%
 Comprehensive understanding of social media, online strategy, marketing, social media concepts and branding
 Experience of ROI models, reporting and effectiveness case studies
 Excellent client facing skills
Managerial: 20%
 Good decision making skills
 Ability to play leading role while working collaboratively
 Experience managing multiple stakeholders across integrated campaigns
 Ability to support and guide the team of community managers
 Understanding of project controls and delivering within budgets
Interpersonal: 20%
 Excellent brainstorming and problem solving skills
 Good oral communication skills
 Excellent presentation skills
 Ability to present ideas clearly and concisely
This job is posted in the following Specialties:
Education
Bachelors in Business Administration, Marketing, or similar background
Job Details
Job Location:
Dubai, United Arab Emirates
Company Industry:
Advertising; Marketing
Company Type:
Employer (Private Sector)
Job Role:
Marketing/PR
Joining Date:
Unspecified
Employment Status:
Full time
Employment Type:
Employee
Monthly Salary Range:
$4,000 - $5,000
Manages Others:
Yes
Number of Vacancies:
1
Preferred Candidate
Career Level:
Mid Career
Years of Experience:
Max: 2
Residence Location:
Unspecified
Gender:
Unspecified
Nationality:
Unspecified
Degree:
Bachelor's degree / higher diploma
About This Company
Wunderman is the global leader in creating programs that build brands,
shape customer experiences and generate action to direct marketing.
Wunderman, the integrated channel marketing experts, offer a range
of speciality services, ranging from CRM and direct marketing to promotions
and events. With over 30 local and regional clients, Wunderman is the
fastest growing and most awarded direct marketing agency in the region.
With offices in six countries and over 130 employees.
Wunderman is part of MENACOM Group.
It is the largest Marketing and Media organization in the Middle East, managing reputable companies such as ‘Team Y&R;’ - ‘Mediaedge:CIA’ - ‘Wunderman’ - ‘Intermarkets’ - ‘Tattoo’ - ‘Asdaa’ - and ‘Polaris’. This service industry is highly creative and young which creates an invigorating work environment. With the growth of business in the Middle East, our aim is to attract, retain best talent and ensure competitive edge business advantage.
Over the last 20 years, MENACOM has built up its expertise and presence to be the largest Marketing Communication organization on the Middle East & North Africa.
MENACOM is made up of:
• Advertising agencies
• Public Relations agencies
• Direct Marketing specialists
• Media specialist
• Interactive specialists
Our offices are located in most major cities across the Middle East and North Africa serving over 260 clients with a growing professional team of over 1200.
Each MENACOM Company is a distinctive brand in their own right, with its own identity and own area of expertise. What they have in common is in harnessing intelligence, talent and experience to bring competitive advantage to their clients.
Date Posted: 2014/04/29 11:09:04
Ref. JB3045432
Similar Jobs
Confidential Company - ,
Recommended Courses
Invite Your
Friends to Bayt.com
Find Jobs
About Bayt.com
Bayt.com is the leading job site in the Gulf and Middle East, connecting job seekers with employers looking to hire.
Every day, thousands of new job vacancies are listed on the award-winning platform from the region's top employers.
Company
Quick Links
Follow
© 2000-2014 Bayt.com, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
-
Reproduction of material from any Bayt.com pages without written permission is strictly prohibited.