CAD Operator Job in Dubai - Mint Creative Production - Bayt.com
OK
Cancel
Loading...
Loading...
Jobs
Jobs
Salaries
People Companies Specialties
- All -
- All -Algeria (12)Bahrain (115)Dubai (1556)Egypt (495)Iraq (81)Jordan (390)Kuwait (740)Lebanon (249)Libya (16)Morocco (12)Oman (96)Pakistan (33)Qatar (1055)Saudi Arabia (2766)Sri Lanka (0)Tunisia (6)UAE (3582)Yemen (3)
Loading...
Menu - []
›
› Job Description
CAD Operator
- ,
Date Posted: 2014/04/29 10:38:40
Ref. JB3045424
Job Description
We are a creative Company. We design and fabricate structures in 3D and in 2D. Our clients are developers of theme Parks, Entertainment Centers, Hotels, Landscapers, Advertising and Events Companies, Malls, Film Production Studios, and others looking for exceptional creative structures.
Job Duties:
•	Produce specifications and shop drawings that have to be centered on written instructions, calculations and equations provided by engineers and designers.
•	Should use manual drafting expertise in drawing plans, which cannot be generated through the computer.
•	Must make sure that the plans meet prescribed architectural or manufacturing standards.
Skills
•	Proficiency in advanced AutoCAD, Microsoft Office, Windows and Microstation application.
•	Have the capability to decipher construction plans.
•	To have the ability to calculate amounts and figures in order to prepare Bill of Quantities.
•	Have the ability to visualize finished products as well as projects.
•	Have manual drawing skills along with computer drawing.
•	Should be familiar with Autodesk autoCAD, PTC Pro-engineer and PTC intralink.
•	Good knowledge of architectural terms.
Qualifications:
•	A
Bachelor’s degree or similar degree in drafting and CAD.
•	Preference is given to candidates who have gained certification from professional drafting.
•	Should have background in manual and CAD drafting.
•	Training in various CAD programs.
Job Details
Job Location:
Dubai, United Arab Emirates
Company Industry:
Arts/Entertainment/and Media
Company Type:
Employer (Private Sector)
Job Role:
Other
Joining Date:
Unspecified
Employment Status:
Full time
Employment Type:
Employee
Monthly Salary Range:
Unspecified
Manages Others:
Unspecified
Number of Vacancies:
1
Preferred Candidate
Career Level:
Mid Career
Years of Experience:
Min: 3 Max: 7
Residence Location:
Unspecified
Gender:
Unspecified
Nationality:
Unspecified
Degree:
Unspecified
Date Posted: 2014/04/29 10:38:40
Ref. JB3045424
Similar Jobs
Recommended Courses
Invite Your
Friends to Bayt.com
Find Jobs
About Bayt.com
Bayt.com is the leading job site in the Gulf and Middle East, connecting job seekers with employers looking to hire.
Every day, thousands of new job vacancies are listed on the award-winning platform from the region's top employers.
Company
Quick Links
Follow
© 2000-2014 Bayt.com, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
-
Reproduction of material from any Bayt.com pages without written permission is strictly prohibited.