Account Director / Sales Manager Job in Dubai - Asian Sourcing Link - Bayt.com
OK
Cancel
Loading...
Loading...
Jobs
Jobs
Salaries
People Companies Specialties
- All -
- All -Algeria (12)Bahrain (115)Dubai (1556)Egypt (495)Iraq (81)Jordan (390)Kuwait (740)Lebanon (249)Libya (16)Morocco (12)Oman (96)Pakistan (33)Qatar (1055)Saudi Arabia (2766)Sri Lanka (0)Tunisia (6)UAE (3582)Yemen (3)
Loading...
Menu - []
›
› Job Description
Account Director / Sales Manager
- ,
Date Posted: 2014/04/29 10:14:08
Ref. JB3045408
Job Description
Account Director / Sales Manager – ASL Ltd
Dubai
Competitive Salary (c$5,000-$10,000 depending on experience)
ASL Ltd (Asian Sourcing Link) are a world leading supply chain management company for promotional products with over 25 years experience.
We have offices in 14 countries around the world and manage the supply chain for many of the world’s leading brands ensuring that all products are produced to the highest quality and meets all safety/ethical standards. Our clients include Unilever, British American Tobacco, Coca-Cola and Gillette to name a few. Through our extensive experience in the industry, we are seen as the global experts in supply chain management.
We are looking for a driven and accomplished Account Director / Sales Manager to join our established Dubai office. It is a key role working with some of our largest and most established clients providing creative solutions for premiums and promotional merchandise.
You would have a good level of support to do your role well and the position reports directly to the Global Sales Director.
We are looking for somebody who;
- has experience of the premiums, promotional product, corporate gift or similar marketing sector
- has strong presentation skills and has good experience of using Microsoft packages (eg Word, Excel PowerPoint)
- is very organised and can manage simultaneous projects
- can spot sales opportunities and has excellent problem solving skills to deliver the best client experience
This is a very good opportunity to join a leading company that is continuing to expand. We pay competitive salaries and have a good support network in place. The company is continuing to grow and the right person will be able to flourish and further their career.
Hopefully this position is of interest, if you would like more information please apply by following the link.
Skills
The successful candidate will; -
- be a team player
- be very organised with good attention to detail
- be a self starter
- have excellent communication and presentation skills
- have a 'can do' attitude
- be able to manage multiple projects
- be able to spot profitable sales opportunities
- deliver excellent customer service and build strong client relationships
This job is posted in the following Specialties:
Job Details
Job Location:
Dubai, United Arab Emirates
Company Industry:
Marketing; Merchandising; Advertising
Company Type:
Employer (Private Sector)
Job Role:
Sales
Joining Date:
Unspecified
Employment Status:
Full time
Employment Type:
Employee
Monthly Salary Range:
Unspecified
Manages Others:
Unspecified
Number of Vacancies:
1
Preferred Candidate
Career Level:
Management
Years of Experience:
Min: 5
Residence Location:
Unspecified
Gender:
Unspecified
Nationality:
Unspecified
Degree:
Unspecified
About This Company
Asian Sourcing Link is the world’s leading supply chain management company for promotional products with over 25 years experience.
Our Head Office is based in Hong Kong and we have offices in 14 countries around the world.
We manage the supply chain for many of the world’s leading brands ensuring that all products are produced to the highest quality and meets all safety/ethical standards.
Some of our clients include Unilever, Coca Cola, British American Tobacco, Procter & Gamble, Gillette, Adidas and Bacardi to mention a few.
Through our extensive experience in the industry, we are seen as the global experts in supply chain management.
Date Posted: 2014/04/29 10:14:08
Ref. JB3045408
Recommended Courses
Invite Your
Friends to Bayt.com
Find Jobs
About Bayt.com
Bayt.com is the leading job site in the Gulf and Middle East, connecting job seekers with employers looking to hire.
Every day, thousands of new job vacancies are listed on the award-winning platform from the region's top employers.
Company
Quick Links
Follow
© 2000-2014 Bayt.com, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
-
Reproduction of material from any Bayt.com pages without written permission is strictly prohibited.