alJazeera Jobs - Operations Manager - Home Furnishings - UAE
Jobs in Qatar, Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, Oman, Bahrain, Dubai, Abu Dhabi by alJazeera Jobs
Select Language
English
Francais
Deutsch
عربي
Español
Português
Русский
Nederlands
Türkçe
اردو
Contact alJazeera Jobs Bahrain: (+973) 16199-113
Serving Arabian Gulf Job Seekers since 2007, alJazeera Jobs
is the established, trusted and leading provider of Jobs in
, , , ,
and .
Subscribe to our custom developed Candidate
Management Service to proactively place your details in Arabic
and English into the HR systems of the leading employers in
the Gulf. Jump to the head of the queue and get hired, sign-up
.
JOB SEARCH
I'm looking for...
In location
Select Country
Saudi Arabia
UAE
Kuwait
Qatar
Bahrain
Oman
other
ACCOUNT MANAGEMENT:
|
Operations Manager - Home Furnishings - UAE
29 Apr 2014 10:34 AM - UAE
.
Our Home Furnishings Division offer professional advice and solutions on design and interior decoration, for every room in the house. All our stores are among the most inspiring and trendy within our markets and are setting new high standards for customer service, personalised interior style and best value for money. Our portfolio of brands includes Pottery Barn, Pottery Barn Teen and Pottery Barn Kids as well as the modern West Elm and the iconic brand Williams-Sonoma. Our first home furnishing store opened in Kuwait in June 2010 and we now have 26 stores across 5 markets.As Operations Manager you will be responsible for achieving all targets set by the business plan as well as store and employee performance management. You will also actively contribute to business development including new store openings and identifying opportunities for staff and business development. In addition to the day-to-day responsibilities you will be expected to build external networks to understand market trends and competitor activity that, once fed back into central teams, allows us to maintain a competitive advantage.Qualifications & Requirements: - English language skills are essential- Arabic skills would be an advantage- At least 3 years' multi-site experience preferred- You must be computer literate.M.H. Alshaya Co. is a leading international franchise operator for over 70 of the world's most recognised retail brands including Starbucks, H&M;, Mothercare, Debenhams, American Eagle Outfitters, P.F. Chang's, The Ch (more...)
JS
Advertisement
|
|
|
|
|
All rights reserved - AlJazeeraJobs ® is a registered trade mark and unauthorised usage is strictly prohibited.
|
, , , , ,