GulfTalent.com
Orthopedic Surgeon
Parkhouse Bell
UAE
Posted on: 29 Apr 2014
THE ROLE
Expand all
• A very well established Private Healthcare Provider in the UAE
• Looking for Orthopedic Surgeon to join their excellent team of Doctors;
• Offering an excellent salary and additional benefits.
Key Outputs:
Provides orthopaedic care to assigned patients according to current best-evidence based standards, using best judgment at all times.
Participates equitably in the on-call roster.
Participates in the educational activities of the Medical Staff as a whole.
Participates in review and planning activities relevant to the development of the department and the hospital.
Participates in activities and opportunities to promote the department and the hospital to the general public and wider medical community of Dubai and the UAE.
Fulfills professional requirements for continuing maintenance of competence in all aspects of orthopaedics.
Carries out other assigned duties within the appropriate scope of knowledge, skills and abilities of the position.
REQUIREMENTS
Qualifications:
Basic Medical Degree recognised by the UAE Healthcare Authorities;
Completion of a recognised higher professional education program;
Experience:
Minimum of 3-5 years’ experience since gaining higher qualification.
Orthoscopic Knee joint experience is essential;
Demonstrated commitment to continuing medical education.
Appropriate experience and competence in all aspects of general orthopaedic surgery in both adult and paediatric patients.
Personal - Leadership skills appropriate for a highly functioning clinical team.
Ability to communicate effectively with patients, families, nurses, doctors and other hospital staff.
Ability to project a positive public image of self, department and hospital.
Basic salary plus additional benefits are offered
If you are interested in this position please apply now online.
ABOUT THE COMPANY
Parkhouse Bell Human Resources Consultancy that specialises in delivering HR services to education, manufacturing, retail, oil&gas, IT, and healthcare companies.
Founded in 2006, we now operate out of London, Dubai, and Brisbane delivering series internationally.
Our core services are:
HR Consultancy
Interim Management
Recruitment
Training
We have placed candidates at all levels from the front line to the board, and source staff on a permanent, contract and temporary basis.
All our consultants are specialists in the sector and we have a true understanding of the intricacies of doing business in a challenging economic and political environment. Integral to our way of working is our understanding of the importance of client and candidate confidentiality. Our ethos is one of providing a personal service and value for money.
Parkhouse Bell's success so far has been based on honesty, openness and a willingness to listen to our clients' needs.
Send
|
|