GulfTalent.com
Chief Financial Officer
Offshore Recruitment Services
UAE
Posted on: 29 Apr 2014
THE ROLE
Expand all
Some details of this role have been withheld or obscured due to the sensitive nature of this assignment. The requirements however are entirely accurate.
A major listed holding company in the GCC has grown rapidly through acquisition and organic growth, but has become operationally complex, highly costly with a need to redevelop processes, culture and synergies. The board are now seeking a CFO who can help define the group’s strategic direction and operating methodology over the next ten years and then go out and execute this at group level as well as within a the groups’ portfolio companies. It is envisaged that this might involve strong finance and business transformation in line with eg “lean” processes, some divestment, shared services and a realignment of operating companies. The individual will be expected to come in and take control of the business, manage the relationship with the stock market and shareholders, implement business planning and work with project teams to ensure the successful transformation of the group.
This group is a prominent and very sizeable organization and so we are seeking a CFO of the highest caliber with experience of companies with a similar mechanic; ie strong IP/design/Content capabilities, large scale manufacturing/production and broad and diverse distribution/supply chain.
Above all we want an individual with experience from an organization with a best in class process, effectiveness and efficiency culture. The individual must have operated at a highly strategic level, and will have the ability to embody and drive change and excellence within finance and the wider business as well as facing off to external parties such as banks, regulators, analysts and markets.
REQUIREMENTS
We are seeking to hear from Arabic speakers only who fit one of the two below profiles exactly. We assure you of confidentiality to and a greater level of details for those individuals selected for further discussion.
You will be either:
An individual who has operated for more than 2 years, likely 10+, at CFO level for a listed company. You will have worked in an industry with similar process mechanics to automotive, consumer electronics, media production, pharmaceutical or consumer goods. You will have a very strong turnaround, finance transformation background with a best in class pedigree in eg “lean” processes. You will also have had significnant involvement in stock exchange reporting and working with external third parties.
Or:
A partner in a top 4 accountancy practice with significant experience of audit work with top listed companies in the GCC. You will likely have also strong exposure to corporate restructuring advisory assignments and exposure to transaction services would be an advantage.
Education
CA, CPA, ACCA, ACMA, CMA, MBA, MSc
ABOUT THE COMPANY
Offshore Recruitment Services specialise in the recruitment of in all aspects of offshore vacancies for all levels of permanent, temporary and contract positions.
Whether a client is searching for a highly skilled candidate, looking to head hunt a specific individual, a team of contractors for a project or management of gifted personnel, we are ready and have a proven track record of meeting such requirements.
Offshore Recruitment Services was formed with the specific aim of providing a quality service to link key candidates to our clients. We find the right people for your business.
Send
Candidates who applied for this job also applied for:
|
|