GulfTalent.com
Key Account & Operational Manager
Offshore Recruitment Services
UAE
Posted on: 29 Apr 2014
THE ROLE
Expand all
Responsible for the development of the relocation product, pricing and scope of work to achieve sales to new or existing customers .
Main point of contact for key clients
Establish the fees for key accounts and ensure that the services portfolio is constantly up to date
Identify new revenue streams and service offerings to meet annual revenue targets
Focus on growing and developing existing clients, together with generating new business.
Develop efficient and effective process in line with SLA from customers
Develop weekly, monthly and quarterly metrics to monitor business performance
Recruit, interview, select, train and develop staff that have the right experience, skills and attributes.
Ensure proper financial controls are in place for all processes.
Ensure costs in jobs, statuses, invoicing – assure all are accurate and invoicing is done in a timely manner.
Travel to support other Move One ME offices, industry conferences, client visits (approx 35% of role)
Other duties as assigned.
Attend industry related conferences as requested
REQUIREMENTS
QUALIFICATIONS:
Bachelor’s or master’s degree.
Minimum of five years experience Relocation industry knowledge.
Demonstrated ability to work in a proactively diverse and inclusive organization.
Effective problem-solving and mediation skills.
Demonstrated ability to manage and supervise a staff team.
Fluent knowledge of English both oral and written
PREFERENCES
Experience in relocations, HR, or account management would be an advantage.
ABOUT THE COMPANY
Offshore Recruitment Services specialise in the recruitment of in all aspects of offshore vacancies for all levels of permanent, temporary and contract positions.
Whether a client is searching for a highly skilled candidate, looking to head hunt a specific individual, a team of contractors for a project or management of gifted personnel, we are ready and have a proven track record of meeting such requirements.
Offshore Recruitment Services was formed with the specific aim of providing a quality service to link key candidates to our clients. We find the right people for your business.
Send
Candidates who applied for this job also applied for:
|
|