GulfTalent.com
Commercial Training Manager
Offshore Recruitment Services
UAE
Posted on: 29 Apr 2014
THE ROLE
Expand all
A world renowned pharmaceutical multinational continues to grow the business in the Middle East and Africa. My client is seeking an experienced commercial training manager or commercial excellence manager with strong strategic training experience within the Middle East.
Skills
The successful candidate must come from a multinational pharmaceutical company or related healthcare market ideally with exposure to Middle East and Africa having designed training for the commercial teams with clear and measurable diagnostic tools.
You will work closely with the head of Human Resources while reporting directly into the director of sales and marketing effectiveness and develop training solutions and techniques for people at varying levels in sales and marketing. You must also have worked previously at management level influencing changes and success in sales and marketing teams.
REQUIREMENTS
•	A pharmaceutical degree or related to personnel development from a leading university
•	Fluent Arabic and English, both written and verbal. Fluent in French is an advantage.
•	Easily able to demonstrate working experience in an international multinational company environment across a variety of cultures.
•	Capability to write up and deliver complex sales and marketing training programmes.
•	At the forefront of innovative training techniques with sound diagnostic tools to measure success
•	Excellent communication skills combined with charismatic and engaging presentation skills
•	Track record in a leadership role
•	Time management and performance management skills
Education:
Pharmaceutical educated or a science related degree
ABOUT THE COMPANY
Offshore Recruitment Services specialise in the recruitment of in all aspects of offshore vacancies for all levels of permanent, temporary and contract positions.
Whether a client is searching for a highly skilled candidate, looking to head hunt a specific individual, a team of contractors for a project or management of gifted personnel, we are ready and have a proven track record of meeting such requirements.
Offshore Recruitment Services was formed with the specific aim of providing a quality service to link key candidates to our clients. We find the right people for your business.
Send
|
|