GulfTalent.com
SVP and Director
Offshore Recruitment Services
UAE
Posted on: 29 Apr 2014
THE ROLE
Expand all
Responsibilities
•	Developing their market and propose a vision and a personal business plan to achieve it.
•	Is responsible for developing, managing and retaining a portfolio of High Net Worth clients , providing ideas on all aspects of personal financial planning and wealth management, on international investment opportunities across major asset classes.
•	Is responsible for promoting and distributing the full range of the bank’s services, investment and financing products, and to satisfy customer’s requirements and achieve financial targets.
REQUIREMENTS
Qualifications & Requirements
The successful candidates would have to present themselves with strong local network, extensive product and services and advisory knowledge, along with a highly driven and strong sales/hunter mindset.
Candidates could come from a placement background with limited AUM but an extensive network in the UHNW space.
Connectivity and awareness of the targeted market sectors, paired with unquestionable expertise in Risk, Compliance and Team Management, are highly advantageous.
•	Also, they would have to have at least a minimum of USD 100-150 AUM and be able to produce a good RoA.
•	English fluent.
•	With at least 6+ years experience coverage of their segment and at least the last 4 years with the same company
•	Good knowledge of banking processes and presents strong record of consistent performance
•	Candidates currently in VP to Director grade are highly preferred.
ABOUT THE COMPANY
Offshore Recruitment Services specialise in the recruitment of in all aspects of offshore vacancies for all levels of permanent, temporary and contract positions.
Whether a client is searching for a highly skilled candidate, looking to head hunt a specific individual, a team of contractors for a project or management of gifted personnel, we are ready and have a proven track record of meeting such requirements.
Offshore Recruitment Services was formed with the specific aim of providing a quality service to link key candidates to our clients. We find the right people for your business.
Send
|
|