Senior Petrophysicist job in UAE | Job ID: 24359 | Mining Job Search
Senior Petrophysicist job in UAE
Rate
Negotiable
Type
Permanent
Location
UAE
Region
Abu Dhabi
Town
Required Residency
Posted By
Date Posted
29 Apr 2014
Expiry Date
6 May 2014
Job Reference
21755_51845leap2_SPE
Job Description
Senior Petrophysicist
My client is in need of a Senior Petrophysicist to join their team and work for them in Abu Dhabi. This is a great opportunity to work with one of the world’s largest Oil and Gas operators. You will be working onshore in a permanent position.
Key accountabilities of the Senior Petrophysicist are that candidates contribute to the definition of data gathering strategies and helps implement Corporate Quality Assurance programs for log data acquisition. Advises on corporate Log Data Base issues and IT-strategies for Petrophysics. Carries out petrophysical reviews and provides specialist support for Asset Team studies including input to geological models and reservoir simulators. Investigates new logging tools and techniques, proposes and organizes field trials, evaluates results and recommends application of new technology as appropriate.
To be suitable for this role, it is required for you to have the following background:
• Over 15 years varied experience in Petrophysics, geo-sciences, drilling, reservoir and petroleum engineering.
• B.Sc in Petroleum Engineering or equivalent discipline with a minor or advanced courses in petrophysics, applied physics or mathematics.
Some of the Key Responsibilities that you will be given are as follows:
• Contributes to the preparation of data acquisition programs, incl. Cores, logs and tests for formation evaluation and well - and reservoir - monitoring.
• Gains a basic appreciation of the commercial relationship with logging contractors and identifies opportunities to improve efficiency and reduce costs.
• Recommends solutions to routine operational problems in specific discipline areas.
As a Senior Petrophysicist, an extremely generous ex-pat package will be rewarded for your services. This includes a housing allowance, as well as schooling allowance for your children, medical coverage for your family and a car loan. All of this is on top of a highly competitive salary.
If you feel that you are ready to take the step up and make the move that will change your career, then this is the move for you. If you have the relevant skills and experience, then please apply by following the links provided.
Find Related Mining Jobs
Latest Leap29 Ltd Jobs
Related Job Searches
© 2014 Copyright Oil and Gas Job Search.com Limited :: Part of The Jobsearch Group
Follow us
--Web1--