Senior Registered Nurse - Diabetic Educator Job in Dubai - Mediclinic City Hospital - Bayt.com
OK
Cancel
Loading...
Loading...
Jobs
Jobs
Salaries
People Companies Specialties
- All -
- All -Algeria (12)Bahrain (117)Dubai (1556)Egypt (496)Iraq (81)Jordan (385)Kuwait (740)Lebanon (249)Libya (16)Morocco (12)Oman (96)Pakistan (33)Qatar (1055)Saudi Arabia (2769)Sri Lanka (0)Tunisia (6)UAE (3583)Yemen (3)
Loading...
Menu - []
›
› Job Description
Senior Registered Nurse - Diabetic Educator
- ,
Date Posted: 2014/04/29 07:04:14
Ref. JB3045313
Job Description
The Diabetes Nurse Educator works within the Nursing Administration department to provide safe, efficient and effective health interventions related to diabetes education and management within the Mediclinic City Hospital inpatient and outpatient clinic setting.
Key Outputs:
Works with the other members of the Multi Disciplinary teams to provide a coordinated, high quality diabetes service to patients with diabetes and their family members.
Functions as a clinical resource person to the community and other health professionals in the area of diabetes as needed.
Carries out assessments, planning, clear documentation, delivery and evaluation of comprehensive education programs for clients with type 1, type 2, gestational diabetes and pre-diabetes.
Maintains accurate and timely records.
Carries out appropriate data entry for internal and external reporting.
Undertakes appropriate health promotion activities.
Undertakes health professional training where required
Communicates effectively with team members.
Communicates effectively with relevant internal and external clinical services.
Liaises regularly with local service coordinators.
Attends and participate in appropriate meetings and associated activities as required.
Establishes and consolidates links with a Diabetes Education Service.
Ensures own practice is in accordance with professional standards and competencies.
Ensures personal knowledge and skills in the area of diabetes, diabetes education, self management and nutrition are of a high standard and in accordance with current clinical guidelines.
Participates in the evaluation of own professional role and participates in professional development activities.
Demonstrates a commitment to the principles of quality improvement and participate in quality activities, . program evaluation.
Skills
Requirements – Licensing & Education:
Bachelor of Science or Diploma in Nursing (minimum of 3 years duration) from a recognized Nursing Institute.
Proof of valid registration as a Registered Nurse from home country, or an internationally recognized body.
Post Graduate Certificate in Diabetes Education from a reputable institute, or equivalent work experience, or a combination of relevant study and work experience.
Specialised Skills/Abilities/Experience Required:
Experience caring for individuals with diabetes.
Ability to work both independently and as part of an inter-disciplinary clinical team.
Competence with computer software programs, MS Office products and electronic databases.
Above average level of diabetes management knowledge and skills.
Experience in delivering health professional training and patient education.
Generic Skills/Abilities/Experience Required:
Demonstrated ability to deliver quality patient care in the ward/unit that you will be employed.
Demonstrated ability to work in a multidisciplinary team
Demonstrated commitment to quality improvement for better health outcomes.
Fluency in written and spoken English (Arabic language skills are well regarded).
High level of verbal and written communication skills.
High level of interpersonal and organizational skills.
Demonstrated competence in working autonomously as required.
Demonstrated ability to prioritize tasks and meet deadlines
Good computer literacy.
Ability to function effectively under pressure.
Ability to promote excellence in patient care through mentoring and quality management.
Job Details
Job Location:
Dubai, United Arab Emirates
Company Industry:
Healthcare, Practitioner and Technician; Medical/Hospital; Healthcare, other
Company Type:
Employer (Private Sector)
Job Role:
Healthcare/Medical
Joining Date:
Unspecified
Employment Status:
Full time
Employment Type:
Employee
Monthly Salary Range:
Unspecified
Manages Others:
Yes
Number of Vacancies:
1
Preferred Candidate
Career Level:
Management
Years of Experience:
Min: 3 Max: 20
Residence Location:
Unspecified
Gender:
Female
Nationality:
Albania; Algeria; Australia; Austria; Bahrain; Belarus; Belgium; Bosnia and Herzegovina; Bulgaria; Canada; Comoros; Croatia (Hrvatska); Czech Republic; Denmark; Djibouti; Egypt; Estonia; Finland; France; Germany; Great Britain (UK); Greece; Hungary; Iceland; Iraq; Ireland; Italy; Jordan; Kosovo; Kuwait; Latvia; Lebanon; Libya; Lithuania; Luxembourg; Macedonia; Mauritania; Moldova; Montenegro; Morocco; Netherlands; New Zealand; Norway; Oman; Palestine; Poland; Portugal; Qatar; Romania; Russian Federation; Saudi Arabia; Serbia; Slovak Republic; Slovenia; Somalia; Spain; Sudan; Sweden; Switzerland; Syria; Tunisia; Ukraine; United Arab Emirates; United Kingdom; United States; Yemen
Degree:
Bachelor's degree / higher diploma
About This Company
Mediclinic Middle East is part of Mediclinic International, one of the top 10 listed private hospital groups in the world with 52 healthcare facilities in Southern Africa, 14 in Switzerland under the name Hirslanden AG and 10 in the UAE. Their headquarters are in Stellenbosch, South Africa.Mediclinic Middle East owns and operates some of the most respected healthcare facilities in the region. These include Mediclinic Welcare Hospital, Mediclinic City Hospital, Mediclinic Dubai Mall, Mediclinic Ibn Battuta, Mediclinic Meadows, Mediclinic Arabian Ranches, Mediclinic Mirdif, Mediclinic Al Qusais, Mediclinic Al Sufouh and Mediclinic Beach Road. Mediclinic Middle East operates according to the same brand values as Mediclinic International, namely the ‘Science of Care’.
Date Posted: 2014/04/29 07:04:14
Ref. JB3045313
Recommended Courses
Invite Your
Friends to Bayt.com
Find Jobs
About Bayt.com
Bayt.com is the leading job site in the Gulf and Middle East, connecting job seekers with employers looking to hire.
Every day, thousands of new job vacancies are listed on the award-winning platform from the region's top employers.
Company
Quick Links
Follow
© 2000-2014 Bayt.com, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
-
Reproduction of material from any Bayt.com pages without written permission is strictly prohibited.