Mechanical
Engineer jobs in Consultancy Company in UAE & Qatar in Qatar - Qatar - Naukrigulf.com
Job Seekers Login:
|
Mechanical
Engineer
at Consultancy Company in UAE & Qatar in
-
Posted: Apr 29, 2014 Exp:
10 - 15
yrs.
| Opening(s): 11
Education: Basic - Bachelor of Technology/Engineering(Mechanical)
Nationality: Indian
Gender: Male
Industry Type:
Functional Area:
Your Message could not be sent.
Your message has been sent
Job Description
Share
Able to handle Independently the Project work.
Scheduling works, allocating Manpower at site / project
Arranging required materials, responsible for HSC and QC Requirement at the site.
Desired Candidate Profile
Preferred Nationality - Indian
Preferred Gender - Male
Qualification Required For Candidates-
BE /B tech. Mechanical
Required Skill Set (In case of IT requirements) -
Computer & Software: Advanced skills in MS Word, Excel, PowerPoint and MS Project
Desired profile of the candidate -
Minimum 10 years experience (Civil Structural construction, Building, Marine, Road, Bridges, Interchange and Infrastructure).
Min. Exp.	10 years
Max. Exp.	15 years
Keyword: Civil construction
Bridges
mechanical engineering mechanical maintenance mechanical design Mechanical
Engineer
|
Company Profile
Leading Consultancy company in UAE & Qatar,
Civil, MEP Consultant,
Roads, Bridges and Infrastructure Supervisory Consultant
Contact Details
Website
Disclaimer: Naukrigulf.com is only a platform to bring jobseekers & employers together. Applicants are advised to research the bonafides of the prospective employer independently. We do NOT endorse any requests for money payments and strictly advice against sharing personal or bank related information.We also recommend you visit
for more information. If you suspect any fraud or malpractice, email us at
To*
From*
Subject*
Email:
Password:
Upload a latest profile photo
A CV with photo has 40% higher chances of getting noticed by employers
Upload Profile Photo
This is how your profile photo will look like.To make adjustments, you can drag around and resize the yellow dashed-square on the right panel.
When you are satisfied with your photo click the "Save Photo" button.
Browse Jobs by
Jobs By Location
Jobs By Category
Job Seekers
Recruiters
Partner Sites
Company
Information
All rights reserved © 2001-
2014 Info Edge (India) Ltd.