President issues law setting up Al Yasat Company for Petroleum Operations LtdOil & Gas - Zawya
All ▼
Companies
Projects
News
Our Membership Solutions
Combines Islamic finance, financial intelligence, information on the project opportunities in one package
Get access to Global Shariah compliant investments, news, research, standards, laws, fatawa and documentation as well as MENA investments
Get a 360° view of MENA Markets & Opportunities
See Tomorrow’s Projects Opportunities Today
Gateway to Middle East Investment Opportunities
Generate Better Leads & More Sales
Start your journey on Zawya!
Get Over 40 Email Bulletins on MENA Countries & Sectors.
Track the Latest News, Research or Analysis with My Zawya.
Access Time-Saving Tools & Productivity Enhancing Services.
Share Your Opinions & Forge Valuable Relationships.
Our Customised Solutions
For bespoke intelligence built around your business, visit .
Other MarketsFeatured ProvidersMENA MonitorsIntelligence ToolsGlobal Islamic
Sign in to your Zawya account
Username
Password
Keep me signed in
Sign In
Don't have a Zawya account?
Or Sign In With
If you have forgotten your login details, please re-confirm your email address below and your username and password will be sent to this email shortly.
Your email address
Submit
Need more help?
Customer Support
+971 4 453 6320
What's Hot:
In Focus
Advertisement
News Article
Apr 28 2014
President issues law setting up Al Yasat Company for Petroleum Operations Ltd
Related
ABU DHABI, 28th April, 2014 (WAM)--President His Highness Sheikh Khalifa bin Zayed Al Nahyan, in his capacity as Ruler of Abu Dhabi Emirate, has issued a law setting up Al Yasat Company for Petroleum Operations Limited Liability Company.
According to the law, the company is owned by the Abu Dhabi National Oil Company (ADNOC) by 60 per cent and CNBC International Hong Kong Ltd by 40 per cent.
The company will carry out the development of onshore and offshore areas in the Emirate of Abu Dhabi approved by the Supreme Petroleum Council.
Its functions will include exploration, drilling and maintenance of wells as required for the extraction of crude oil from
reservoirs, as well as construction, operation and maintenance of all the necessary production facilities, conversion, processing, measurement, storage, transfer and delivery of crude oil from production wells to delivery points, in addition to the marketing of crude oil or exporting it abroad.
© Copyright Emirates News Agency (WAM) 2014.
© Copyright Zawya. All Rights Reserved.
Post Your Comment
Your first name
Your last name
Email address
Express your views or tell us more about this article
By ticking this you confirm that you've read
Post It
Sending ...
People Who Read This Also Read
More in Oil & Gas
Advertisement
Most Popular
Advertisement
Editor's pick from Oil & Gas
Domestic gas requirements are set to expand rapidly over the next few years as Oman's industrial base expands and as the...
Political bickering over a new constitution could delay the country’s natural gas bill until after 2015 elections.
Where frustrations in Egypt, Tunisia, Libya and Syria brought the Arab Spring revolts of 2011, in Algeria, stability wins...
Advertisement
Send This Article To Your Friends
All fields are required.
Friend's Email Address
Use commas for multiple email addresses
Your Email Address
We'll use your email address to send the article on your behalf and it will not be collected or used for any other purposes.
Your Name
Personalise Your Message
Enter the characters shown above
You entered the wrong text, please try again.
Copy Yourself
Send Article
Your email has been sent
Zawya Comment Policy
Zawya encourages you to add a comment to this discussion. You agree that when you add content to this discussion your comments will not:
1.1   Contain any material which is libelous or defamatory of any person, is obscene, offensive, hateful or inflammatory or causes damage to the reputation of any person or organisation.1.2   Promote sexually explicit material, violence, discrimination based on race, sex, religion, nationality, disability, sexual orientation or age or any illegal activity.1.3   Be made in breach of any legal duty owed to a third party, such as a contractual duty or a duty of confidence.1.4   Be threatening, abuse or invade another's privacy, or cause annoyance, inconvenience or needless anxiety.1.5   Be used to impersonate any person, to misrepresent your identity or affiliation with any person, or be likely to deceive any person.1.6   Give the impression that they represent Zawya.1.7   Advocate, promote or assist any unlawful act such as (by way of example only) copyright infringement or computer misuse.
The content posted on
is created by members of the public. The views expressed are theirs and unless specifically stated are not those of Zawya. Zawya reserves the right to review all comments prior to posting and edit or delete any contribution, but Zawya is not responsible for and can not be held liable for any content posted by members of the public on .
Zawya is not responsible for the availability or content of any third party sites that are accessible through . Any links to third party websites from
do not amount to any endorsement of that site by Zawya and any use of that site by you is at your own risk.
By submitting your comment, you hereby give Zawya the right, but not the obligation, to post, air, edit, exhibit, telecast, webcast, re-use, publish, reproduce, use, license, print, distribute or otherwise use your comments worldwide, in perpetuity.
Top Stories
Markets
Exclusive
Multimedia
Companies
Research
Special Research Providers
Projects
Investments
Islamic Finance
Resources
My Zawya
Customer Support
+971 4 453 6320
Editorial / PR Enquiries
Membership Enquiries
+971 4 453 6768
Advertising Enquiries
+971 4 453 6782
Follow Us
Copyright © 2014 Zawya. All Rights Reserved.
Quote data provided by © Thomson Reuters
This site works best with Internet Explorer 7+, Mozilla Firefox 5.0+ and the latest versions of Google Chrome, Opera & Apple Safari.