C130 Supervisors in the UAE job - Aeropeople - United Kingdom | Indeed.co.uk
What:
Where:
job title, keywords or company
city or postcode
C130 Supervisors in the UAE
Aeropeople
-
United Kingdom
Temporary
General description: SHIFT SUPERVISORS.
Highest level of experience for a platform type (C-130), able to manage all Level 3, Level 5 & Level 7 responsibilities. Able to take full responsibility for the first and second line shift team maintenance activities of several C-130 aircraft with various types of aircraft configurations. In addition be able to acts as a flight crew chief with full responsibility at operational bases and field detachments.
Detailed of qualifications/experience/knowledge/skills:
Having ten years of progressive education on the type(C~130), and a holder of a valid Aircraft "Maintenance Engineer's License" issued by the Ministry of Transport, FAA, or equivalent.
Having a minimum of three years as holder of "Aircraft Maintenance Engineer's License" issued by the Ministry of Transport or equivalent and six years total aircraft maintenance experience
Thorough knowledge of C-130 aircraft maintenance procedures and inspection Systems.
Knowledge of aircraft materials and parts and the regulations governing their acceptance for registered aircraft and the process of isolate action.
Thorough knowledge of safety precautions, health and environmental procedures.
Knowledge in the use of aircraft ground equipment.
Ability to select and record data necessary to substantiate airworthiness.
Ability to supervise and train subordinate staff.
Ability to sequence work programs.
Ability to control and provide guidance to subordinate staff during maintenance inspections or troubleshooting aircraft defects.
Physically capable of performing the duties assigned.
English language fluency (written and verbal comprehension).
Abie to pass a background check.
Aeropeople
- 7 days ago
-
save job
-
»
Recommended Jobs
Path Recruitment -
United Kingdom
Path Recruitment - 30+ days ago
Easily apply to this job
Bosch Global Associates Ltd -
London
reed.co.uk - 11 days ago
About this company
2 reviews
For jobs in the United States, please visit
-
-
-
-
-
-
By using our site, you agree to our use of cookies
©2014 Indeed -