UAE economy has improved in the last 6 months, according to 52% of Bayt.com survey respondents - Bayt.com
Menu - []
›
›
› UAE economy has improved in th...
UAE economy has improved in the last 6 months, according to 52% of Bayt.com survey respondents
Views: 450 - : 0
Bookmark this article
Add Your Rating
Poor
Below Average
Average
Above Average
Excellent
Ratings: 0 - Please
to rate.
April
13, 2014
51% in the UAE expect their personal financial situation to improve in the next 6 months
The latest Bayt.com Middle East and North Africa Consumer Confidence Index survey, conducted by Bayt.com, the Middle East’s number one job site, and YouGov, the region’s reputed research and consulting organisation, has revealed that while 51% of UAE respondents share a positive sentiment that their personal financial position will improve in the next 6 months, 82% also expect the cost of living to increase within the same time period.
Personal Economic Situation
Regional Sentiment
Across the region, less than a fifth (17%) of those surveyed are of the opinion that their personal financial situation has improved, compared to 6 months ago. However, for 39% it has remained the same and 37% state that things have not been good for them. This has affected the savings of 58% who report seeing a decrease in their savings in comparison to last year. About four in ten (39%) are optimistic that in the next 6 months things will get better for them, even though 78% anticipate the cost of living to increase.
Almost a third (30%) of respondents in the MENA region, plan to buy a vehicle for personal use in the next 12 months, with 49% preferring to buy a used vehicle over 44% who will seek a new one. Nearly a fifth (19%) is planning to invest in property within the same period, with new apartments being the most popular consideration for purchase.
The top three consumer goods purchase that respondents plan to make include desktop or laptop computers (26%), furniture (18%), and LCD/plasma televisions (16%).
In the UAE
In the UAE, 21% report that their financial position has improved in the last 6 months, with a further four in ten (42%) claiming there has been no change and 28% having seen a decline. More than half (53%) claim that their savings have decreased compared to 12 months ago. The outlook is positive however with 51% anticipating a positive change to their financial situation within the coming 6 months, despite cost of living expected to increase in the same period among eight in ten (82%) living in the UAE.
Among the 43% who are considering buying a vehicle for personal use in the next 12 months, about half (50%) would prefer a used vehicle. A quarter (26%) plan to invest in property within the next 12 months. Amongst property investors, 55% will look for new construction and 45% will opt for apartments (45%).
Respondents in the UAE are interested in buying desktop or laptop computers (28%), furniture (22%) and LCD or plasma televisions (16%) in the next 6 months.
Country’s Economic Situation
Regional Sentiment
There is a significant split within the regions of the MENA when it comes to respondents’ evaluation of the economy in their country of residence. In the GCC, respondents are generally positive about the economy, believing that it has mostly improved in the last 6 months. However, countries in the Levant and North Africa are less positive, with those in the Levant in particular, believing that their country’s economic situation has dramatically receded when compared to the economy of 6 months ago. The Levant countries are also less positive about the future of their economy, with the majority of respondents holding the belief that things will get worse.
Across the region, overall 50% of those surveyed are optimistic about the future business conditions in their respective countries. This sentiment is much stronger amongst the GCC residents (average of 62%) and weakest across the Levant region (average of 27%). The state of business conditions reflects the regional opinion of job availability; respondents in GCC countries believe that there are plenty of job opportunities, whereas those in the Levant and North Africa believe the opposite to be true. Respondents in the GCC are also more positive about an increase in the number of jobs in the next 6 months.
In the UAE
More than half of UAE respondents (52%) state that the country’s economy has improved in the last 6 months; a trend that 68% believe will continue in the 6 months to come. Business conditions are considered to be good to very good by 50% of respondents, with three quarters (72%) claiming that things will become even better in a year’s time.
There are plenty of jobs available in the UAE according to 54% of respondents, with even more openings to appear in the coming 6 months (as stated by 60%).
Current Job Perspective
Regional Sentiment
There is a near even three-way split across the region in regards to the change in the number of employees within respondents’ companies in the last 6 months; 30% state there has been an increase in employees, 30% state there has been a decrease, and 34%
state there has been no change. In the next 6 months, slightly more than one-third (35%) anticipate their organisation to grow, while a similar number (35%) expect the workforce to remain the same.
Respondents are also relatively evenly split in terms of their level of satisfaction with respect to career growth opportunities; with 38% satisfied and 41% dissatisfied with the opportunities available to them. Compensation is considered to be unsatisfactory by 53% of the region’s respondents. However, when it comes to non-monetary benefits received, 42% are satisfied and 41% claim being dissatisfied. The opinion about job security is also split evenly; with 40% being satisfied with their level of job security and another 39% differing in their opinion.
In the UAE
With 45% of respondents stating that there are more employees working with them now than half a year ago, it seems as if companies in the UAE have been hiring in the past 6 months. This trend will continue as half of UAE respondents expect to have more colleagues in the coming 6 months.
UAE respondents are content with the career growth opportunities (45%), non-monetary benefits (46%), and level of job security (50%) in their current position, though at least four in ten (43%) report being unhappy with their salary and allowances.
“Despite a regional consensus on a proportional rise in the cost of living, positive sentiment across the region, particularly in the GCC countries and more recently, among North African states, can be seen,” said Suhail Al-Masri, VP of Sales, Bayt.com. “An increased cost of living may negatively impact consumers’ ability to live comfortably and save, affecting the overall morale and job satisfaction of the MENA employee. In fact, we have recorded a particular dissatisfaction with salary and allowances that should be addressed by employers across the region in order to avoid a situation in which talent could be migrating elsewhere. We believe that this is absolutely doable, especially when you know that the majority of MENA respondents expect business conditions to get better in a year’s time.”
“At Bayt.com, we conduct our Middle East and North Africa Consumer Confidence Index surveys in order to understand and chart changing confidence levels as well as challenges and pressures as the region goes through different economic cycles. Our research aims to provide employers and jobseekers alike with up-to-date information that is both relevant and reliable to use as a reference for better decision making,” added Al-Masri.
Suhail Shaikh, Director, YouGov stated: “Although some countries in the region such as those in the GCC are more likely to see further economic buoyancy, the rising cost of living will be a major hurdle for most in the MENA region. People in the Levant and North Africa are more likely to feel the financial burden as their economies battle against the socio-political uncertainties.”
Data for the Bayt.com Middle East and North Africa Consumer Confidence Index survey - March 2014 was collected online from February 9-24, 2014, with 6,728 respondents aged 18 years and above. Respondents were from the UAE, KSA, Kuwait, Oman, Qatar, Bahrain, Lebanon, Syria, Jordan, Egypt, Morocco, Algeria, and Tunisia.
This article and all other intellectual property on Bayt.com is the property of Bayt.com. Reproduction of this article in any form is only permissible with written permission from Bayt.com.
Reader's Comments
Please
to post a comment.
Recently on Bayt.com
Share Your Opinion
Does your organization require ethics training?
Yes
No
Vote
About Bayt.com
Bayt.com is the leading job site in the Gulf and Middle East, connecting job seekers with employers looking to hire.
Every day, thousands of new job vacancies are listed on the award-winning platform from the region's top employers.
Company
Quick Links
Follow
© 2000-2014 Bayt.com, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
-
Reproduction of material from any Bayt.com pages without written permission is strictly prohibited.
OK
Cancel
Loading...
Loading...