3D Creative Designer Job in Dubai - Mint Creative Production - Bayt.com
OK
Cancel
Loading...
Loading...
Jobs
Jobs
Salaries
People Companies Specialties
- All -
- All -Algeria (12)Bahrain (117)Dubai (1556)Egypt (497)Iraq (81)Jordan (385)Kuwait (740)Lebanon (249)Libya (16)Morocco (12)Oman (96)Pakistan (33)Qatar (1055)Saudi Arabia (2769)Sri Lanka (62)Tunisia (6)UAE (3583)Yemen (3)
Loading...
Menu - []
›
› Job Description
3D Creative Designer
- ,
Date Posted: 2014/04/29 05:53:14
Ref. JB3045249
Job Description
Job Purpose:
To lead the creative idea generation and 3D design implementation for a leading 3D architectural, theming, and modeling company based in Dubai.
Design concepts may be generated in house by the 3D Graphic Designer or he/she may have to work with designs that have already been provided by potential clients.
Job Duties:
The designer's job may involve managing more than one design brief at a time and allocating the relevant amount of time according to the value of the job. Typical activities include:
•	Develop ideas and create 3D design solutions that have high visual impact for a variety of products and company activities such as theming projects, exhibition stands and displays, 3D replications, events, architectural interior designs, and landscaping.
•	Listen to clients and senior management and collect their input; understand their needs and translate these into appropriate 3D concepts and detailed designs.
•	Meet with external clients or internally with senior management to discuss the business objectives and requirements of the project.
•	Estimate the time required to complete the work and provide input into the preparation of cost estimations.
•	Think creatively to produce new ideas and concepts.
•	Present finalized ideas and concepts to clients or internally to senior management.
•	Ensure that all designs are produced to the highest level of accuracy and quality.
•	Demonstrate proof-of-concepts or rough ideas with quick sketches and illustrations.
•	Develop artwork and ideas for in-house marketing material; supervise the execution and printing (as required) of such marketing material.
•	Manage the artwork and photos / graphic content for the corporate website.
•	To be able to prepare project presentations.
•	To be responsible for website maintenance.
Skills
•	Creative flair in 3D design; able to generate new creative ideas and concepts; able to translate these ideas into sketches and ultimately full-fledged 3D designs.
•	Excellent and up-to-date knowledge in design programs such as CAD, Photoshop, Illustrator & 3ds Max
•	Strict attention to details and internally driven quality control.
•	Professional approach to time requirements, deadlines, and cost requirements.
•	Team player.
•	Able to maintain the strictest confidentiality.
•	Takes initiative and is eager to grow professionally.
Job Details
Job Location:
Dubai, United Arab Emirates
Company Industry:
Arts/Entertainment/and Media
Company Type:
Employer (Private Sector)
Job Role:
Art/Design/Creative
Joining Date:
Unspecified
Employment Status:
Full time
Employment Type:
Employee
Monthly Salary Range:
Unspecified
Manages Others:
Unspecified
Number of Vacancies:
1
Preferred Candidate
Career Level:
Mid Career
Years of Experience:
Min: 3 Max: 5
Residence Location:
Unspecified
Gender:
Unspecified
Nationality:
Unspecified
Degree:
Bachelor's degree / higher diploma
Date Posted: 2014/04/29 05:53:14
Ref. JB3045249
Similar Jobs
Confidential Company - ,
Confidential Company - ,
Recommended Courses
Invite Your
Friends to Bayt.com
Find Jobs
About Bayt.com
Bayt.com is the leading job site in the Gulf and Middle East, connecting job seekers with employers looking to hire.
Every day, thousands of new job vacancies are listed on the award-winning platform from the region's top employers.
Company
Quick Links
Follow
© 2000-2014 Bayt.com, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
-
Reproduction of material from any Bayt.com pages without written permission is strictly prohibited.