alJazeera Jobs - Assistant/Associate Professor in Project Management
Jobs in Qatar, Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, Oman, Bahrain, Dubai, Abu Dhabi by alJazeera Jobs
Select Language
English
Francais
Deutsch
عربي
Español
Português
Русский
Nederlands
Türkçe
اردو
Contact alJazeera Jobs Bahrain: (+973) 16199-113
Serving Arabian Gulf Job Seekers since 2007, alJazeera Jobs
is the established, trusted and leading provider of Jobs in
, , , ,
and .
Subscribe to our custom developed Candidate
Management Service to proactively place your details in Arabic
and English into the HR systems of the leading employers in
the Gulf. Jump to the head of the queue and get hired, sign-up
.
JOB SEARCH
I'm looking for...
In location
Select Country
Saudi Arabia
UAE
Kuwait
Qatar
Bahrain
Oman
other
ACCOUNT MANAGEMENT:
|
Assistant/Associate Professor in Project Management
28 Apr 2014 11:39 PM - UAE
. Assistant/Associate Professor in Project ManagementSchool:
e-School of Business and Quality Management The University is experiencing tremendous growth and is currently accepting applications for a full-time Assistant/Associate Professor to teach in the e-School of Business and Quality Management.Main Roles and Responsibilities:
Teach both undergraduate and graduate courses through the use of blended learning approaches. Must be an active researcher. Course/Curriculum development for online teaching. Advise/Mentor learners. Develop and deliver professional short courses. Administrative duties, as needed.Required Qualifications & Skills:
The selected applicant must hold a PhD degree, from an AACSB-accredited university, in a relevant discipline. Adequate teaching experience at an internationally accredited university. Experience working in an online/e-learning environment, preferred. Demonstrated ability to integrate computer technology into the curriculum. Ability to (more...)
AC
Advertisement
|
|
|
|
|
All rights reserved - AlJazeeraJobs ® is a registered trade mark and unauthorised usage is strictly prohibited.
|
, , , , ,