alJazeera Jobs - Senior Manager, Financial Crime Compliance Assurance
Jobs in Qatar, Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, Oman, Bahrain, Dubai, Abu Dhabi by alJazeera Jobs
Select Language
English
Francais
Deutsch
عربي
Español
Português
Русский
Nederlands
Türkçe
اردو
Contact alJazeera Jobs Bahrain: (+973) 16199-113
Serving Arabian Gulf Job Seekers since 2007, alJazeera Jobs
is the established, trusted and leading provider of Jobs in
, , , ,
and .
Subscribe to our custom developed Candidate
Management Service to proactively place your details in Arabic
and English into the HR systems of the leading employers in
the Gulf. Jump to the head of the queue and get hired, sign-up
.
JOB SEARCH
I'm looking for...
In location
Select Country
Saudi Arabia
UAE
Kuwait
Qatar
Bahrain
Oman
other
ACCOUNT MANAGEMENT:
|
Senior Manager, Financial Crime Compliance Assurance
28 Apr 2014 10:24 PM - UAE
. Our client, a leading global bank is looking to hire within its Financial Crime Compliance Assurance team.As Senior Manager for financial crime compliance, you will manage a small team. You will support enhanced oversight over the region’s management of AML & Sanctions risk through the development of and support for periodic functional reviews of MENA FCC functions. You will plan, prepare, lead and report on assurance reviews which will involve reviewing compliance areas such as operations, processes, controls & monitoring plans.It will be your responsibility to provide AML subject matter expertise and support for the MENA Assurance team, working with the team to identify adverse trends, poor controls and systemic risks. You will draft and issue reports of each review, record and track the implementation of review recommendations and produce MI in relation to the reviews undertaken.To be considered for this position candidates must be an experienced AML or Sanctions professional preferably with experience in assurance or monitoring. Excellent experience of AML, CTF and Sanctions is essential. A background in controls, control testing in audit or other control functions is desirable. As the role will involve detailed report writing and presenting t (more...)
BCS
Advertisement
|
|
|
|
|
All rights reserved - AlJazeeraJobs ® is a registered trade mark and unauthorised usage is strictly prohibited.
|
, , , , ,