Procurement Manager - Corporate Property - UAE Job in Dubai
Let us do the hard work for you and take the hassle out of job hunting.
Upload your CV and let recruiters find you
Get personalised Jobs-by-Email alerts
.
Get Started!
Enter your email address
Procurement Manager - Corporate Property - UAE
Job Type:Permanent
Location:Dubai
Salary:Neg
Start Date:ASAP
Duration:
Reference:287081-498187_747938
The Property Division manages all aspects of Alshaya's 2,500 store retail property portfolio for our 70+ brands across 19 countries. The property division is split into 3 areas, Real Estate, Project Management and Facilities Management (FM). The Division holds regular reviews on store performance and drives real estate portfolio maximisations to ensure it meets the company's and brands' expectations in regard to quality and profitability. With 450 new stores opened in 2012, and with 425 new stores and 400 refurbishments planned for 2013, the work is fast-paced and dynamic. The team structure is split by region, ensuring your exposure across a number of international blue chip brands.The Role:As a Procurement Manager you will work with the Group Procurement Manager to achieve the objectives within the Property division specifically focusing on saving costs in acquiring goods and services, building up a dependable supply chain and ensuring policy compliance. Responsibilities will include:- Analysing property spend and forecasting procurement needs- Identifying cost effective and dependable suppliers locally and/or internationally with a focus on cost, quality, time and reliability.- Managing and providing guidance on new supplier implementation process across multiple operating markets.- Help the property project management and finance team in dealing with supply and supplier related issues.Qualifications and Experience:- 3-5 years' experience in strategic procurement program within similar large organisation- Experience working with retail property suppliers in Kuwait, UAE and/or KSA- Knowledge of working in a new procurement set up, drafting and conducting tenders/ RFQ's, assessing new supplier capabilities and sourcing and developing international suppliers.M.H. Alshaya Co. is a leading international franchise operator for over 70 of the world's most recognised retail brands including Starbucks, H&M, Mothercare, Debenhams, American Eagle Outfitters, P.F. Chang's, The Cheesecake Factory, Victoria's Secret, Boots, Pottery Barn and KidZania. The company operates over 2,600 stores across diverse customer sectors: Fashion & Footwear, Health & Beauty, Food, Optics, Pharmacy, Home Furnishings and Leisure & Entertainment.Alshaya's stores can be found in markets across the Middle East and North Africa, Russia, Turkey and Europe and the company employs more than 40,000 people from over 110 nationalities.
Please Note
There is no need to provide bank account details or payment to any person or organisation when applying for a job.
If you have any concerns about this job then please .
This vacancy was placed on
29 Apr 2014 by
MH Alshaya Co.W.L.L
949996915
Copyright Evenbase Recruitment Ltd, All rights reserved
Jobsite is an Evenbase brand and part of