HSE Engineer job in UAE | Job ID: 946846 | oil and gas Job Search
HSE Engineer job in UAE
Rate
Negotiable
Type
Permanent
Location
UAE
Region
Dubai
Town
Dubai
Required Residency
No
Posted By
Energy Connexions
Date Posted
29 Apr 2014
Expiry Date
Sorry this job has expired.
Job Reference
1210HSE
Job Description
Permanent HSE Engineer.
Supervise and participate in the implementation of the Health Safety and Environment Management System to ensure adherence to Company’s established HSE guidelines, standards and codes of practice. Monitor and advise on Site activities to be performed safely. Promotes awareness of site personnel to HSE. Investigate incidents/accidents. Assist the on scene man in-charge in emergency situations. Principal Accountabilities
Maintain and control daily HSE practices with regular checks of work sites, ensure that hazards are identified, precautionary measures are taken and advice trades Supervisors on HSE matters.
Monitor and control implementation of all procedures related to the maintenance and effectiveness of safety, lifesaving and emergency equipment and inspect work activities and equipment to ensure correct operation and that procedures are implemented.
Ensure that effective records are kept and updated for all equipment under his control.
Promote safe working systems and procedures. Monitor and advise on proper application of “Permit to Work” system, conduct gas and atmospheric tests, participating in actual “Job Watch” as and where necessary; such as hot tapping, mechanical sealing/plugging, entry into dangerous confined spaces and ensuring that all Safety regulations and practices are adhered to.
Coordinate and participate in identifying and evaluating HSE hazards/risks and recommend measures to reduce them.
Coordinate and participate in the provision of HSE awareness courses. Prepare programs, arrange participation in conjunction with line management and give lectures using specialized audio visual equipment, hand-outs and practical demonstration.
Participate as a leader or member of an emergency situation team, providing first line decisions concerning containment of emergency, assist the On Scene Commander and participate in detailed first aid or emergency action dictated by situation, provide reports on situations existing at the time of such incidents and present comments on causes and possible remedies.
Requirements HSE Engineer
10 years minimum expirence
B.Sc. Engineering discipline or equivalent
Minimum 8 years experience in Industrial Safety/Loss Prevention in an oil industry.
Organizational Relationships (Work Contacts)
Regular contacts with all services within field, including project engineers and contractors personnel to achieve on adherence to the Company’s Safety regulations and practices.
Training of Fire Technicians in the testing and maintenance of fixed fire suppression equipment also hand held gas monitors, and fire watch personnel.
Works within established procedures and programs and is expected to use initiative and judgment in investigating accidents and conducting prevention audits. Work performance is subject to general supervision on most matters, and close supervision on important aspects, by HSE Senior Engineer
Qualifications
Bachelors Degree or equivalent
Find Related oil and gas Jobs
Latest Energy Connexions Jobs
Related Job Searches
© 2014 Copyright Oil and Gas Job Search.com Limited :: Part of The Jobsearch Group
Follow us
--Web2--