Assistant Administration Manager/Senior Administration Officer - JB1001843288 | Abu Dhabi, UAE - Jobs Abu Dhabi
OK
Cancel
Loading...
Loading...
Welcome, Guest
|
|
|
|
|
-
Menu - []
Your Opinion Matters
Statistics
Total vacancies 1646
Weekly statistics
Vacancies Posted this Week 86
Today’s Statistics
Vacancies posted today 20
Poll Corner
If you are offered a lower position, but higher in salary than your current job,will you accept it?
Yes
No
Submit your Vote
›
› Job Description
305 People have applied
Date Posted: 2014/04/28 10:04:46Ref. JB1001843288
Assistant Administration Manager/Senior Administration OfficerSEC HR CONSULTANT
Required for a well established construction company based in Abu Dhabi
an Assistant Administration Manager/Senior Administration Officer
Skills
•	Qualification-Graduate in any discipline
•	Experience-Immense experience in handling all governmental issues of an Organization,controlling & handling PROs. Should be able to do prioritize tasks,
distribute,
follow up and complete on time. Only Arabic nationalities with UAE DL are preferred for this position.
•	Salary-10k to 20k based on the experience and qualification.
Company Profile
SEC is one of the fastest growing recruitment agency in Abu Dhab,
UAE. since establishement,
SEC gained more than30 loyal companies located all over the UAE( Dubai,
Abu Dhabi,
Al AIN,
ect ...) for all job categories in the UAE market ( labour to skilled experience managers),
for any different industries ( construction,
security,
IT,
education,
finance,
aviation,
electrical,
electronic,
ect ...) an...d from different nationalities ( citizens from all the world)
we are proud of the achievements and reaped what we offer our customers the services of global standards,
according to the highest level and fastest,
which is required by the clients.
SEC services including: database search,
checking through advertising,
executive search,
each service of those services got many features of their own wich make it easier for all clients requirements.
we always look for what new and creative and distinct,
and we promise to remain a fruitful exchange with us continues.
WHY SEC ?
the thing that differentiates SEC is that we provide fully trained and well experienced candidates with the required qualifications and skills for any national or multi-national comapny.
we filter your requirements,
interview candidates and prepare them to be ready for just signing employement contracts with your company : thats why we developed highly effective diagnostic system that will meet your requirements in no time.
because our clinets are so special,
we enforce the working envirement spirit during any interview so we know whether the candidate is suitable or not for the company.
SEC is a new concept in employment created to fit a modern lifestyle.now the right job comes to you !
Job Details
Job Location:
Abu Dhabi, UAE
Company Industry:
Construction/Civil Engineering; Construction
Company Type:
Recruitment Agency
Job Role:
Administration
Employment Status:
Full time
Employment Type:
Employee
Number of Vacancies:
1
Preferred Candidate
Career Level:
Management
Years of Experience:
Min: 5
Residence Location:
United Arab Emirates
Nationality:
United Arab Emirates; Bahrain; Djibouti; Algeria; Egypt; Iraq; Jordan; Comoros; Kuwait; Lebanon; Libya; Morocco; Mauritania; Oman; Palestine; Qatar; Saudi Arabia; Sudan; Somalia; Syria; Tunisia; Yemen