alJazeera Jobs - Document Control Manager - 12 months - Abu Dhabi - Good Rates
Jobs in Qatar, Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, Oman, Bahrain, Dubai, Abu Dhabi by alJazeera Jobs
Select Language
English
Francais
Deutsch
عربي
Español
Português
Русский
Nederlands
Türkçe
اردو
Contact alJazeera Jobs Bahrain: (+973) 16199-113
Serving Arabian Gulf Job Seekers since 2007, alJazeera Jobs
is the established, trusted and leading provider of Jobs in
, , , ,
and .
Subscribe to our custom developed Candidate
Management Service to proactively place your details in Arabic
and English into the HR systems of the leading employers in
the Gulf. Jump to the head of the queue and get hired, sign-up
.
JOB SEARCH
I'm looking for...
In location
Select Country
Saudi Arabia
UAE
Kuwait
Qatar
Bahrain
Oman
other
ACCOUNT MANAGEMENT:
|
Document Control Manager - 12 months - Abu Dhabi - Good Rates
06 May 2014 08:59 PM - Saudi Arabia
Job Description: Document Control Manager - 12 months - Abu Dhabi - Good RatesMy Client in the Oil and Gas Industry are looking for a Document Control Manager to manage a team of Document Controllers on a new project based in Abu DhabiThe Document Controller Manager is responsible for implementing and maintaining the Document Control Management System and overseeing that all updates to program documents (i.e. design criteria, design reports, drawings, approved changes, etc.) are being captured, collected, stored and disseminated through the proper channels to all concerned parties and ensuring that teams working on the program are using the latest version of the documents. This position also ensures that the procedures with respect to document retention, archiving, and destruction and disposal of void documents are followed. The position is supported by a team of Document Controllers. Key tasks and duties: Establishes and maintains clear/concise work standards and goals. Provides training and development, reviews work produced, completes performance evaluations, conducts employee counselling, and takes corrective action as necessary.Implements approved document/data management solutions with a primary focus on document control and records management. Administers data/document management applications.Adheres to approved procedures and ensures that pre-established document control requirements (e.g., which document numbering system will be used; how many and which signatures will be required for certain approvals, etc.) are satisfactorily met throughout the duration of the project.Manages the receipt, tracking, and monitoring of documents through the use of standard document management programs to register documents, maintain databases, and produces logs, transmittals, and other reports as required.Works with other staff members as needed to develop and improve services. Responds to changing technology environment and participates in decision making activities relating to customers’ needs.Provides assistance to users in capturing and locating electronic information.Maintains an established data distribution system and schedule for the assigned project based upon client, project, department, and supplier requirements. May revise system or schedule as required to ensure timely approvals and distribution. Expedites review, signature approval, and release of supplier and internally produced documents.Verifies retention requirements, arranges document cataloguing, packing, and long-term storage or disposal of appropriate documents at time of closeout. Manages scheduled destruction of archived documents according to company and/or Client guidelines; provides assistance with document retrieval.Manages the document control staff to ensure effective implementation of project-specific procedu (more...)
OGS
Advertisement
|
|
|
|
|
All rights reserved - AlJazeeraJobs ® is a registered trade mark and unauthorised usage is strictly prohibited.
|
, , , , ,