Spa Therapist with Sheraton Abu Dhabi Hotel & Resort | 10880460
Jobseekers
|
Jobseekers
Spa Therapist
Abu Dhabi, AE-AZ
0
Full job details
Recruiter
Sheraton Abu Dhabi Hotel & Resort
Posted
06/05/2014 17:27:42
Ref
58583013en
Location
Abu Dhabi, AE-AZ
Job Type
Leisure, Spa Therapist
Sector
Hotel
Job Level
Non-Management
Spa Therapist Company Starwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide, Inc. is one of the leading hotel and leisure companies in the world with over 1000 properties in more than 100 countries and 155,000 employees at its owned and managed properties. Starwood Hotels is a fully integrated owner, operator and franchisor of hotels and resorts with the following internationally renowned brands: St. Regis®, The Luxury Collection®, Sheraton®, Westin®, Four Points® by Sheraton, W®, Le Méridien® and the recently announced AloftSM and ElementSM Hotels. Starwood Hotels also owns Starwood Vacation Ownership, Inc., one of the premier developers and operators of high quality vacation interval ownership resorts.
Location Sheraton Abu Dhabi Hotel & Resort is a landmark in the city for its architecture and its ideal location. Prominently situated on the Abu Dhabi Corniche, featuring a natural lagoon with turquoise clear water leading to the Arabian Gulf, Sheraton Abu Dhabi Hotel & Resort offers not just luxury but is also a place of tranquility and relaxation. The hotel is within walking distance of the shopping and commercial districts and only 40 minutes drive from the Abu Dhabi International Airport.
Department Resort
Job Description • Responsible for keeping up the high standard of treatment and service of the spa• Responsible for day to day cleanliness of equipment and hygiene of the treatment areas.• To maintain the stock at the correct level following set standards.• To cover reception as and when required.• To perform any other duties deemed reasonable by management.
Requirements • At least 2 years of experience as a therapist. • High school degree required. Additional Beauty, Nutrition or Health education preferred. • Must be able to speak good English • Male Therapist
Share this job
Catererglobal.com is a trademark of Totaljobs Group Ltd. © 2013 Copyright and database rights Totaljobs Group Ltd.Powered by .