Emerson Career
Job Details
Language
Arabic
Chinese (simplified)
Czech
Danish
Dutch
English
Flemish
French
German
Greek
Hungarian
Italian
Japanese
Korean
Norwegian
Polish
Portuguese
Russian
Slovakian
Spanish
Swedish
Ukrainian
Romanian
RAS - Sales Support Engineer - AUH
Job ID
EPM-00004072
Country
UAE
State/Province
Abu Dhabi
City
Abu Dhabi
Publish Start Date
Mar 17 2013
Job Level
Experienced (Non-Manager)
|
Job Description
Emerson have an exciting opportunity for an experienced Sales Support Engineer to be part of its Remote Automation Solutions team. This role, based in Abu Dhabi , will support our Abu Dhabi operations. In this important role you will have the opportunity to become a key pillar in the projects sales cycle for Emerson Process Management – Remote Automation Solutions, Middle East and Africa. Reporting to the MEA Business Development Manager for System, the primary function will be to interface between field sales and tendering and provide guidance on the technology to be implemented. With the support of the back office tendering, you will manage the sales tender life cycle from registration through to its delivery and any subsequent clarifications. You will maintain Company sales supporting literature including pre qualifications.
You will also act as a Gate Keeper for our trade compliance process in the world area.
PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTABILITIES
Execution of job responsibilities (see below) in accordance with the Company QMS.
Provide for and maintain a good working environment.
Provide for the planning, reporting, development, management and delivery of good quality sales      tenders   against agreed timescales.
Manage methodical and accurate tender cost preparation and analysis.
Provide good standard sales support material including Company pre qualifications documentation.
General commercial and technical support for Sales.
Maintain and foster good customer and supplier relations.
Specific Responsibilities
Register all enquiries, assess for viability and distribute internally.
Coordinate tenders’ submittal with the back office tendering engineers within bid submission timescales.
Vet of incoming enquiries with respect to Conditions of Contract
Ensure completeness of Tender Approval documents for internal price validation meetings.
Present tender proposal internally.
Conduct negotiation with suppliers and sub-contractors.
Coordinate project launch following order placement;
Provide sales support on and off site, including but not limited to running demos, attending project definition and technical clarifications meetings, representing the division in exhibitions, seminars and workshops;
Undertake revisions of tendering related procedures for inclusion within the QMS;
Communicate good working/engineering practices with other members of the Company;
Supply a regular update on progress and issues to the line manager on tender activities.
Work with other divisions of Emerson to maximize Emerson’s content in proposed solutions/quotes
Participate in regular review meetings to prioritize workload & review performance, such that client expectations are met in a profitable & timely manner
Contribute to continual improvement of company’s products and solutions
Maintain a thorough understanding of the divisions products & services
Maintain the best interests of the Emerson organization at all times
Adhere to Health & Safety regulations
Ensure that all transactions are properly screened and recorded in accordance with the company’s Trade
Compliance procedures
Act as local gatekeeper for trade compliance matters
Job Requirements
Education/Experience
Knowledge - Requisite knowledge - Microsoft Office suite, SCADA, programmable control devices and languages, process control instrumentation and telemetry communications.
Experience - A minimum of three years in a commercial supporting role within an engineering and services support organisation, preferably in process control and/or industrial computing. Experience of managing other engineers or an aptitude to do so.
Qualifications – University degree or Diploma in Business studies or minimum of 10 years relevant industrial experience.
Additional Company Information
How to apply:
If you feel that your skills and attributes match the Emerson requirements please apply via the careers pages by completing the online application and uploading an up to date CV
Emerson MEA Selection Process:
The selection process once shortlisting has been completed will involve an initial telephone screening interview followed up, if successful, by a full selection event at one of our regional offices.
Equal Opportunities:
Emerson Middle East & Africa are an equal opportunities employer and hiring decisions will be made regardless of sex, race, religious belief, age, disability or sexual orientation.
Contact Information
We operate a preferred supplier list for recruitment agencies and search firms. This list is reviewed periodically, but we are not currently considering adding any new suppliers - and we're continuing our existing policy of not accepting unsolicited CVs from any recruitment agencies or search firms. We'd also ask that you refrain from routinely contacting HR or our business leaders.
Additional Website Information
Business Unit Webpage