ARCO.RH cherchere 3 Site Engineer (based in Abu Dhabi) - Farojob
Farojob :
>
>
> ARCO.RH cherchere 3 Site Engineer (based in Abu Dhabi)
Aller
Radius :
1 km
5 km
10 km
50 km
100 km
1 000 km
5 000 km
6 mai 2014
Travail à l'étranger
ARCO.RH cherchere 3 Site Engineer (based in Abu Dhabi)
ARCO.RH – Posted by
–
N'importe où
Description de l'emploi
ARCO.RH (Audit / Recruitment / Counsel / Outsourcing) is a Tunisian Company specialized in the Human Resources field  ( HR). It supports and advises corporate clients , whether at the start-up or in development.
Our mission is to provide excellent service provider to companies who trust in order to help them achieve results that will ensure their development in the leading position on the market.
ARCO.RH is looking for its International Client based in Abu Dhabi a 3 Site Engineer
The candidates should have 5 years experiences within 2 years as civil engineer in road construction.
Skill Required
•The candidates should have 5 years experiences within 2 years as civil engineer in road construction.
•Project Management /  Ability to explain design idea and plan clearly.
We offer :
• Attractive salary
• Transport
• Accomodation
• Ticket (once in year)
• Medical Insurance
• Annual Leave
Comment postuler
Please send your CV to arco_rh@yahoo.fr
(Please indicate the reference in the subject)
Catégories d'offres: . Job Types: . L'offre d'emploi expire dans 365 jours.
Postuler à cette offre d'emploi
Nom *
Courriel *
Message *
Envoyer un CV (zip, pdf, doc, txt, rtf)
Envoyer une lettre de motivation (zip, pdf, doc, txt, rtf)
Is fire “hot” or “cold”? *
Offres d'emploi similaires :
Laisser une réponse
Vous devez être
pour publier un commentaire.
Candidat : Postez votre CV, mettez à jour votre profil, et configurez votre alerte mail !Recruteur : Publier vos annonces, recevez des candidatures, consultez notre base de CV !
Annuaire Emploi
Nouvelles offres d’emploi
Actualités Emploi
Copyright ©
2014 Farojob - Annonces et Offres d’Emploi en Tunisie et à l'étranger & Recrutements Freelance