Commissioning Team Leader jobs in National Petroleum Construction Company in Abu Dhabi - United Arab Emirates - Naukrigulf.com
NATIONAL PETROLEUM CONSTRUCTION COMPANY (NPCC)
Content on this page requires a newer version of Adobe Flash Player.
Careers
Commissioning Team Leader
at National Petroleum Construction Company in
-
Posted: May
6, 2014 Exp:
15 - 25
yrs.
| Opening(s): 2
Education: Basic - Bachelor of Technology/Engineering
Nationality: Any Nationality
Gender: Male
Industry Type:
/
Functional Area:
Your Message could not be sent.
Your message has been sent
Job Description
Share
Accountabilities:
	Lead a Multi-discipline team for undertaking Commissioning .
	Liaise with Project Management Team.
	Liaise with Client as part of Project execution.
	Review and implement the Project commissioning scope of work.
	Issue of Commissioning related deliverables for the Project execution.
	Asses the requirement of supporting commissioning team.
	Ensure Inter-discipline integration of activities required for smooth Project execution.
	Ensure database preparation for implementing the Progress Monitoring System.
	Review Engineering documents.
	Schedule Multi-discipline commissioning activities.
	Schedule vendor mobilization plan.
	Reports on work progress, bringing to notice potential problems or delays, recommend solutions and initiate corrective measures.
	Plan and Monitor in Vendor activities as required.
	Report to Commissioning Manager as per project Organization chart.
	Compliance in accordance with HSE Standard.
Desired Candidate Profile
Knowledge Skills and Experience:
	Bachelor in Engineering.
	Excellent presentation and communication skills to interface with Client and Vendor.
	Previous experience in leading a Multi-discipline Commissioning Team.
	Good understanding of EPC project execution.
	At least 15 years of experience in Oil & Gas Projects with a Minimum of 5 years in Lead role on EPC projects.
	Good understanding of various Engineering disciplines.
	Good Management skills.
Keyword:
|
Company Profile
NPCC is a Public Joint Stock Company owned by the General Holding Corporation (GHC) which holds a 70% interest and the Consolidated Contractors Group (S.A.L.), CCC which holds the remaining 30%.
NPCC was established in April 1973 to provide a facility for the fabrication of steel structures required by the Onshore and Offshore Oil and Gas Production Industry. The late seventies saw NPCC growing through considerable expansion with the construction of its own pipe coating facilities
and the launching of a successful Offshore Services Division providing full marine spreads for Pipe laying, Installation and Hook-up works.
NPCC's dynamic growth, its past achievements and new facilities have transformed this National Company into a major international (EPC) contractor, capable of providing the Offshore and Onshore Oil & Gas industry with complete Engineering, Procurement and Construction.
Contact Details
Name/ Designation: Ms Ghada Fattah - Recruitment Officer
Website
To*
From*
Subject*
Email:
Password:
Upload a latest profile photo
A CV with photo has 40% higher chances of getting noticed by employers
Upload Profile Photo
This is how your profile photo will look like.To make adjustments, you can drag around and resize the yellow dashed-square on the right panel.
When you are satisfied with your photo click the "Save Photo" button.
Content provided by National Petroleum Construction Company. Info Edge India Limited disclaims all warranties against infringement. Visit
and
for more comprehensive information in this regard