Sr. Buyer Technical jobs in Al Maharah Oilfield & Recruitment Services L.L.C in Abu Dhabi - United Arab Emirates - Naukrigulf.com
Job Seekers Login:
|
Sr. Buyer Technical
at Al Maharah Oilfield & Recruitment Services L.L.C in
-
Posted: May
6, 2014 Exp:
6 - 12
yrs.
| Opening(s): 1
Education: Basic - Bachelor of Science(Computers)
Nationality: Any Nationality
Industry Type:
/
Functional Area:
Your Message could not be sent.
Your message has been sent
Job Description
Share
Vacancy:
Sr. Buyer Technical
Urgently required for Oil & Gas industry Sector in Abu Dhabi
Minimum Requirements:-
	B.Sc. in Engineering discipline.
	8
years experience in purchasing/control of material/equipment related to oil or petrochemical industry, of which at least
5 years in supervisory capacity.
Ability to operate computerised systems.
	Good knowledge of English language.
Job Purpose :-
	Prepares Company’s construction, operational, drilling and general services contracts of technical nature anprovides a contractual follow-up service to effect their proper implementation. Participates in planning pre-tender and pre-contract stages.
Ensures that evaluation of tenders and execution of contract documents are consistent with Company approved policy.
Provides a supporting services when required in the interpretation of contracts during the course of administration or at contracts close-out.
Contracts Control:-
	Receives approved contract request from Senior Contracts Officer and analyses requirements,
	Discusses scope of work and proposed bidders list with Job Officer and seeks any further clarification and additional required information,
	Prepares the commercial package and the terms and conditions of contract,
	Formulates and issues amendments to the contract as and when required in accordance with the procedures,
	Prepares the final reconciliation on completion of the contract,
	Arbitrates upon request between Company’s Job Officer and Contractor on interpretation and performance of contract terms and conditions.
Technical Support:-
	Formulates and issues the detailed inquiry package to approved bidders as agreed with the initiator,
	Acts as a member of the Tender Opening Committee and participates in receiving and opening tenders with representatives from Finance Division and Shareholders
	, (iii) Prepares the commercial evaluation and participates in reviewing the technical evaluation,
	Attends meetings and negotiates
technical related issues with tenderizers and recommends to Supervisor best
Please send your detailed CV, showing your Date of Birth, Nationality & Passport No., to our e-mail address
shelmest@emirates.net.ae
Keyword:
|
Company Profile
We are manpower consultant based in Abu Dhabi and providing manpower to Oil & Gas Industry Sector in Abu Dhabi since 1990.
Contact Details
Name/ Designation: Mali - HR Admin.
Reference CodeJD175-17-149
Disclaimer: Naukrigulf.com is only a platform to bring jobseekers & employers together. Applicants are advised to research the bonafides of the prospective employer independently. We do NOT endorse any requests for money payments and strictly advice against sharing personal or bank related information.We also recommend you visit
for more information. If you suspect any fraud or malpractice, email us at
To*
From*
Subject*
Email:
Password:
Upload a latest profile photo
A CV with photo has 40% higher chances of getting noticed by employers
Upload Profile Photo
This is how your profile photo will look like.To make adjustments, you can drag around and resize the yellow dashed-square on the right panel.
When you are satisfied with your photo click the "Save Photo" button.
Browse Jobs by
Jobs By Location
Jobs By Category
Job Seekers
Recruiters
Partner Sites
Company
Information
All rights reserved © 2001-
2014 Info Edge (India) Ltd.