Food & Beverage - Manager - Speciality Outlet jobs in Rotana Hotel in Abu Dhabi - United Arab Emirates - Naukrigulf.com
Job Seekers Login:
|
Food & Beverage - Manager - Speciality Outlet
at Rotana Hotel in
-
Posted: May
5, 2014 Exp:
2 - 4
yrs.
| Opening(s): 1
Education: Basic - Bachelor of Hotel Management(Hotel Management)
Gender: Not Mentioned
Industry Type:
/
/
/
Functional Area:
/
/
/
Your Message could not be sent.
Your message has been sent
Job Description
Share
We are currently seeking for ambitious, dynamic, self motivated Food & Beverage professionals who assist to organize and direct a team that develops top quality of food & beverage products with prompt, accurate and personalized service.
As a Specialty Outlet Manager you are responsible for the short and long term planning and the management of the respective outlet operations in the front and back of house to achieve customer satisfaction and quality service while meeting / exceeding financial goals and your role will include key responsibilities such as:
•Prepare schedules for all employees according to the forecast and within the limits of the staffing guide to ensure adequate manpower at all times
•Conduct regular training sessions with the assigned team in line with the departmental SOP’s
•Evaluate the performance of the assigned team and initiate internal development and promotions
•Responsible for the timely set up of the assigned Food & Beverage outlet, according to the meal settings and in line with the opening hours
•Handle the welcome and seating of arriving guests with the assistance of the Hostess
•Maintain a professional and friendly relationship with the outlet patrons
•Establish and update the outlet’s database of regular guests
•Tour the outlet and all related areas frequently, ensuring the highest possible cleanliness and maintenance standards
•Be actively involved in the outlets promotional activities.
Desired Candidate Profile
You must be a college / university degree graduate with a minimum of two years experiences in a similar role with preferable previous experiences in the Middle East. You should be a computer literate with effective communication skills and an excellent command of written and spoken English.
Knowledge & Competencies
The ideal candidate will be a hands-on professional with a solid food & beverage background and the passion for quality and excellence. You will be creative and eager to share your desire to achieve highest quality service standards with guests and team members and you should possess following competencies:
Understanding Hotel Operations
Effective Communication
Planning for Business
Supervising People
Understanding Differences
Supervising Operations
Teamwork
Adaptability
Customer Focus
Drive for Results
Keyword: Food & Beverage - Manager - Speciality Outlet
|
Company Profile
Rotana Hotel
Contact Details
Website
Disclaimer: Naukrigulf.com is only a platform to bring jobseekers & employers together. Applicants are advised to research the bonafides of the prospective employer independently. We do NOT endorse any requests for money payments and strictly advice against sharing personal or bank related information.We also recommend you visit
for more information. If you suspect any fraud or malpractice, email us at
To*
From*
Subject*
Email:
Password:
Upload a latest profile photo
A CV with photo has 40% higher chances of getting noticed by employers
Upload Profile Photo
This is how your profile photo will look like.To make adjustments, you can drag around and resize the yellow dashed-square on the right panel.
When you are satisfied with your photo click the "Save Photo" button.
Browse Jobs by
Jobs By Location
Jobs By Category
Job Seekers
Recruiters
Partner Sites
Company
Information
All rights reserved © 2001-
2014 Info Edge (India) Ltd.