US Physicians Job at ELG FZE - A FrontierMEDEX Company
connects its millions of Doctors all around DoctorsHangout.com
Network with the Hospitals looking for the brightest minds. When you post a job
to the DoctorsHangout.com Job Board, it is automatically cross promoted to all
sites within the DoctorsHangout.com Network. More than that, DoctorsHangout.com
Job Board offers free job listings for employers.
If you are an employer looking for the smartest and most innovative Doctors,
people who are one step ahead of the rest - then you will find those people in
the DoctorsHangout.com Network.
Post a job listing now at
>
US Physicians
US Physicians
Posted May 06
,
Abu Dhabi, Abu Z¸aby [Abu Dhabi], United Arab Emirates
ELG FZE on behalf of FrontierMEDEX are currently inviting applications from suitably qualified and experienced US registered Physicians to provide medical and welfare support to site personnel supporting large scale Oil and gas projects in Iraq.
The successful applicant will be responsible for clinical oversight of all medical activity of expat and local national healthcare professionals across five clinics in the southern Iraqi oil fields. Duties will include providing a 24/7 reach back service to all medics in the field for any emergencies or clinical advice; implementing and reviewing medical emergency response plans (MERPs) and ensuring that patient records are documents accurately.
Duties will also include the oversight and management of an up-skilling programme for local national clinicians to include clinical skills assessments and clinical theory training.
The base camp clinic serves as an Advanced Emergency Stabilisation Centre and has a well-equipped trauma room with ultrasound and X-ray equipment, cardiac monitors and a laboratory.
Candidates must have strong leadership skills, with the patience and diplomacy to work with differing cultures and nationalities.
Candidates must be solution focused with excellent communication skills.
Experience/Qualifications:
Previous international experience in the Middle East is mandatory
Experience of working in the oil and gas industry would be beneficial
Current ACLS and ATLS or equivalent courses
Minimum of eight years' post medical qualification experience, specifically focused within an Emergency Room environment
Emergency Room environment
Experience in Occupational Health
Good levels of health and fitness
Computer literate
Your email address
Your first name
Your last name
Leave Blank
Do Not Modify
Enter recipient email addresses
(separate multiple addresses with commas)
Enter brief message
Jobs You Might Like
Search Jobs
Follow
©   |
|
|
|