Director of Food & Beverage - Crowne Plaza Abu Dhabi Yas Island jobs in Intercontinental Hotels Group in Abu Dhabi - United Arab Emirates - Naukrigulf.com
Job Seekers Login:
|
Director of Food & Beverage - Crowne Plaza Abu Dhabi Yas Island
at Intercontinental Hotels Group in
-
Posted: May
4, 2014 Exp:
2 - 4
yrs.
| Opening(s): 1
Gender: Not Mentioned
Industry Type:
/
/
/
Functional Area:
/
/
/
Your Message could not be sent.
Your message has been sent
Job Description
Share
We are currently looking to recruit a Director of Food & Beverage who will be leading the Food & Beverage team and brings the success of all Restaurant Outlets, Catering & Banquet to the next level through delivering a winning guest experience.
The Director of Food & Beverage will establish and takes appropriate actions to achieve quality and guest satisfaction goals.
The Director of Food & Beverage has a thorough knowledge of the market as well as competition and ensures the compliance with all governmental regulations in terms of Food Safety.
In addition, the Director of Food & Beverage will be actively involved in the recruitment process of new F&B; team members and ensures accurate job performance appraisal & coaching procedures are in place for the entire team.
Further, the Director of Food & Beverage will be responsible to prepare the annual departmental operating budget and monthly financial plans whilst continuously controlling productivity of all outlets. Identifying additional sales opportunities that enhances the maximum revenue is one of the tasks. The Director of Food & Beverage also monitors the departmental expenses with a focus on Food & Beverage and labor cost.
Desired Candidate Profile
The right candidate should have a solid F&B; background and a minimum of 2 years experience in a similar role in a 4 or 5 star hotel. You need to be innovative and highly revenue driven with a focus on guest and colleagues satisfaction. Fluency in English with excellent administrative and organizational skills are required. Knowledge of Micros and the UAE hotel/restaurant market is an advantage. As the Food & Beverage team leader, the right candidate must be 'People Oriented' and have outstanding leadership and coaching skills.
Keyword: Director of Food & Beverage - Crowne Plaza Abu Dhabi Yas Island
|
Company Profile
Intercontinental Hotels Group
Contact Details
Website
Disclaimer: Naukrigulf.com is only a platform to bring jobseekers & employers together. Applicants are advised to research the bonafides of the prospective employer independently. We do NOT endorse any requests for money payments and strictly advice against sharing personal or bank related information.We also recommend you visit
for more information. If you suspect any fraud or malpractice, email us at
To*
From*
Subject*
Email:
Password:
Upload a latest profile photo
A CV with photo has 40% higher chances of getting noticed by employers
Upload Profile Photo
This is how your profile photo will look like.To make adjustments, you can drag around and resize the yellow dashed-square on the right panel.
When you are satisfied with your photo click the "Save Photo" button.
Browse Jobs by
Jobs By Location
Jobs By Category
Job Seekers
Recruiters
Partner Sites
Company
Information
All rights reserved © 2001-
2014 Info Edge (India) Ltd.