HouseKeeping Co-ordinator jobs in Client of Accor in Abu Dhabi - United Arab Emirates - Naukrigulf.com
Job Seekers Login:
|
HouseKeeping Co-ordinator
at Client of Accor in
-
Posted: May
4, 2014 Exp:
1 - 2
yrs.
| Opening(s): 1
Education: Basic - Other(Other)
Gender: Not Mentioned
Industry Type:
/
Functional Area:
/
/
/
Your Message could not be sent.
Your message has been sent
Job Description
Share
To Be Responsible For Lost & Found Along with The Asst. HK Managers
• To prepare attendance records as per standard.
• To submit to the payroll department overtime, time off, time in and absenteeism in time
• To ensure that the monthly budget allocation is inline, and check the situation with Housekeeping management on a daily basis
• To maintain and update employees files to include: disciplinary records, vacation forms, attendance forms, absenteeism and letter of recommendation from guest.
• To establish and maintain a filing system and keep updated files for: management information, purchasing system and as directed by the Executive Housekeeper "
" • To type for housekeeping management as required.
• To assist the department with inventory and ordering of supplies
• To assist with telephones answering and message taking in a professional manner.
• To handle all incoming and outgoing correspondence to the agreed standard.
• To be responsible for maintenance follow up and correct compilations maintenance request forms.
• To maintain stationary supplies and requisite guest supplies for the Housekeeping office.
• To maintain adequate supplies of all Housekeeping master copies.
• To maintain training records and liaise between staff and training department.
• To make store requisition, collect store items on weekly and deliver them to Housekeeping store room.
"
Desired Candidate Profile
Level of Education
Vocational education
Areas of study
Other
Professional experiences
1 to 2 years
Languages essential
English (Primary tongue)
Optional languages
Arab
Keyword: HouseKeeping Co-ordinator
|
Company Profile
Client of Accor
Contact Details
Website
Disclaimer: Naukrigulf.com is only a platform to bring jobseekers & employers together. Applicants are advised to research the bonafides of the prospective employer independently. We do NOT endorse any requests for money payments and strictly advice against sharing personal or bank related information.We also recommend you visit
for more information. If you suspect any fraud or malpractice, email us at
To*
From*
Subject*
Email:
Password:
Upload a latest profile photo
A CV with photo has 40% higher chances of getting noticed by employers
Upload Profile Photo
This is how your profile photo will look like.To make adjustments, you can drag around and resize the yellow dashed-square on the right panel.
When you are satisfied with your photo click the "Save Photo" button.
Browse Jobs by
Jobs By Location
Jobs By Category
Job Seekers
Recruiters
Partner Sites
Company
Information
All rights reserved © 2001-
2014 Info Edge (India) Ltd.