Food & Beverage - Conference & Banquet Operations Manager jobs in Rotana Hotel in Abu Dhabi - United Arab Emirates - Naukrigulf.com
Job Seekers Login:
|
Food & Beverage - Conference & Banquet Operations Manager
at Rotana Hotel in
-
Posted: May
4, 2014 Exp:
2 - 4
yrs.
| Opening(s): 1
Education: Basic - Bachelor of Hotel Management(Hotel Management)
Gender: Not Mentioned
Industry Type:
/
/
/
Functional Area:
/
/
/
Your Message could not be sent.
Your message has been sent
Job Description
Share
We are currently seeking for ambitious, dynamic, self motivated Food & Beverage professionals who assist to organize and direct a team that develops top quality of food & beverage products with prompt, accurate and personalized service.
As a Conference & Banquet Operations Manager you are responsible for the smooth running of whole banquet operations and to support the Food & Beverage Management on the floor in the day to day operation. Your role is to strive for the highest level of customer satisfaction and quality service while meeting / exceeding financial goals and will include key responsibilities such as:
•Assist in establishing and achieving banquet’s department annual budget forecast and exercise a constant control of the operation cost
•Conduct regular training sessions with the assigned team in line with the departmental SOP’s
•Ensure the timely set up of all Banquets’ venues according to the service settings and as outlined in the function sheets
•Coordinate all menu proposals presentations and buffet set-ups with the Executive Chef
•Enforce control procedures for all outgoing and returning operating equipment
•Prepare duty schedules, ensuring efficient workforce at all time
•Ensure that grooming standards are followed by all employees on a daily basis
•Delegate all logistic supports e.g. contracted outside work force, contracted food and beverage supplies, operating / sound equipment, transport, etc.
Desired Candidate Profile
You should be a college / university degree graduate with a minimum of two years experiences in a similar role. You must be a computer literate with effective communication skills and an excellent command of written and spoken English, along with excellent presentation skills.
Knowledge & Competencies
The ideal candidate will be a hands-on professional with a solid food & beverage background and the passion for quality and excellence. You will be outgoing, creative and eager to share your desire to achieve highest quality service standards with guests and team members and you should possess following competencies:
Understanding Hotel Operations
Effective Communication
Planning for Business
Supervising People
Understanding Differences
Supervising Operations
Teamwork
Adaptability
Customer Focus
Drive for Results
Keyword: Food & Beverage - Conference & Banquet Operations Manager
|
Contact Details
Website
Disclaimer: Naukrigulf.com is only a platform to bring jobseekers & employers together. Applicants are advised to research the bonafides of the prospective employer independently. We do NOT endorse any requests for money payments and strictly advice against sharing personal or bank related information.We also recommend you visit
for more information. If you suspect any fraud or malpractice, email us at
To*
From*
Subject*
Email:
Password:
Upload a latest profile photo
A CV with photo has 40% higher chances of getting noticed by employers
Upload Profile Photo
This is how your profile photo will look like.To make adjustments, you can drag around and resize the yellow dashed-square on the right panel.
When you are satisfied with your photo click the "Save Photo" button.
Browse Jobs by
Jobs By Location
Jobs By Category
Job Seekers
Recruiters
Partner Sites
Company
Information
All rights reserved © 2001-
2014 Info Edge (India) Ltd.