Senior Chef De Partie - Crowne Plaza Abu Dhabi Yas Island jobs in Intercontinental Hotels Group in Abu Dhabi - United Arab Emirates - Naukrigulf.com
Job Seekers Login:
|
Senior Chef De Partie - Crowne Plaza Abu Dhabi Yas Island
at Intercontinental Hotels Group in
-
Posted: May
4, 2014 Exp:
2 - 4
yrs.
| Opening(s): 1
Education: Basic - Bachelor of Hotel Management(Hotel Management)
Gender: Not Mentioned
Industry Type:
/
/
/
Functional Area:
/
/
/
Your Message could not be sent.
Your message has been sent
Job Description
Share
We are currently looking to recruit a Senior Chef De Partie to join our Kitchen team.
You will supervise and control the subordinates assigned to your shift under the direct guidance and instructions of the Executive Chef /Outlet Chef. You will also be responsible for the proper efficiency and profitable functioning of the assigned Kitchen.
You will need to be flexible with working hours and be a team player. Fluency in English is required and previous kitchen experience in a similar position is preferred.
Keyword: Senior Chef De Partie - Crowne Plaza Abu Dhabi Yas Island
|
Company Profile
Intercontinental Hotels Group
Contact Details
Website
Disclaimer: Naukrigulf.com is only a platform to bring jobseekers & employers together. Applicants are advised to research the bonafides of the prospective employer independently. We do NOT endorse any requests for money payments and strictly advice against sharing personal or bank related information.We also recommend you visit
for more information. If you suspect any fraud or malpractice, email us at
To*
From*
Subject*
Email:
Password:
Upload a latest profile photo
A CV with photo has 40% higher chances of getting noticed by employers
Upload Profile Photo
This is how your profile photo will look like.To make adjustments, you can drag around and resize the yellow dashed-square on the right panel.
When you are satisfied with your photo click the "Save Photo" button.
Browse Jobs by
Jobs By Location
Jobs By Category
Job Seekers
Recruiters
Partner Sites
Company
Information
All rights reserved © 2001-
2014 Info Edge (India) Ltd.