Housekeeping Attendant jobs in Client of Accor in Abu Dhabi - United Arab Emirates - Naukrigulf.com
Job Seekers Login:
|
Housekeeping Attendant
at Client of Accor in
-
Posted: May
4, 2014 Exp:
1 - 2
yrs.
| Opening(s): 1
Education: Basic - Diploma(Vocational Course)
Gender: Not Mentioned
Industry Type:
/
Functional Area:
/
/
/
Your Message could not be sent.
Your message has been sent
Job Description
Share
To report to exec-housekeeper with proper uniforms for daily briefs instruction.
• Responsible to collect floor keys ( to be returned after furnished the duty )
• Responsible to collect room’s assignment to floor supervisor or to Exec-Housekeeper.
• Responsible to the orderly setup of linens, towels as well as the stationery supplies and cleaning chemicals to their respective trolley.
• To ensure the checked out rooms to be given priority prior to the arrival of the incoming guest.
• To ensure all rooms areas, corridors and pantries as well as the service pantry toilet are keeps clean and tidy at all time.
• Responsible to collect cleaning materials and guest supplies in housekeeping store.
• Responsible to check room assigned either vacant or occupied especially the occupied DND rooms.
• To ensure the VIP rooms was given special treatment prior to the arrival of the guest.
• Is prepared to implement assigned tasks during emergencies such as fire and bomb threats.
• Responsible for cleaning and polishing shoes as requested by guests.
• Removes room service trays or trolleys from guest’s rooms.
• Responsible to separate any torn linen encountered and bring down to the linen room at the end of the shift.
• Ensures that the workplace remains clean and tidy by always respecting HACCP regulations
• Respects the instructions and safety guidelines for equipment used
• Applies the hotel's security regulations (in case of fire etc)
• Respects the hotel's commitment
Desired Candidate Profile
Level of Education
Vocational education
Areas of study
Hospitality
Professional experiences
1 to 2 years
Languages essential
English (Primary tongue)
Keyword:
|
Company Profile
Client of Accor
Contact Details
Website
Disclaimer: Naukrigulf.com is only a platform to bring jobseekers & employers together. Applicants are advised to research the bonafides of the prospective employer independently. We do NOT endorse any requests for money payments and strictly advice against sharing personal or bank related information.We also recommend you visit
for more information. If you suspect any fraud or malpractice, email us at
To*
From*
Subject*
Email:
Password:
Upload a latest profile photo
A CV with photo has 40% higher chances of getting noticed by employers
Upload Profile Photo
This is how your profile photo will look like.To make adjustments, you can drag around and resize the yellow dashed-square on the right panel.
When you are satisfied with your photo click the "Save Photo" button.
Browse Jobs by
Jobs By Location
Jobs By Category
Job Seekers
Recruiters
Partner Sites
Company
Information
All rights reserved © 2001-
2014 Info Edge (India) Ltd.