Patient Access Representative, Appointment Scheduler and Others Jobs in Cleveland Clinic Abu Dhabi, Abu Dhabi, UAE | JI138344
Job Seeker Login:
|
If you're looking to post a job or searching resumes, go to our employer website
Patient Access Representative, Appointment Scheduler and Others Jobs in Abu Dhabi, UAE
Company Name
Cleveland Clinic Abu Dhabi
Company Industry
Medical/Healthcare
Job Functional Area
,
Job Title
Patient Access Representative, Appointment Scheduler and Others
Job Location
,
Posted on
May 05, 2014
Job Description
Now recruiting:
Cleveland Clinic Abu Dhabi, brought to you by Mubadala Healthcare, is a world-class multispecialty hospital being built in Abu Dhabi that will bring more than 30 medical and surgical specialties across 12 Institutes.
We are looking for talented UAE National and Expatriate team players who have a passion to put 'patients first' and who are looking to grow and develop their career in a dynamic healthcare organization.
Patient Access Services:
- Patient Access Representative I
- Patient Access Representative II
Contact Center:
- Appointment Scheduler
- Patient Information Specialist/Operator
Administration:
- Executive Secretary
- Secretary
Hospitality Services:
- Patient & Guest Services
- Associate
Benefits:
- An attractive compensation package, including allowances and benefits
- Health & Life Insurance coverageApply Instructions for This Job
To apply now and join our dynamic team, please visit:
www.clevelandclinicabudhabi.ae
Only applications submitted online will be accepted.Find Similar Jobs committed professionals:
1- Project Manager (Civil):
- 10 to 15 Year Experience
2- Construction Manager (Civil):
- 5 to 10 year Experience
3- Office Secretary/R ... Male Office Assistant. ... Chemical Company requires two R&D Chemists for their manufacturing unit in RAK.
Location: Drilling Fluids Plant, RAK, UAE
Preference: Candidates with good experie ... Hospital or healthcare facilities).
2- HR Executive:
(Minimum 3 years experience in all HR functions and preferred worked in any Hospital or Healthcare facilities ... updates.
Requirement:
The incumbent should have Bachelor's degree with 2 years relevant experience preferably having training and/or experience in relevant field. ...
More Jobs
,
, ,
, Find Relevant Functional Area Jobs, , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
* Your Full Name:
* Your Email Address:
* Friends' Email Addresses:
[Separate email addresses with comma, max 3 emails at a time]
Job Title:
Patient Access Representative, Appointment Scheduler and Others
Add Note (Optional):
Log in to save this job, and find the jobs you saved already! If you are new at Careermidway.com, please
Email Address:
Password:
Enter your email address. You will receive a notification email with details on login information.
Enter email address
Post Comments on this Job
Relevant comments on this job are highly appreciated.
Please use personal name or nickname rather keywords in the name field.
Comments filling the fields with anchor text to spam this site and search engines may be edited, have URLs removed, or deleted entirely.
Your Name:
Your Email:
Show Email:
Check this to show your email address alongwith your name/comments.
Your Comments:
Enter Code*:
International Jobs
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
© Copyright 2014 All rights reserved Careermidway.com
|
|
|
|