Larsen & Toubro Ltd - Sales Engineer- Abu dhabi (Arab Nationals ) ,
Abu Dhabi
Check your inbox to know about employers who showed interest in your profileSee the names of companies who view your resume, Consider your resume and Contacted with you.Seeker Services Learning Center About XpressResume+Put Your Career in Gear with Monster Career Services. We have got: to help you knock out the competition by showcasing your most marketable skills and strengths with a strategically written resume. to let you determine your personality, career & areas of improvement.
Career Advice Stand out from the job searching crowd with a unique combination of skills, experience, attributes and career advice from Monster. Monster helps you formulate better career decisions by offering numerous career tips for a successful job interview, resume creation, salary and much more.In addition, we have recently introduced interesting and informative sections like
and
to help you stay in step with job trends and accelerate your self-learning.
Job Summary
Company Name
Larsen & Toubro Ltd
Locations
Abu Dhabi
Nationality
Comoros, Western Sahara, Syrian Arab Republic, Som...
Experience
3 - 5 years
Keywords / Skills
Sales
Education
Bachelor's Degree
Function
Sales/ Business Development
Role
Sales Engineer
Industry
Automotive/ Ancillaries
Posted On
5th May 2014
Job Ref code
001lteafze
Share this job
Rate this job
Sales Engineer- Abu dhabi (Arab Nationals )
Larsen & Toubro Ltd
Share this job
Apply
Job Description
Responsible for order booking from customers in Oil & Gas client in Abudhabi including –
Tracking ongoing opportunities and converting them to orders. Look for new business opportunities and creating a healthy enquiry funnel Ensuring project / opportunity wise end client approval.           ·     Identify major promotion opportunities in the region viz Exhibitions /Conferences and plan / implement participation. ·         Organize, plan & implement vertical / applications specific symposiums /seminars ·         Participate in other industry forums Engage in Techno-commercial discussions with customers
Key Skill(s)
About Company Electrical & Automation
Apply Without Registration
For Jobs Seekers
Jobs By Functions
Jobs By Location
About Our Site
© 2012 Monster - All Rights Reserved - U.S. Patent No. 5,832,497 - NYSE:
Toll Free No.: 8000177030, Toll No.: +91 40 6611 6993 / +91 40 3057 6993, Email ID: