Petrophysicist jobs in Al Maharah Oilfield & Recruitment Services L.L.C in Abu Dhabi - United Arab Emirates - Naukrigulf.com
Job Seekers Login:
|
Petrophysicist
at Al Maharah Oilfield & Recruitment Services L.L.C in
-
Posted: May
5, 2014 Exp:
8 - 15
yrs.
| Opening(s): 1
Education: Basic - Bachelor of Technology/Engineering(Mechanical)
Nationality: Any Nationality
Gender: Male
Industry Type:
/
Functional Area:
Your Message could not be sent.
Your message has been sent
Job Description
Share
Vacancy:
Petrophysicist
Urgently required for Oil & Gas industry Sector in Abu Dhabi
Minimum Requirements:-
•	Bachelor Degree in Petroleum or Electrical or Mechanical Engineering.
•	8 years experience in cased hole logging tools and their interpretation.
•	Exposure to well integrity evaluation and problem diagnosis, preferable, strong knowledge about Petroleum Engineering standards, specially the well integrity engineering and operations
•	Very good knowledge of English
Job Purpose :-
•	Develops effective logging programs for precise evaluation/diagnosis of the well integrity parameters/ problems
•	Performs the interpretation of acquired log data and provide WI team with expert recommendation
•	Follows up the execution of remedial actions to ensure the integrity compliance of all wells\\
•	Reviews existing and new developed technologies for possible applications in improving / analyzing WI problems/ solutions
Please send your detailed CV, showing your Date of Birth, Nationality & Passport No., to our e-mail address
shelmest@emirates.net.ae
Keyword:
|
Company Profile
We are manpower consultant based in Abu Dhabi and providing manpower to Oil & Gas Industry Sector in Abu Dhabi since 1990.
Contact Details
Name/ Designation: Mali - HR Admin.
Reference CodeJD090-03-143
Disclaimer: Naukrigulf.com is only a platform to bring jobseekers & employers together. Applicants are advised to research the bonafides of the prospective employer independently. We do NOT endorse any requests for money payments and strictly advice against sharing personal or bank related information.We also recommend you visit
for more information. If you suspect any fraud or malpractice, email us at
To*
From*
Subject*
Email:
Password:
Upload a latest profile photo
A CV with photo has 40% higher chances of getting noticed by employers
Upload Profile Photo
This is how your profile photo will look like.To make adjustments, you can drag around and resize the yellow dashed-square on the right panel.
When you are satisfied with your photo click the "Save Photo" button.
Browse Jobs by
Jobs By Location
Jobs By Category
Job Seekers
Recruiters
Partner Sites
Company
Information
All rights reserved © 2001-
2014 Info Edge (India) Ltd.