Provincial Surveillance Officer - Punjab job - United Nations Pakistan - Lahore | Indeed.com.pk
What:
Where:
job title, keywords or company
city or province
Provincial Surveillance Officer - Punjab
United Nations Pakistan
-
Lahore
Terms of Reference
Provincial Surveillance Officer
Under the technical supervision of the Provincial Team Leader for Polio, and under the overall supervision of the WHO Representative and in close collaboration with the WHO Medical Officer, the Provincial Surveillance Officer will undertake the following duties:
1. Coordinate WHO provincial in all aspects of surveillance for acute flaccid paralysis (AFP), measles and MNT in the province. Specifically:
1.1. To plan and conduct regular/periodic visits to provinces of concern (based on the data/information) to review AFP, measles, and MNT surveillance data and to train district polio eradication officers
1.2. To assure a line list of AFP cases is maintained by each district and an updated list is sent to the province each week, and that a computerized line list of all cases from each district is maintained in the province and provided to the Federal level weekly
1.3. To conduct quarterly meetings with district Polio Eradication Officers
1.4. To compile surveillance indicators for each province for use in improving AFP, measles and MNT surveillance
2. Participate in meetings of provincial expert committee to review AFP cases, requiring expert review.
3. Assist in coordinating surveillance activities with NGOs and other groups working with minority populations such as within Afghan refugee camps.
4. Participate in the planning and implementation of AFP surveillance training workshops within the province for Ministry of Health staff, private sector health care practitioners, NGOs and district polio eradication officers in the province.
5. Coordinate the activities of provincial polio eradication officers with the Provincial Polio Team Leader and Provincial EPI manager and provide frequent updates of surveillance information.
6. Support the environmental surveillance for polioviruses including: a) providing assistance to the districts in the selection of the sites for environmental surveillance; in coordination with the National Technical Team; b) monitor the receipt of the samples as per schedule; while keeping liaise with the national level; and c) provide feedback to the provinces.
7. Undertake other relevant activities as directed by the supervisor.
8. Assist in preparing performing / preparing situational analyses and reports for the advisory bodies and other organizations / institutions.
9. To collect, review, summarize, analyze and the monthly reports of field technical staff and provide: a) summary to the provincial team leader; and b) technical feedback to the report originators.
10. Conduct any urgently needed field visits, and cover the exceptional shortage of WHO technical field activity.
11. Prepare regular programme reports and follow-up documentation of special activities for eradication of polio. Collect and collate provincial performance monthly report and review with the Provincial Polio Eradication Officer for submission to the federal office.
12. Assist in maintaining regular contact with the partner organizations / bodies for polio eradication
Required Skills
No-Objection certificate from parent department for candidates in government service
Candidates will have to reside at the place of duty station incase he/she is selected
Excellent written communication skills in English, Urdu and local languages
Knowledge of computers including Microsoft Offices applications
United Nations PAkistan
- 6 hours ago
-
save job
-
»
Recommended Jobs
UN -
Lahore
UN - 6 hours ago
For jobs in the United States, please visit
-
-
-
©2014 Indeed -