BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT SALES CONSULTANT - ABU DHABI ,
Abu Dhabi
Check your inbox to know about employers who showed interest in your profileSee the names of companies who view your resume, Consider your resume and Contacted with you.Seeker Services Learning Center About XpressResume+Put Your Career in Gear with Monster Career Services. We have got: to help you knock out the competition by showcasing your most marketable skills and strengths with a strategically written resume. to let you determine your personality, career & areas of improvement.
Career Advice Stand out from the job searching crowd with a unique combination of skills, experience, attributes and career advice from Monster. Monster helps you formulate better career decisions by offering numerous career tips for a successful job interview, resume creation, salary and much more.In addition, we have recently introduced interesting and informative sections like
and
to help you stay in step with job trends and accelerate your self-learning.
Job Summary
Company Name
Company Name Confidential
Locations
Abu Dhabi
Nationality
Australia, Canada, Ireland, South Africa, United K...
Experience
10 - 20 years
Keywords / Skills
financial, business development, consultative sales, account management, client relationship management, brokerage, investment and mortgage
Education
High School or Equivalent
Function
• Sales/ Business Development • Banking, Insurance & Financial Services
Role
• Sales Exec/ Sales Representative • Relationship Mgr/ Account Servicing • Business Development Manager • Investment Advisor
Industry
• Banking/ Financial Services • Consultancy
Posted On
5th May 2014
Share this job
Rate this job
BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT SALES CONSULTANT - ABU DHABI
Company Name Confidential
Share this job
Apply
Job Description The role is a predominantly client facing and a consultative approach
within the fast paced, lucrative and challenging arena of private client management.Training and qualifications to CISI level are provided from the world’s largest
financial advisory whilst industry leading products and solutions are
exclusively available through market leaders such as Morgan Stanley, JP Morgan
and Goldman Sachs.Candidates are expected to be driven, self-motivated professionals with
experience of either financial, business development, consultative sales,
account management, client relationship management, brokerage, investment or mortgage
backgrounds. High levels of customer service are a prerequisite.
Key Skill(s)
Apply Without Registration
For Jobs Seekers
Jobs By Functions
Jobs By Location
About Our Site
© 2012 Monster - All Rights Reserved - U.S. Patent No. 5,832,497 - NYSE:
Toll Free No.: 8000177030, Toll No.: +91 40 6611 6993 / +91 40 3057 6993, Email ID: