UAE: High School Art - Certified Teachers - IAT - August 2014
Teaching Jobs Abroad: Paid Teaching Jobs Abroad in Abu Dhabi, Hong Kong, China, Korea
Teaching Jobs Abroad
English teaching jobs Board
Footprints Recruiting Teaching Jobs Overseas.
Click on a job for further information and application instructions.
Jobs in Asia:
Jobs in Middle East:
|
|
Option 1: Create a New Profile
Option 2: Login and Apply
Username
Password
Job Description
Job Title
UAE: High School Art - Certified Teachers - IAT - August 2014
Description
Resident High School Art Teachers Needed, be creative in the UAE!This is an amazing opportunity for educators certified to teach high school art! The Institute of Applied Technology has campuses located across the Emirates and, while their focus is educating future scientists, engineers and technicians, they’ve decided to offer students courses in art and design. This is a brand new position with IAT and will afford teachers the opportunity to help mold and guide this program from inception. In other words, you’re literally being handed a blank canvas-working alongside other expat teachers and collaborating with IAT management, to ensure this initiative is a success. You will be teaching high school and college age students and helping prepare them for post-secondary institutions. You will be teaching all courses in English to native Arabic speakers, helping to enhance their learning through art and the integration of ICT in the classroom. This unique experience could very well end up being your masterpiece! Teaching job benefits competitive salary starting at 13,000 AED per month (with a Master’s this amount could be more) housing allowance (amount depends on city and marital status) health insurance for yourself, spouse and up to 3 dependent children under the age of 18 years old 20,000 AED relocation allowance if moving from overseas 42 Paid Vacation Days Per Year tuition fee reimbursement of up to 80,000 AED per year for dependent children. annual travel allowance and flights to UAE fully covered
Required Skills
1-3 years of experience in field based on proven experience in a reputable institute/school.	 Industry experience in the subject area is preferred.Bachelor degree in the curricular subject from a recognized university.	Masters degree is preferred,Teaching
Certificate/Diploma from a recognized university or equivalent.
Pay Range
$3,500.00 Monthly
to $5,400.00 Monthly
Option 1: Create a New Profile
Option 2: Login and Apply
Username
Password
Find Teaching Jobs in:
Hot Jobs
Founded by two English teachers, we began placing
university graduates in teaching positions in safe, reputable English institutes and government programs worldwide.
>
Vancouver Office500 - 55 Water Street,Vancouver, BC, V6B 1A1Phone 1-888-677-3166+1 (604) 677-6556