Executive Sous Chef with Millennium & Copthorne - MILLENNIUM ABU DHABI | 10879687
Jobseekers
|
Jobseekers
Executive Sous Chef
Abu Dhabi, UAE
Competitive
Full job details
Recruiter
Millennium & Copthorne - MILLENNIUM ABU DHABI
Posted
05/05/2014 11:48:00
Ref
ESC
Location
Abu Dhabi, UAE
Job Type
Chefs, Sous Chef
Sector
Hotel
Job Level
Management
Specific Duties and Responsibilities:
1.1       Assist with the development and implementation of training program for all kitchen staff.
1.2       Train and check on a regular basis all kitchen staff.
1.3       Participate in the annual review of all staff salaries.
1.4       Schedule working hours of all kitchen staff, taking into consideration volume of expected business but being careful at all times to conserve labor cost. Authorize overtime if warranted by the unexpected business.
1.5       Assign in detail specific duties to all under his supervision and instruct them in their work.
1.6       Insist on personal cleanliness and proper discipline of all employees at all times.
1.7       Ensure that all staff concerned have a clear understanding and are trained with regards to fire/evacuation procedures, emergency procedures and all other house rules/regulations as laid down in the employee handbook. Ensure that all employees receive job description and work in accordance with standards that are set.
1.8       To be familiar with all work care legislation and ensure that all incidences and accidents are correctly recorded on the appropriate form and reported immediately to the Personnel Manager. To ensure that all staff carrying out their duties in a safe manner at all times.
1.9       Assist with planning and design of menus.
1.10    Assist Executive Chef specifying standards of food production and presentation throughout the Hotel.
1.11    Assist Executive Chef in developing standards recipes and method of preparation for use throughout the hotel.
1.12    Provide the Purchasing Manager with specification for the purchase of food and equipment.
1.13    Check food supplies on a regular basis to ensure that they conform to the quality and standards laid down by the hotel.
1.14    In the absence of the Executive Chef, responsible for the purchasing of any foodstuff, in conjunction with the Purchasing Manager and for making sure the best quality for the best price is obtained. Commission or perks are prohibited at all times.
1.15    Bring to the attention of the Executive Chef any situations where hygiene is considered to be below standards.
1.16    Coordinate closely with the Chief Steward and kitchen staff to ensure all kitchen and machinery/utensils are properly cleaned according to the hotel’s standards.
1.17    Actively participate with the Executive Chef and Director of F&B on monthly kitchen inspection.
1.18    Coordinate with the Chief Engineer to regularly maintain and service all machines.
1.19    Work closely with the Executive Chef in determining quality and quantity of food materials to be purchased and prepared. Keep a close watch over all materials used with a view of eliminating waste and spoilage, especially for meat, vegetables, fish, and perishables in general, etc.
1.20    Responsible for the quality of all food prepared in the kitchen. Check constantly for taste, temperature, preparation and visual appeal. Make sure that all dishes are uniform and that established portion sizes are adhered to.
1.21    Be careful in preventing food spoilage in any phase of food preparation and prevent employees who are ill or suffering from an infection taking part in the preparation or handling of food.
1.22    Be constantly on the alert for new products, trends that may improve quality of food of lower food cost or both. Make suggestion to the Executive Chef concerning improvements that would create more satisfied customers and/ or increase volume of business or profit for the hotel.
1.23    Assist with the planning and design of new kitchens and kitchen improvement schemes.
1.24    Advise on choice of kitchen equipment.
1.25    Keep abreast of new developments, techniques and equipment.
1.26    Assist with the costing and pricing of menus and other food services taking into consideration the profit margins laid down in the hotel’s budgets.
1.27    Investigate food costs problem with a view to taking whatever corrective action may be necessary.
1.28    Ensure that soiled or damaged serving utensils are not put into use, watching particularly for cracked or chipped china and glassware and ensure that all staff is aware of this procedure.
1.29    Regularly check and inspect all equipment located in the kitchen area.
1.30    Make every attempt to prevent damages or loses.
1.31    Maintain the policies and procedures and actively participate in forming policy and procedures of Millennium Hotel.
1.32    Ensure that job is done according to standard operating procedures and employee handbook.
1.33    Maintain a high standard of hygiene and grooming clean uniform, name badge, well shined black shoes, black clean socks (men), neat hair, clean shaven (men), clean hands and short finger nails, wearing of jewelry and make-up as per S.O.P. and employee handbook.
1.34    Follow hotel timekeeping procedures has to be present 15 minutes before scheduled starting time, on request work split shift, work any days including weekends and public holidays and do overtime as requested in accordance with H.R. policies.
1.35    Check on a regular basis the cleanliness of outlets and working areas.
1.36    Maintain the highest level of guest satisfaction and standard of service, strive for perfection and excellence to make Millennium Hotel the leading 5 star property.
1.37    Any reasonable request of department management.
1.38    Be always aware that you represent the hotel to our guests and the
community.
1.39    Be motivated to increase departmental revenue.
1.40    Work in awareness of and according to departmental budgeted costs.
1.41    Handle hotel assets and all equipment with utmost care and maintain in best conditions.
Requirements:
European/Western background
Previous experience in Western cuisine
5-star property background
Share this job
Catererglobal.com is a trademark of Totaljobs Group Ltd. © 2013 Copyright and database rights Totaljobs Group Ltd.Powered by .