Sales Executive with Millennium & Copthorne - MILLENNIUM ABU DHABI | 10868171
Jobseekers
|
Jobseekers
Sales Executive
Abu Dhabi, UAE
Competitive
Full job details
Recruiter
Millennium & Copthorne - MILLENNIUM ABU DHABI
Posted
05/05/2014 11:30:00
Ref
Location
Abu Dhabi, UAE
Job Type
Sales & Marketing, Sales Executive
Sector
Hotel
Job Level
Non-Management
Your job responsibilities are going to be:
To prospect, to obtain and maintain commercial / travel / convention business on behalf of Millennium Hotel Abu Dhabi.  To keep the Director of Sales updated  by providing  a steady flow of information regarding the market trends and  relevant client feedback to Director of Sales for decision making.
1.    Specific and Responsibilities:
1.1       Achieve monthly budget goals and new business targets.
1.2       Set up and maintain good working relationship with all other areas of the hotel’s operations, such as Front Office, Food and Beverage, Accounting, Reservations etc.
1.3       Prospect by telemarketing to establish territories.
1.4       Establish and maintain corporate accounts with clients.
1.5       Follow-up with clients before, during and after the function/event/stay to ensure repeat business.
1.6       Make reservations on behalf of clients.
1.7       Follow-up clients who utilise property.
1.8       Handle complaints and pass to Director of Sales.
1.9       Follow-up leads provided by Global Sales Offices.
1.10    Research and present lost business reports at the Monthly Sales Meetings.
1.11    Travel though-out GCC countries areas and internationally when necessary.
1.12    Provide Director of Sales with sales report.
1.13    Provide Banqueting Department with any leads received through corporate clients.
1.14    Attend various trade shows, functions as when required.
1.15    Maintain familiarity with analyse the competition from other hotels which will be designated.
1.16    Contribute to overall market plan for Millennium Hotel Abu Dhabi.
Key skills and experience:
Education: College Graduate/ diploma holder (preferably Business or Marketing    Management/ Hotel & Restaurant Management)
Experience:Minimum of 1-2 years experience in the same capacity from a four or five - star property, preferably in the UAE
Skills:
Valid UAE driving license
Excellent communication skills (multi-lingual is an advantage)
Proficient in computer
Excellent interpersonal skills
Presentation and negotiation skills
Share this job
Catererglobal.com is a trademark of Totaljobs Group Ltd. © 2013 Copyright and database rights Totaljobs Group Ltd.Powered by .