QUALITY MANAGER - ISO Certified - SGS HUMAN RESOURCES CORPORATION
QUALITY MANAGER - ISO Certified  -
QUALITY MANAGER - ISO Certified
Responsibilities
Candidate must possess at least a Bachelor's/College Degree.At least 2 year(s) of working experience in the related field is required for this position.Applicants must be willing to work in Abu Dhabi.Preferably Male 23-45 years old.5 Full-Time position(s) available.   KEY ACCOUNTABILITIES: Responsible for all QA/QC related functions such as Quality Assurance of all incoming raw materials, in-process checks and inspections, and testing of the final product according to the in-house as well as relevant standard specifications.Coordinate with Sales & Marketing to meet their requirements, test reports, etc.Manage ISO, WCM, and other best practices in Laboratory.To attend Market Complaints, to find the root cause & countermeasures, and to advice the Marketing and Production Department about Quality issues.Closely work with Production Department and give information / advice on how to improve the quality of the final product.  JOB PURPOSE: To ensure the incoming raw materials and finished products meet the standard specifications for In-process Quality & Process Control.To maintain all the documents and certifications like ISO, Emirates Quality Marks, Exova, etc.To ensure the processes needed for the Quality Management System (QMS) are established, implemented and maintained.To report to the top management on the performance of the QMS and any need for improvement.To ensure the promotion on awareness of customer requirements throughout the organization.  Kindly download / open the attached SGS Format Application Form http://dl.sgshumanresources.com/SGScv.doc , encode the details needed with complete information and send it back once accomplished. Please note that this resume will be submitted to the employer for their review so please elaborate on your job descriptions (duties and responsibilities).  Inform them to send their resumes to kate@sgshumanresources.com. Or you can visit our SGS office located at:Suite 504-505 PASDA Mansions, #77 Panay Avenue Corner Timog Avenue, Quezon City Bring with you the following documents: • Updated resume with detailed job description / duties and responsibilities• 2 pieces 2x2 photo or passport size photo with white background• Employment certificates• Trainings and seminars certificate related to the job you are applying for• Photocopy of your passport• School Credentials (diploma, transcript of records, form 137, etc.)
Requirements
Company Overview
Our company as an overseas recruitment agency is duly licensed by the Department of Labor and Employment, the Philippine Overseas Administration and registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Our company is in its four years of existence and continues to expand its operation globally. We were successful in establishing our alliance in USA, CANADA, AUSTRALIA, SAUDI ARABIA, UNITED ARAB EMIRATES and JAPAN. Our company may sounds new, but the people behind it have been in the recruitment industry for a long time and made recruitment their lifetime career. We know the business and we are devoted to it.
Why Join Us?
United Arab Emirates - Abu dhabi
Min 2 years (Assistant Manager / Manager)
Job DetailsPlacement Type: For Manpower Pooling OnlyPlacement Fee: Not RequiredProspective Principal: United Arab Emirates
Location MapRm 504 PASDA Mansion,#77 Panay Avenue,cor Timog Avenue,Quezon City
Post Your Comments or Questions
|  Advertised: 05-May-14  |  Closing Date: 04-Jul-14
>
> ,
• Copyright © 2014