Food & Beverage - Bartender jobs in Rotana Hotel in Abu Dhabi - United Arab Emirates - Naukrigulf.com
Job Seekers Login:
|
Food & Beverage - Bartender
at Rotana Hotel in
-
Posted: May
2, 2014 Exp:
2 - 3
yrs.
| Opening(s): 1
Education: Basic - Bachelor of Hotel Management(Hotel Management)
Gender: Not Mentioned
Industry Type:
/
/
/
Functional Area:
/
/
/
Your Message could not be sent.
Your message has been sent
Job Description
Share
We are currently looking for young,
dynamic,
self motivated Food & Beverage professionals who want to move their careers forward.
As a Bartender you are responsible to provide the highest level of hospitality when preparing and providing beverages and your role will include key responsibilities such as:
•Perform all necessary tasks to service beverages according to the standard of performance manual of the hotel
•Achieve total guest satisfaction and organizational profitability through effective utilization of all resources
•Delight the guest by offering trend setting and innovative products and services and contribute to sales activities and assist in maximizing revenue
•Set up the bar and prepare all mise-en-place for service
•Clean the bar and all equipment to the required standards and maintain this cleanliness throughout service
•Extend prompt services to all guests and treat guests and colleagues in a polite and courteous manner.
Desired Candidate Profile
Education,
Qualifications & Experiences
You should ideally have a diploma / degree in hospitality or a vocational training in food & beverage and a minimum of one year experience in Bar Operations. Excellent command of English and additional skills,
like guest service and interpersonal are essentials. Flamboyant and bar tending skills coupled with thorough knowledge about all types of wines,
liquor and cocktails are a definite plus and at least slightly expected.
Knowledge & Competencies
The ideal candidate will be hands-on with a true passion for people and service along with a positive and pleasant attitude. You will thrive working in a busy environment and stay calm under pressure,
have attention to details and should possess following competencies:
Understanding the Job
Taking Responsibility
Recognizing Differences
Customer Focus
Customer Focus
Adaptability
Teamwork
Keyword: Food & Beverage - Bartender
|
Company Profile
Rotana Hotel
Contact Details
Website
Disclaimer: Naukrigulf.com is only a platform to bring jobseekers & employers together. Applicants are advised to research the bonafides of the prospective employer independently. We do NOT endorse any requests for money payments and strictly advice against sharing personal or bank related information.We also recommend you visit
for more information. If you suspect any fraud or malpractice, email us at
To*
From*
Subject*
Email:
Password:
Upload a latest profile photo
A CV with photo has 40% higher chances of getting noticed by employers
Upload Profile Photo
This is how your profile photo will look like.To make adjustments, you can drag around and resize the yellow dashed-square on the right panel.
When you are satisfied with your photo click the "Save Photo" button.
Browse Jobs by
Jobs By Location
Jobs By Category
Job Seekers
Recruiters
Partner Sites
Company
Information
All rights reserved © 2001-
2014 Info Edge (India) Ltd.