Guest Service Agent with Sheraton Abu Dhabi Hotel & Resort | 10879262
Jobseekers
|
Jobseekers
Guest Service Agent
Abu Dhabi, AE-AZ
0
Full job details
Recruiter
Sheraton Abu Dhabi Hotel & Resort
Posted
04/05/2014 17:27:37
Ref
58565314en
Location
Abu Dhabi, AE-AZ
Job Type
Front Office, Front Office Agent
Sector
Hotel
Job Level
Non-Management
Guest Service Agent Company Starwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide, Inc. is one of the leading hotel and leisure companies in the world with over 1000 properties in more than 100 countries and 155,000 employees at its owned and managed properties. Starwood Hotels is a fully integrated owner, operator and franchisor of hotels and resorts with the following internationally renowned brands: St. Regis®, The Luxury Collection®, Sheraton®, Westin®, Four Points® by Sheraton, W®, Le Méridien® and the recently announced AloftSM and ElementSM Hotels. Starwood Hotels also owns Starwood Vacation Ownership, Inc., one of the premier developers and operators of high quality vacation interval ownership resorts. For more information, please visit www.starwoodhotels.com
Location Sheraton Abu Dhabi Hotel & Resort is a landmark in the city for its architecture and its ideal location. Prominently situated on the Abu Dhabi Corniche, featuring a natural lagoon with turquoise clear water leading to the Arabian Gulf, Sheraton Abu Dhabi Hotel & Resort offers not just luxury but is also a place of tranquillity and relaxation. The hotel is within walking distance of the shopping and commercial districts and only 40 minutes drive from the Abu Dhabi International Airport.
Department Front Office
Job Description - Welcome guests upon arrival using their names, giving them individual attention, implementing the standard check-in procedure in a friendly and professional manner- Handle new reservations, amendments, cancellation, confirmation, check-in time, check outs and guarantee reservation- Assists in pre-keying and pre-registering Guest Rooms- Handles special Guest requests such as cribs, bed boards etc- Log complaints on appropriate sheet including guests name, room number, complaint and time action was taken- Communicate correct information to the guest relating to the Hotel departments, services, facilities, etc.
Requirements - At least high school graduate- Excellent communication skills
Share this job
Catererglobal.com is a trademark of Totaljobs Group Ltd. © 2013 Copyright and database rights Totaljobs Group Ltd.Powered by .