Bellman/Doorman with Sheraton Abu Dhabi Hotel & Resort | 10879261
Jobseekers
|
Jobseekers
Bellman/Doorman
Abu Dhabi, AE-AZ
0
Full job details
Recruiter
Sheraton Abu Dhabi Hotel & Resort
Posted
04/05/2014 17:27:35
Ref
58565170en
Location
Abu Dhabi, AE-AZ
Job Type
Front Office, Concierge
Sector
Hotel
Job Level
Non-Management
Bellman/Doorman Company Starwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide, Inc. is one of the leading hotel and leisure companies in the world with over 1000 properties in more than 100 countries and 155,000 employees at its owned and managed properties. Starwood Hotels is a fully integrated owner, operator and franchisor of hotels and resorts with the following internationally renowned brands: St. Regis®, The Luxury Collection®, Sheraton®, Westin®, Four Points® by Sheraton, W®, Le Méridien® and the recentlyannounced AloftSM and ElementSM Hotels. Starwood Hotels also owns Starwood Vacation Ownership, Inc., one of the premier developers and operators of high quality vacation interval ownership resorts. For more information, please visit www.starwoodhotels.com
Location Sheraton Abu Dhabi Hotel & Resort is a landmark in the city for its architecture and its ideal location. Prominently situated on the Abu Dhabi Corniche, featuring a natural lagoon with turquoise clear water leading to the Arabian Gulf, Sheraton Abu Dhabi Hotel & Resort offers not just luxury but is also a place of tranquillity and relaxation. The hotel is within walking distance of the shopping and commercial districts and only 40 minutes drive from the Abu Dhabi International Airport.
Department Front Office
Job Description To efficiently handle guest luggage and to promptly deal with guest enquiries and requests. To assist Concierge Desk Manager as required.TASKS• Welcome guests and direct them to Reception.• To load and unload luggage from vehicles.• Open transport doors and greet guests.• Protect guests at either entrance from inclement weather.• Obtain taxes for guests or liaise with chauffeurs.• To ensure security of guest luggage and to safely store it and give guest a receipt.• Know regular guest names and requirements.• Answer guest questions and resolve guest problems.• Be aware of daily functions, events, VIP and group arrivals.
Requirements - Minimum of one year experience in similar or the same position in a 5 star hotel.- Very good English communication skills
Share this job
Catererglobal.com is a trademark of Totaljobs Group Ltd. © 2013 Copyright and database rights Totaljobs Group Ltd.Powered by .