IT Manager with Sheraton Abu Dhabi Hotel & Resort | 10879260
Jobseekers
|
Jobseekers
IT Manager
Abu Dhabi, AE-AZ
0
Full job details
Recruiter
Sheraton Abu Dhabi Hotel & Resort
Posted
04/05/2014 17:27:34
Ref
58565000en
Location
Abu Dhabi, AE-AZ
Job Type
IT, IT Manager
Sector
Hotel
Job Level
Management
IT Manager Company Starwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide, Inc. is one of the leading hotel and leisure companies in the world with over 1000 properties in more than 100 countries and 155,000 employees at its owned and managed properties. Starwood Hotels is a fully integrated owner, operator and franchisor of hotels and resorts with the following internationally renowned brands: St. Regis®, The Luxury Collection®, Sheraton®, Westin®, Four Points® by Sheraton, W®, Le Méridien® and the recentlyannounced AloftSM and ElementSM Hotels. Starwood Hotels also owns Starwood Vacation Ownership, Inc., one of the premier developers and operators of high quality vacation interval ownership resorts. For more information, please visit www.starwoodhotels.com
Location Sheraton Abu Dhabi Hotel & Resort is a landmark in the city for its architecture and its ideal location. Prominently situated on the Abu Dhabi Corniche, featuring a natural lagoon with turquoise clear water leading to the Arabian Gulf, Sheraton Abu Dhabi Hotel & Resort offers not just luxury but is also a place of tranquillity and relaxation. The hotel is within walking distance of the shopping and commercial districts and only 40 minutes drive from the Abu Dhabi International Airport.
Department IT
Job Description Position Summary:Supports the planning and implementation of all hotel systems. Ensures that all systems running within the hotel are maintained to a level that delivers the most efficient service for our customers and that they are in compliance with Starwood Hotels & Resorts standards of operation. To provide support to the users of Information Systems through direct interaction and through the identification and co-ordination of ongoing training needs.Responsible for systems management procedures and practices to ensure the optimal operating effectiveness and integrity of data.Maintain effective communications and information exchange between Hotel and Area staff to ensure optimum sharing of direction and solutions.Fulfill 7 * 24 Hour on call duties as required.Participate in the preparation of the Hotel Capital Plan and ensure that project releases for technology projects are completed as on time.
Requirements - College level/Degree holder- With minimum 3 years experience in a 5 star hotel- Positive attitude and good communication skills- Ability to work under pressure
Share this job
Catererglobal.com is a trademark of Totaljobs Group Ltd. © 2013 Copyright and database rights Totaljobs Group Ltd.Powered by .