Competency Specialist jobs in Horizon Technical Supplies Company LLC in Abu Dhabi - United Arab Emirates - Naukrigulf.com
Job Seekers Login:
|
Javascript is disabled.
Please enable javascript in your browser if you wish to apply to this job.
Apply Unsuccessful.
Your application for the job could not be completed because you have not provided the additional information requested by the Employer
Competency Specialist
at Horizon Technical Supplies Company LLC in
-
Posted: May
4, 2014 Exp:
12 - 25
yrs.
| Opening(s): 7
Education: Basic - Any Graduation
Nationality: Any Nationality
Industry Type:
/
Functional Area:
Your Message could not be sent.
Your message has been sent
Job Description
Share
JOB PURPOSE
Prepare competency development frameworks and profiles for all positions related to specific assigned skill pool /job family, in applicable formats such as CAMS/CAMS, ZADCO CAMS, CAS, PDPs, CDPs and Professional Ladder.
Responsible
to provide Expert support and advice to MDCD & MDLE Teams
and troubleshoot issues in implementation of the competence development frameworks related to assigned discipline and supporting training matrix.
PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTABILITIES
* Prepare and enhance
competency development frameworks (CAMS,
ZADCO CAMS, CAS, and
PDPs) for assigned discipline(s), identifying the required critical competencies and
proficiency levels for each competency element in the framework.
* Ensure that the competency development framework is aligned with the target position Job requirement. Make necessary additions, amendments and enhancements to ensure its relevance to target positions.
* Prepare detailed behavior and performance criteria for each competency element,
as well as the required training courses
and on job real work assignments
to successfully achieve each competency element in the development framework.
* Develop and maintain a comprehensive database / inventory of real work tasks relevant for all positions in the assigned discipline and arrange to input the same in the
Oracle Learning Management System (OLM), for automatic generation of individualized personal development plans.
* Facilitate implementation of the
assigned discipline
Frameworks
by converting the programs in OLM format and automating the learning management for
all newly recruited employees, and providing support and
expertise guidance
to MD Teams for consistent and effective implementation of the assigned framework.
* Prepare, review and enhance Professional Ladders for assigned disciplines and Job families to enable continuous strengthening of competencies of the operational
employees.
* Prepare,
review and enhance the Career Development Programs (CDPs) and Competency Profiles (Standards) for all positions under assigned discipline.
* Conduct training and workshops for
development and familiarization and provide expertise guidance and support to MD Advisors/Instructors/Coaches and Assessors/Verifiers in implementing the assigned competency development framework and troubleshoot implementation issues.
* Keep up to date with latest innovations in competency development and management systems.
Participate in International Conferences and Seminars as Attendee and Speaker.
* Deliver training courses on assigned technical discipline as and when required.
* Provide input for reviewing the effectiveness of the
assigned DFW.
* Provide input in preparation of ADNOC People Dev. KPI & Organization Capability KPI reports.
Keyword: Competency
|
Additional Information for this Job
Employer has requested some additional information along with your
Application for this Job* Mandatory fields
*
Q1:
Do you have 8 years of experience as a professional Engineer or Geo-scientist or Similar Roles ?
Yes
No
*
Q2:
Do you have a minimum 4 years experience as an Instructor/Coach/Assessor ?
Yes
No
Company Profile
A leading Recruitment Firm based in Abu Dhabi
Contact Details
Name/ Designation: Mustafa Ahmed - General Manager
Website
Disclaimer: Naukrigulf.com is only a platform to bring jobseekers & employers together. Applicants are advised to research the bonafides of the prospective employer independently. We do NOT endorse any requests for money payments and strictly advice against sharing personal or bank related information.We also recommend you visit
for more information. If you suspect any fraud or malpractice, email us at
To*
From*
Subject*
Email:
Password:
Upload a latest profile photo
A CV with photo has 40% higher chances of getting noticed by employers
Upload Profile Photo
This is how your profile photo will look like.To make adjustments, you can drag around and resize the yellow dashed-square on the right panel.
When you are satisfied with your photo click the "Save Photo" button.
Browse Jobs by
Jobs By Location
Jobs By Category
Job Seekers
Recruiters
Partner Sites
Company
Information
All rights reserved © 2001-
2014 Info Edge (India) Ltd.