Lead Civil Structural Engineer
Lead Civil Structural Engineer
Location:  --Abu Dhabi
Salary:  Mobilisation/ Demobilisation flights and visaAir Energi are recruiting for a Lead Civil / Structural Engineer to be based in Abu Dhabi on a 3 month extendable contract.
This position is urgent and is required to start ASAP so candidates should ideally be available and not working to able to start the position within 2 weeks.
-You must pay for your own accommodation/ transport/ living costs in Abu Dhabi
-Flights (mob/ de-mob) and visa will be provided
-Working week is 48 hours per week; 5 days per week. You will only be paid for days worked.
Job Specification
Primary Objective
To support a Pre-FEED study for a very large onshore project
Specific Accountabilities
Review earlier pre-feed study report and make the validation report
Studying various option of site grading to optimize the cost
Review of foundation system for the very large storage tanks and propose most appropriate foundation system
Estimating the quantum of civil/structural works to facilitate cost estimate
Input to cost estimate
Exposure in feasibility study related works
Experience in preparation of design basis and construction specifications
Adherence to committed schedule.
Technical competence of personnel.
Interdisciplinary communication development
Exposure in International standards related to design of roads, drainages, culverts etc
Designed, Reviewed and approved layouts for site grading works including estimation of earth work quantity
Designed, Reviewed and approved the road layouts, pavements, bridges etc
Designed, Reviewed and approved the flow diagrams/ flow estimation for hydraulic systems for surface and sub-surface drainage network, portable water distribution network, oily and sanitary waste water system
Analysis & design using software like STAADPRO including preparation of analysis model, analysis and design input. Review of input and output and error messages.
Design of pilecap, isolated foundation, raft foundations and machine foundation
Preliminary knowledge about Geotechnical engineering
Promote cost reduction and productivity enhancing initiatives.
Quality Assurance – Responsible for working within the provisions and guidelines of the Quality Assurance system relevant to the Project.
Safety – Responsible for personal safety safe working practices for the Project. Understand and follow OH&S procedures.
Coordinates civil/structural design activities with other disciplines.
Essential Skills/Experience
Applicants require experience in working in a Civil/structural engineering team within a large multi discipline project team.
A minimum 15 years of relevant experience in related Civil Structural works.
Experience in software like STAADPRO, MAT3D, XPSWIM, 12D, PIPENET etc,
Requirements
A Bachelor Degree In Civil Engineering
Minimum of 15 years experience in conceptual studies, FEED and detailed design projects.
Please check the job details, then fill in your details below and click "Submit now".* Indicates a required field.
Your Details
First Name *
Last Name *
Email *
Phone Number(s)Work: Home/Mobile/Cell:
Address
Please attach your CV/Résumé *
Existing CV
Please state whether you are currently eligible to work (work permit/visa/citizenship) in the country to which you are applying: *
Yes
No