Provincial Surveillance Officer - Punjab, Lahore, United Nations Pakistan
;
Employment
|
|
|
|
|
Apply for this job:
Cover Letter:
Please wait while we upload your P11 Form.
Applying for Job
Already a Member: Sign In Here
New Member: Sign Up Here
If you already have an account on
you don't need to fill out registration form to create a new account. Simply login using your ROZEE.PK username or email address and password.
New Member
Dear Applicant, Sorry! You don't posses the required qualifications and work experience, and therefore can not apply for this position, however, we appreciate your desire to work for the UN system in Pakistan.
Do you have the minimum qualification and experience required for this job?
or
This is an internal job restricted to other applicants. Are you an internal Employee?
or
Dear Applicant, Sorry! You don't posses the requirement, and therefore can not apply for this position, however, we appreciate your desire to work for the UN system in Pakistan.
Register your official email:
Please enter your username and select domain from drop down list.
Your Email:
Select Domain
@unhabitat.org.pk
@iom.int
@un.org.pk
@wfp.org
@undp.org
@unhcr.org
@unwomen.org
@unesco.org
@pak.emro.who.int
@unicef.org
@fao.org
@ilo.org
@unic.org
@unodc.org
@un.org
@unido.org
@unfpa.org
@unops.org
Pease Verify your Email:
A Verification Code has been sent to your given Email Address, Enter the Verification Code below or follow the instruction in email.
Verification code:
Provincial Surveillance Officer - Punjab
|
Industry:
N.G.O./Social Services
Category:
Health & Medicine
Total Position:
1
Job Type:
Special Services Agreement (SSA)
Department:
WHO
Job Location:
Lahore
Gender:
Doesn't Matter
Minimum Education:
Masters
Degree Title:
University degree in medicine from a recognized university. Post graduate degree in public health (preferably in epidemiology of child health)
Career Level:
NOB
Minimum Experience:
5 Years(Public Health, EPI and Disease Surveillance)
Required Travel:
50%
Work Permit:
Pakistan
Apply By:
May 16, 2014
Posted On:
May 6, 2014
Job Description
Terms of ReferenceProvincial Surveillance OfficerUnder the technical supervision of the Provincial Team Leader for Polio, and under the overall supervision of the WHO Representative and in close collaboration with the WHO Medical Officer, the Provincial Surveillance Officer will undertake the following duties:1. Coordinate WHO provincial in all aspects of surveillance for acute flaccid paralysis (AFP), measles and MNT in the province. Specifically:
1.1. To plan and conduct regular/periodic visits to provinces of concern (based on the data/information) to review AFP, measles, and MNT surveillance data and to train district polio eradication officers
1.2. To assure a line list of AFP cases is maintained by each district and an updated list is sent to the province each week, and that a computerized line list of all cases from each district is maintained in the province and provided to the Federal level weekly 1.3. To conduct quarterly meetings with district Polio Eradication Officers
1.4. To compile surveillance indicators for each province for use in improving AFP, measles and MNT surveillance 2. Participate in meetings of provincial expert committee to review AFP cases, requiring expert review.3. Assist in coordinating surveillance activities with NGOs and other groups working with minority populations such as within Afghan refugee camps.4. Participate in the planning and implementation of AFP surveillance training workshops within the province for Ministry of Health staff, private sector health care practitioners, NGOs and district polio eradication officers in the province.5. Coordinate the activities of provincial polio eradication officers with the Provincial Polio Team Leader and Provincial EPI manager and provide frequent updates of surveillance information.6. Support the environmental surveillance for polioviruses including: a) providing assistance to the districts in the selection of the sites for environmental surveillance; in coordination with the National Technical Team; b) monitor the receipt of the samples as per schedule; while keeping liaise with the national level; and c) provide feedback to the provinces. 7. Undertake other relevant activities as directed by the supervisor.8. Assist in preparing performing / preparing situational analyses and reports for the advisory bodies and other organizations / institutions.9. To collect, review, summarize, analyze and the monthly reports of field technical staff and provide: a) summary to the provincial team leader; and b) technical feedback to the report originators.10. Conduct any urgently needed field visits, and cover the exceptional shortage of WHO technical field activity.11. Prepare regular programme reports and follow-up documentation of special activities for eradication of polio. Collect and collate provincial performance monthly report and review with the Provincial Polio Eradication Officer for submission to the federal office.12. Assist in maintaining regular contact with the partner organizations / bodies for polio eradication
Required Skills
No-Objection certificate from parent department for candidates in government service
Candidates will have to reside at the place of duty station incase he/she is selected
Excellent written communication skills in English, Urdu and local languages
Knowledge of computers including Microsoft Offices applications
© 2014 United Nations. All rights reserved
in Pakistan