Adecco Middle East - Store Manager - Luxury Brand - Abu Dhabi ,
Abu Dhabi
Check your inbox to know about employers who showed interest in your profileSee the names of companies who view your resume, Consider your resume and Contacted with you.Seeker Services Learning Center About XpressResume+Put Your Career in Gear with Monster Career Services. We have got: to help you knock out the competition by showcasing your most marketable skills and strengths with a strategically written resume. to let you determine your personality, career & areas of improvement.
Career Advice Stand out from the job searching crowd with a unique combination of skills, experience, attributes and career advice from Monster. Monster helps you formulate better career decisions by offering numerous career tips for a successful job interview, resume creation, salary and much more.In addition, we have recently introduced interesting and informative sections like
and
to help you stay in step with job trends and accelerate your self-learning.
Job Summary
Company Name
Adecco Middle East
Locations
Abu Dhabi
Experience
5 - 8 years
Keywords / Skills
sales, luxury, retail, store manager, abu dhabi
Education
Master's Degree
Function
Sales/ Business Development
Role
Sales Exec/ Sales Representative
Industry
Retailing
Posted On
4th May 2014
Share this job
Rate this job
Store Manager - Luxury Brand - Abu Dhabi
Adecco Middle East
Share this job
Apply
Job Description Managing and motivating a team to increase sales and ensure efficiency;Managing stock levels and making key decisions about stock control;Analysing sales figures and forecasting future sales ;Analysing and interpreting trends to facilitate planning;Using information technology to record sales figures, for data analysis and forward planning;Dealing with staffing issues such as interviewing potential staff, conducting appraisals and performance reviews, as well as providing or organising training and development;Ensuring standards for quality, customer service and health and safety are met;Resolving health and safety, legal and security issues;Responding to customer complaints and comments;Organising special promotions, displays and events;Attending and chairing meetings;Updating colleagues on business performance, new initiatives and other pertinent issues;Touring the sales floor regularly, talking to colleagues and customers, and identifying or resolving urgent issues;Maintaining awareness of market trends in the retail industry, understanding forthcoming customer initiatives and monitoring what local competitors are doing;Initiating changes to improve the business, e.g. revising opening hours to ensure the store can compete effectively in the local market;Promoting the organisation locally by liaising with local schools, newspapers and the community in general;Dealing with sales, as and when required.
Key Skill(s)
About Company Adecco, based in Zurich, Switzerland, is the world’s largest provider of HR solutions with a global turnover of Euro 25 billion. A fortune 500 company with over 37,000 employees and 7000 offices in more than 60 countries and territories around the world, we offer a wide variety of services, connecting more than 700,000 colleagues with over 150,000 clients every day. The services offered include temporary staffing, permanent placement, outsourcing, consulting and outplacement. Our Middle East operation is managed from our offices based in Abu Dhabi, Dubai, Doha and Jeddah and has been operating for last 7 years offering solutions to a broad spectrum of clients including multinational blue chip clients, local conglomerates to privately owned business and start up operations. We have a handpicked team of recruiters in different geographies. We inspire individuals and organisations to create greater efficiencies, effectiveness, and choice in the domain of work, for the benefit of all stakeholders. As the world’s largest employment services group, a business that positively impacts millions of people every year, we are conscious of our global role.Our services & solutions
1. Temporary and Permanent Staffing Services
a. General Staffing
b. Professional Staffing2. HR Process Management Solutions
a Business Process Outsourcing Solutions
b. Career Transition & Talent Development ServicesContact us:Adecco Middle East Abu Dhabi: T: +971 2 626 4664 & Dubai: T: +971 4 368 7900
Apply Without Registration
For Jobs Seekers
Jobs By Functions
Jobs By Location
About Our Site
© 2012 Monster - All Rights Reserved - U.S. Patent No. 5,832,497 - NYSE:
Toll Free No.: 8000177030, Toll No.: +91 40 6611 6993 / +91 40 3057 6993, Email ID: