Housekeeping - Florist jobs in Rotana Hotel in Abu Dhabi - United Arab Emirates - Naukrigulf.com
Job Seekers Login:
|
Housekeeping - Florist
at Rotana Hotel in
-
Posted: May
1, 2014 Exp:
1 - 2
yrs.
| Opening(s): 1
Education: Basic - Diploma(Hotel Management)
Gender: Not Mentioned
Industry Type:
/
/
/
Functional Area:
/
/
/
Your Message could not be sent.
Your message has been sent
Job Description
Share
We are currently seeking for passionate and dynamic guest focused Housekeeping professionals who pride themselves on their ability to deliver extraordinary levels of customer service and provide creative solutions to our guests.
As a Florist you are responsible to prepare all floral decorations for public areas,
restaurants,
functions and VIP rooms. You set standards using the highest quality of material to ensure the flower arrangements have the best possible life span and your role will include key responsibilities such as:
•Check daily the flower arrangement in all areas for their condition,
trim,
water and replace flowers if necessary
•Liaise with outlets to obtain their flower requirements and check if anything special is required
•Liaise with Supervisor for requirement of VIP flower arrangements both for arrival rooms and in house guest rooms or for any other special occasions
•Liaise with banquet to ensure the flower arrangements are as per the function sheets and clarify if any special colors or style is required
•Order all fresh flowers according to requirements and season
•Keep a logbook and record all flower requirements
•Monitor the cost of the flowers purchased and relate these costs to the budget cost
•Keep the flower room and fridge clean and tidy at all times
•Prepare for special arrangements,
special decorations e.g. Christmas,
Easter,
Weddings
Desired Candidate Profile
Education,
Qualifications & Experiences
You should ideally have a vocational training as a Florist with previous experiences in a similar role. Good command of English along with good interpersonal ability is essential.
Knowledge & Competencies
The ideal candidate will be a friendly,
caring,
dedicated individual with good cross cultural sensitivity and the willingness to put in an extra effort and time when required. You are creative and innovative with an eye for detail and esthetic,
while possessing following additional competencies:
Understanding the Job
Taking Responsibility
Recognizing Differences
Customer Focus
Customer Focus
Adaptability
Teamwork
Keyword: Housekeeping - Florist
|
Company Profile
Rotana Hotel
Contact Details
Website
Disclaimer: Naukrigulf.com is only a platform to bring jobseekers & employers together. Applicants are advised to research the bonafides of the prospective employer independently. We do NOT endorse any requests for money payments and strictly advice against sharing personal or bank related information.We also recommend you visit
for more information. If you suspect any fraud or malpractice, email us at
To*
From*
Subject*
Email:
Password:
Upload a latest profile photo
A CV with photo has 40% higher chances of getting noticed by employers
Upload Profile Photo
This is how your profile photo will look like.To make adjustments, you can drag around and resize the yellow dashed-square on the right panel.
When you are satisfied with your photo click the "Save Photo" button.
Browse Jobs by
Jobs By Location
Jobs By Category
Job Seekers
Recruiters
Partner Sites
Company
Information
All rights reserved © 2001-
2014 Info Edge (India) Ltd.