Relationship Manager – ADCB Securities Acquisition
Job Seekers
|
|
what:
where:
Abu Dhabi Commercial Bank Ltd
-
Abu Dhabi
Achieve trading volumes / targets and contribute to the bottom line profitability of the brokerage house.
The RM will proactively manage and grow assets under management & increase his/her client’s portfolio sizes.
Main Tasks & Responsibilities Basic Discipline
Ensure basic discipline is maintained through timely reporting to office. Ensure adherence to dress code and code of conduct
Day To Day Activities
To develop and manage direct client relationships and be responsible for the day-to-day relationship with the client and optimize Customer engagement. Prepare daily sales reports Ensure required information sought regarding customers are provided on a timely basis
Target Achievement
To ensure specified targets viz. NT-ADCB Securities / Trading targets / generated revenues
Training
Ensure attendance at each sales training programs Be adequately trained to prevent mis-selling. Assist the Business Development Manager in training new Team members and take the new members on joint calls.
Weekly Sales Review
Attend weekly review meeting to ensure there is no gap in planned v/s actual numbers set out for the week Take corrective action wherever there is a discrepancy in planned v/s actual delivery Discuss issues pertaining to clients within reasonable time periods and resolve the same immediately
Compliance & Quality
Ensure strict compliance on documentation provided by the customers. Ensure compliance policies are understood and strictly implemented. Ensure compliance to SCA/ADX/DFM rules and regulations. Bring in quality customers to the brokerage house, which leads to quality references thus ensuring each case is profitable to the brokerage house. Deliver superior service to match and exceed customer expectations to achieve ‘customer delight’.
Market Intelligence
To maintain in-depth knowledge of global and local financial markets so as to be abreast with current market trends. Provide customer and competition feedback to Business Development Manager and other team members.
Requirements
University degree from a reputed university High computer skills Minimum experience of 2 years in customer acquisitions & relationship management with an understanding of Brokerage products and services.
Excellent written and spoken English is required. Spoken Arabic would be an advantage Aggressive, go getter with good communication and negotiation Skills Excellent, networking skills Understanding of global and regional financial markets and products. Team player with high diversified skills. Strong investment background, customer focused, result oriented.
About the Company
ADCB was incorporated on 1 July 1985 as a public joint stock company for an unlimited duration in the Emirate of Abu Dhabi, UAE. ADCB is registered under the UAE Federal Commercial Companies Law No. (8) of 1984 under registration number 4 and operates in the UAE under a banking licence issued by the Central Bank of the UAE.
ADCB provides a range of consumer and corporate banking, Islamic banking, trade finance, structured finance, foreign exchange, derivatives, and financial advisory services, primarily in the United Arab Emirates. In addition, ADCB’s subsidiary Abu Dhabi commercial Islamic Finance PSC holds an Islamic banking license.
As at 31 December 2010, ADCB operated 47 branches, 4 pay offices and 265 ATMs in the UAE; 4 new branches and 99 new ATMs were added during 2010. ADCB also operated 2 branches in India.
Summary
Location:
Company:
Contract type: Permanent
Send to a friend
Your friend's email
Your full name
Your message
Relationship Manager – ADCB Securities Acquisition
http://www.careerjet.co.uk/jobview/b804232afa3f01f969b09cb94dbafa2c.html?affid=7b2e27d9738a79f5
|
|
|
|
© 2014 Careerjet