Recreation - Lifeguard jobs in Rotana Hotel in Abu Dhabi - United Arab Emirates - Naukrigulf.com
Job Seekers Login:
|
Recreation - Lifeguard
at Rotana Hotel in
-
Posted: May
1, 2014 Exp:
1 - 2
yrs.
| Opening(s): 1
Education: Basic - Bachelor of Hotel Management(Hotel Management)
Gender: Not Mentioned
Industry Type:
/
/
/
Functional Area:
/
/
/
Your Message could not be sent.
Your message has been sent
Job Description
Share
We are currently looking for young,
dynamic,
self motivated Recreation professionals who want to move their careers forward.
As a Lifeguard you are responsible to monitor activities in the swimming area to prevent accidents and provide assistance to swimmers,
whereby your role will include key responsibilities as:
• Caution swimmers regarding unsafe areas
• Rescue swimmers in danger of drowning and administer first aid
• Maintain order in swimming areas
• Determine the chlorine content and PH value of water,
using water testing kit
• Conduct or officiate swimming meets and give swimming instructions
• Ensure the swimming pool is clean.
• Ensure the sun loungers are clean,
in the correct position and in working order
• Regularly check the temperature of the pool to ensure they are at set standard
• Ensure the pool deck is clean and free of any debris during the operation
• Ensure that the umbrellas are fixed properly to their units
• Ensure that when the umbrellas are not in use,
they are tied down for safety precautions
• Provide emergency care and treatment as required until the arrival of emergency medical services
• Have full knowledge of club’s facilities,
timings,
promotions and prices
Desired Candidate Profile
Education,
Qualifications & Experiences
You should ideally be a professional swimmer and a trained and qualified life guard with a diploma or university degree and some previous work experiences preferably within the hotel industry. Physically fit and able to work long hours in an outside environment are essentials. Good command of English and good interpersonal abilities are an advantage.
Knowledge & Competencies
The ideal candidate will be customer driven with good guest service skills and the ability to handle complaints. You are a positive,
smiley individual with a sportive,
outgoing and approachable character. You will work well under pressure in a fast paced environment and be a great team player,
who thrives in working with a multi-cultural team and guests alike,
while possessing following additional competencies:
Understanding the job
Teamwork
Teamwork
Taking Responsibility
Recognising Differences
Adaptability
Customer Focus
Keyword: Recreation - Lifeguard
|
Company Profile
Rotana Hotel
Contact Details
Website
Disclaimer: Naukrigulf.com is only a platform to bring jobseekers & employers together. Applicants are advised to research the bonafides of the prospective employer independently. We do NOT endorse any requests for money payments and strictly advice against sharing personal or bank related information.We also recommend you visit
for more information. If you suspect any fraud or malpractice, email us at
To*
From*
Subject*
Email:
Password:
Upload a latest profile photo
A CV with photo has 40% higher chances of getting noticed by employers
Upload Profile Photo
This is how your profile photo will look like.To make adjustments, you can drag around and resize the yellow dashed-square on the right panel.
When you are satisfied with your photo click the "Save Photo" button.
Browse Jobs by
Jobs By Location
Jobs By Category
Job Seekers
Recruiters
Partner Sites
Company
Information
All rights reserved © 2001-
2014 Info Edge (India) Ltd.