YEAR 2 TEACHER - ABU DHABI CITY
Job Seekers
|
|
what:
where:
Academics Ltd
-
Abu Dhabi
Our client is a four stream primary school located in popular Abu Dhabi City, United Arab Emirates.
A Year 2 vacancy has come to hand starting the new academic year in September 2014 (arrive mid August for orientation). The Principal is looking for a specialist to come on board who has a good track record of teaching at the lower primary level. The school follows the Primary Years Program (PYP) teaching predominately local Emirati children from middle and upper class families.
You will be working in a great facility less than four years old that is well resourced and includes interactive whiteboards in all classrooms. The role would suit a candidate who is sensitive to working with Arab pupils/families. An ESL background is an advantage.
Selection Criteria
You must meet the following
1. Hold a teaching qualification at primary level or early years with a minimum of three years tertiary training. (eg. B.Ed or M.Ed Primary).
2. A minimum of two years experience post qualification. On-going PYP training provided
3. Excellent team player who is a proven performer in diversifying their delivery to meet different ability levels of their pupils
4. Available to arrive late August for orientation. School year starts first week of September 2014.
The successful candidate will receive a salary up to 15000AED tax free a month (£2500/$4100USD) relative to experience/level of qualifications. Also included is a package that consists of furnished accommodation + basic utilities, annual flights, 21 days gratuity per year of service, medical cover, relocation allowance and work visa.
To be considered for this attractive post please forward along an updated CV with photo to Michael Smith on the details below or click "Apply". Supporting references are welcomed. Interviews will take place in May.
Summary
Location:
Company:
Contract type: Permanent
Send to a friend
Your friend's email
Your full name
Your message
YEAR 2 TEACHER - ABU DHABI CITY
http://www.careerjet.co.uk/jobview/1b2fcaef9ae43f553e3ac1d87de033e3.html?affid=7b2e27d9738a79f5
|
|
|
|
© 2014 Careerjet