ESCROW Assistant Manager
Job Seekers
|
|
what:
where:
Abu Dhabi Commercial Bank Ltd
-
Abu Dhabi
Ability to negotiate escrow documentation and work with internal & external legal representatives
Work across departmental lines to create client solutions across Escrow & OA. Ensure compliance with ADCB KYC policy
Ensure resolution of all regulatory requirements within a timely & accurate manner through effective & efficient use of bank resources
Control reconcile and accurate reporting to regulatory agency (RERA) for the escrow monthly report Control and ensure owners association documentation is maintained and updated at all times. Ensure timely completion of reconciliations and ensure exception reports are maintained. Ensure data capturing of all accounts are moved onto escrow system and all data recording is available on the system. Highlight issues of non compliant developers to the management. Assist in closing deals and market the product and ADCB capabilities across the UAE. Identify and present insightful ideas and solutions to convert prospects to clients. Assist the sales team in closing deals; actively manage and deepen client relationships. Create product concept and justification document/business case to support the required developments and enhancements in escrow & OA. This will cover feasibility of new products and a cost-benefit analysis clearly demonstrating source of revenue. Present business case for approval Co-ordinate with ADCE on a constant basis to ensure smooth and seamless flow of work across the unit and also streamline current payment activities. Create brief for Marketing Department for development and production of sales and marketing materials Consult concerned units and draft operating procedures for each product and present to the OQC Department for review and approval Control and ensure compliance with the Owners association product and track all changes to the account structure. Control and ensure proper MIS is maintained for the Owners Association and inflows / payments are tracked and reconciled at all times. Ensure payments made for Owners Association are within the approved guidelines. Co-ordinate with RERA for product clarifications, guidance, approvals. Follow up meetings with clients and ensure requirements are fulfilled. Track new accounts and ensure profitability of the product is maintained.
Requirements
Experience and Qualifications:
Minimum Education Level: Bachelors degree / preferably MIS related
Experience: (indicate years of experience required for the role as well) 3- 5 years in banking IT knowledge preferred
About the Company
ADCB was incorporated on 1 July 1985 as a public joint stock company for an unlimited duration in the Emirate of Abu Dhabi, UAE. ADCB is registered under the UAE Federal Commercial Companies Law No. (8) of 1984 under registration number 4 and operates in the UAE under a banking licence issued by the Central Bank of the UAE.
ADCB provides a range of consumer and corporate banking, Islamic banking, trade finance, structured finance, foreign exchange, derivatives, and financial advisory services, primarily in the United Arab Emirates. In addition, ADCB’s subsidiary Abu Dhabi commercial Islamic Finance PSC holds an Islamic banking license.
As at 31 December 2010, ADCB operated 47 branches, 4 pay offices and 265 ATMs in the UAE; 4 new branches and 99 new ATMs were added during 2010. ADCB also operated 2 branches in India.
Summary
Location:
Company:
Contract type: Permanent
Send to a friend
Your friend's email
Your full name
Your message
ESCROW Assistant Manager
http://www.careerjet.co.uk/jobview/28c2ccfc8ea8ce2770b8f456bd99cee2.html?affid=7b2e27d9738a79f5
|
|
|
|
© 2014 Careerjet