Manager - Financial Accounting Advisory Services
Job Seekers
|
|
what:
where:
E&Y
-
Abu Dhabi
We currently have a career opportunity for Manager Financial Accounting Advisory Services based in Abu Dhabi office with deep knowledge of one or more of the following competencies:
► Corporate Treasury
► Accounting and financial policies and procedures manual
► Financial Statement Close Process (FSCP)
► Consolidations support
► Financial Reporting Design/Key Performance Indicators (KPI) reporting
► Transaction accounting support/Purchase Price Allocations
► Accounting processes support
► Finance function transformation
Responsibilities
► Be responsible for participating and/or managing FAAS engagements.
► Collaborate with the partner, senior manager and client to determine a FAAS strategy that appropriately addresses risk and manages client expectations relating to deliverables.
► Participate and/or manage FAAS engagements.
► Ensure that the FAAS engagement team understands the client's needs and expectations and that the work product is client-focused, clear, accurate and well-presented.
► Ensure work is delivered timely and in compliance with regulatory requirements.
► Deliver effective execution of the FAAS service delivery framework.
► Work with other service lines in providing an integrated service delivery.
► Monitor the FAAS engagement team's performance against the budget, and alter if necessary.
► Identify and communicate relevant trends, developments and key performance drivers relevant to the client.
► Consult with appropriate resources on complex accounting issues.
► Participate in sales of new FAAS work.
Qualification
To qualify, candidates must have:
► A bachelor's degree and approximately 5 years of related work experience; or a graduate degree and approximately 4 years of related work experience
► An undergraduate or master's degree in accounting and/or other appropriate academic major
► At least 4 years of experience working as an auditor for a public accounting firm and particular business/industry experience to meet special needs
► Strong advisory (selling) mindset
► CPA/CA/ACCA certification
► Strong technical skills and recognized cautious risk management ability
► Deep understanding of the client's industry and marketplace
► Strong management skills to lead teams, delegate appropriately, mentor, review performance and counsel employees
► Strong written and verbal communication, presentation, client service and technical writing skills. Fluency in Arabic is required;
► Ability and comfort level in researching client inquires and emerging issues, including regulations, industry practices and new technologies
► Flexibility and willingness to travel on short notice, as necessary
Who we are
At EY, we're committed to helping you achieve your potential. If you have the drive and determination to serve some of the world's most successful and influential organizations, we'll provide the scope and support to realize your professional and personal ambitions. Teaming with talented colleagues around the world, you'll discover a culture defined by integrity, respect and collaboration that produces inspiring results. With award-winning professional development and access to global opportunities in a challenging, high-performance environment, you'll be able to carve out a rewarding career that reflects your talents and aspirations.
Summary
Location:
Company:
Contract type: Permanent
Send to a friend
Your friend's email
Your full name
Your message
Manager - Financial Accounting Advisory Services
http://www.careerjet.co.uk/jobview/dd6b36d9a776fe0d71696a73f1223ea7.html?affid=7b2e27d9738a79f5
|
|
|
|
© 2014 Careerjet