SCIENCE TEACHER - ABU DHABI Job in Abu Dhabi,
Science, Chemistry, Biology Career, Teaching and Lecturing Jobs in Academics Ltd
Candidate registration Employer registration
Login Forgot password
Login Employer registration
Forgot password
Sign in Candidate registration
Sign in Candidate registration
Sign in Employer registration
Select location
Login with:
Search jobs Search jobs
Job/Role:
Location:
Featured Jobs
Job of the week
Camden,
England
Job of the week
Haringey,
England
Job of the week
Reading,
Berkshire
Job of the week
Waltham Forest,
England
Job of the week
Havering,
England
Featured Employers
SCIENCE TEACHER - ABU DHABI job
Job Reference:
mssciade_1398928004
Country:
United Arab Emirates
County/ Province/ State:
Abu Dhabi
Contract Term:
Permanent
Contract Hours:
Full Time
Salary:
US$3300 - US$4100 per month + tax free + package
Job Phase:
High/ Secondary School
Role Type:
Teaching and Lecturing
Subject/ Skill:
Science
,
Chemistry
,
Biology
Post Date:
May 01, 2014
Job Description
Like the idea of earning a tax free package?Available to start in August 2014?An excellent opportunity awaits an experienced Science teacher in tax free Abu Dhabi.The role will see you teach across grades 6 to 10 in this private all girls' school on the outskirts of Abu Dhabi City. All staff are housed in ADC and transported to/from school each day by staff bus.The school has been open for over 10 years and in this time has proven to be a popular choice for middle and upper class local female pupils. The IB curriculum is offered alongside the American Diploma at senior level. Standards are high across the school that is well managed from top to bottom. Classes are decked out with the latest technology to deliver your lessons that are carried out in English by western trained/native English speaking teachers from the likes of the UK, Australia, NZ, USA and Canada.Two years experience post qualification is a must to be considered for an interview. Along with this you must hold a Bachelors or Masters degree specialising in Science or a Science specialism. Experience teaching in an Arabic/ESL environment is an advantage.In return you will take home a monthly tax free salary up to 15000AED a month (£2500/$4100USD). Package also includes furnished accommodation, annual flights, end of contract gratuity (10%), medical cover + visa. Tuition included for up to 2 children.The Principal is looking to interview candidates in May for this attractive role. Click "Apply " to be considered or email Michael Smith on the details below.
Jobs by Location
(18) (1252) (74) (15) (5) (6) (24)
Jobs by industry
(158) (16) (24) (2)
The Educator
The Educator 2013. All Rights Reserved.
Powered by JobMount