YEAR 2 TEACHER - ABU DHABI CITY Job in Abu Dhabi,
Grade 1- 5 Teacher Career, Teaching and Lecturing Jobs in Academics Ltd
Candidate registration Employer registration
Login Forgot password
Login Employer registration
Forgot password
Sign in Candidate registration
Sign in Candidate registration
Sign in Employer registration
Select location
Login with:
Search jobs Search jobs
Job/Role:
Location:
Featured Jobs
Job of the week
Camden,
England
Job of the week
Haringey,
England
Job of the week
Reading,
Berkshire
Job of the week
Waltham Forest,
England
Job of the week
Havering,
England
Featured Employers
YEAR 2 TEACHER - ABU DHABI CITY job
Job Reference:
msyr2adc_1398929417
Country:
United Arab Emirates
County/ Province/ State:
Abu Dhabi
Contract Term:
Permanent
Contract Hours:
Full Time
Salary:
£2100 - £2500 per month + tax free + package
Job Phase:
Elementary/ Primary
Role Type:
Teaching and Lecturing
Subject/ Skill:
Grade 1- 5 Teacher
Post Date:
May 01, 2014
Job Description
Our client is a four stream primary school located in popular Abu Dhabi City, United Arab Emirates.A Year 2 vacancy has come to hand starting the new academic year in September 2014 (arrive mid August for orientation). The Principal is looking for a specialist to come on board who has a good track record of teaching at the lower primary level. The school follows the Primary Years Program (PYP) teaching predominately local Emirati children from middle and upper class families.You will be working in a great facility less than four years old that is well resourced and includes interactive whiteboards in all classrooms. The role would suit a candidate who is sensitive to working with Arab pupils/families. An ESL background is an advantage.Selection CriteriaYou must meet the following1. Hold a teaching qualification at primary level or early years with a minimum of three years tertiary training. (eg. B.Ed or M.Ed Primary).2. A minimum of two years experience post qualification. On-going PYP training provided3. Excellent team player who is a proven performer in diversifying their delivery to meet different ability levels of their pupils4. Available to arrive late August for orientation. School year starts first week of September 2014.The successful candidate will receive a salary up to 15000AED tax free a month (£2500/$4100USD) relative to experience/level of qualifications. Also included is a package that consists of furnished accommodation + basic utilities, annual flights, 21 days gratuity per year of service, medical cover, relocation allowance and work visa.To be considered for this attractive post please forward along an updated CV with photo to Michael Smith on the details below or click "Apply". Supporting references are welcomed. Interviews will take place in May.
Jobs by Location
(18) (1252) (74) (15) (5) (6) (24)
Jobs by industry
(158) (16) (24) (2)
The Educator
The Educator 2013. All Rights Reserved.
Powered by JobMount