Commis 1 (Arabic Cuisine) - Crowne Plaza Abu Dhabi Yas Island jobs in Intercontinental Hotels Group in Abu Dhabi - United Arab Emirates - Naukrigulf.com
Job Seekers Login:
|
Commis 1 (Arabic Cuisine) - Crowne Plaza Abu Dhabi Yas Island
at Intercontinental Hotels Group in
-
Posted: May
1, 2014 Exp:
2 - 4
yrs.
| Opening(s): 1
Education: Basic - Bachelor of Hotel Management(Hotel Management)
Gender: Not Mentioned
Industry Type:
/
/
/
Functional Area:
/
/
/
Your Message could not be sent.
Your message has been sent
Job Description
Share
And we're looking for more people like this to join our friendly and professional team. Set on the banks of the creek and along the Links Championship Golf Course, Crowne Plaza Hotel is located at on one of the country's most ambitious developments, Yas Island. The close proximity to the airport and only 40 minutes into Abu Dhabi City makes this prime location an easy accessible choice for business and leisure travellers. We are currently looking to recruit a Commis 1 to join our Kitchen team. You are required to ensure that the set up (mise en place) is ready on time and sufficient, according the instructions of the chef de partie. You will also assist in preparation of all food items and help in running the assigned station efficiently. You will need to be experienced in Arabic Cuisine. You also need to be fluent in English and flexible with working hours. In return we offer competitive pay and benefits, and a chance to work with a great team of talented people. Most importantly, we'll give you the Room to be yourself.
Keyword: Commis 1 (Arabic Cuisine) - Crowne Plaza Abu Dhabi Yas Island
|
Company Profile
Intercontinental Hotels Group
Contact Details
Website
Disclaimer: Naukrigulf.com is only a platform to bring jobseekers & employers together. Applicants are advised to research the bonafides of the prospective employer independently. We do NOT endorse any requests for money payments and strictly advice against sharing personal or bank related information.We also recommend you visit
for more information. If you suspect any fraud or malpractice, email us at
To*
From*
Subject*
Email:
Password:
Upload a latest profile photo
A CV with photo has 40% higher chances of getting noticed by employers
Upload Profile Photo
This is how your profile photo will look like.To make adjustments, you can drag around and resize the yellow dashed-square on the right panel.
When you are satisfied with your photo click the "Save Photo" button.
Browse Jobs by
Jobs By Location
Jobs By Category
Job Seekers
Recruiters
Partner Sites
Company
Information
All rights reserved © 2001-
2014 Info Edge (India) Ltd.