Technicians Jobs in United Al Saqer Group, Abu Dhabi, UAE | JI119060
Job Seeker Login:
|
If you're looking to post a job or searching resumes, go to our employer website
Technicians Jobs in Abu Dhabi, UAE
Company Name
United Al Saqer Group
Job Functional Area
Job Title
Technicians
Job Location
,
Minimum Experience
5 Years
Posted on
May 02, 2014
Job Description
THE ROAD OF SUCCESS.
Abu Dhabi Motors, is the top-ranked and best selling importer for BMW. Alpina, MINI, Rolls-Royce and AC Schnitzer in the Middle East, the Rolls-Royce 2012 and 2013 Global Dealer of the Year as well as Global Winner of Excellence in Sales Award for "Leadership in Luxury Class" in the BMW Group. Our ever-expanding network located in Abu Dhabi and Al Ain are looking for top-quality individuals to join our dynamic world-class organization in Abu Dhabi. Successful candidates will enjoy exceptional tax-free remuneration opportunities.
We are defined by excellence and hold everything we do to the highest standards. Our employee satisfaction is impeccable and our expansion sustains the companies quest towards superior customer services. We are looking for enthusiastic individuals who are eager to be part of a strong community of the best professionals in the industry. Some of the following positions require several employees:
Technicians:
- Qualified technician.
- Minimum five years experience in German vehicle brands.
- BMW experience is an advantage.
- Ability to read and write in English.Apply Instructions for This Job
To apply you will need to be an exceptional, energetic and self-motivated achiever who wants to grow personalty and professionally and add value to the best Importer/Dealer in the world right now. To enable us to assess your potential please send your CV with a recent photograph to:
We confirm your application will be dealt with in the strictest confidence and no references will be sought without your prior approval.Find Similar Jobs - Preferable but not a must
- Electrical Certificate - ITI or diploma (attested from the UAE embassy outside UAE, from the Ministry of Foreign Affairs)
- Copy of pass ... HR/PRO - Arabic Speaking: 5 years+ (DU003)
Abu Dhabi, UAE:
- Project Manager: 12 years+ (Ref: AD001)
- Electrical Engineer: 5 years+ (Ref: AD002)
- Mechanical Eng ... Service Advisor (minimum of 3 years experience in the same field)
3- Sales Executive (3 Years Sales Experience in Automotive sales)
4- Technician ( 3 years Dealer exp ... individuals for the following positions.
Maintenance Supervisor
Individual holding B.Tech/D A.E (Mechanical), with 2 to 3 years of experience in machine maint ... Auto Electrician
- Auto Painter
- New Car Storekeeper (w/ UAE DL)
- Auto Mechanic
- Auto Denter
- Receptionist
- Road Tester/ QC
- Wheel Alignment Techn ...
More Jobs
,
,
, Find Relevant Functional Area Jobs, , , , , , , , ,
* Your Full Name:
* Your Email Address:
* Friends' Email Addresses:
[Separate email addresses with comma, max 3 emails at a time]
Job Title:
Technicians
Add Note (Optional):
Log in to save this job, and find the jobs you saved already! If you are new at Careermidway.com, please
Email Address:
Password:
Enter your email address. You will receive a notification email with details on login information.
Enter email address
Post Comments on this Job
Relevant comments on this job are highly appreciated.
Please use personal name or nickname rather keywords in the name field.
Comments filling the fields with anchor text to spam this site and search engines may be edited, have URLs removed, or deleted entirely.
Your Name:
Your Email:
Show Email:
Check this to show your email address alongwith your name/comments.
Your Comments:
Enter Code*:
International Jobs
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
© Copyright 2014 All rights reserved Careermidway.com
|
|
|
|s. I am fortunate to work with exceptional colleagues who are highly experienced and professional.
My job role entails me to be responsible for IT Operations, Service Desk, Desktop ...
My role at TDIC entails conducting orientation sessions for new joiners, as well as helping them settle into their roles and teams. I am also responsible for the sponsorships and internships of Emirati university students, so I have the opportunity to meet people of varying skill sets and backgrounds.
TDIC is a dynamic organisation that encourages the growth of its employees; since I joined the team a year and three months ago, I have been promoted from HR Coordinator to Learning and Development ...
I joined TDIC in January 2006. At the time it was a newly-established company that aimed to put Abu Dhabi on the world tourism map.
I saw the job offer as the chance to add to my experience and gain career growth.
I am responsible for the company's cash management, banking operations and trade finance.
As one of TDIC's longest standing employees, I feel valued and appreciated, thanks to the recognition that has been given to me over the years. TDIC offers fantastic opportunities to work ...
I attended a talk at my university about career opportunities at TDIC, which is every engineer’s dream place to work. I applied because I knew they had experts in the field of architecture. I first joined the company's Tamkeen programme as a Graduate Development Trainee. During the first year, I rotated between various departments.
My first ...
At the Internal Audit department, I mainly manage all of TDIC's Financial and IT audits, including those of our joint venture hotels such as Fairmont, Park Rotana and Shangri-La. I have only been here for less than 2 years, but have been engaged in several assignments and TDIC initiatives. I feel that the Company has evolved into a new company and I think it will be very interesting to see it grow.
There are many challenges at TDIC that will keep you motivated, as well as help you grow and develop. Your work ...
2012 Copyright TDIC. All Rights Reserved.
Powered by