Painters and Denters Jobs in United Al Saqer Group, Abu Dhabi, UAE | JI138065
Job Seeker Login:
|
If you're looking to post a job or searching resumes, go to our employer website
Painters and Denters Jobs in Abu Dhabi, UAE
Company Name
United Al Saqer Group
Job Functional Area
Job Title
Painters and Denters
Job Location
,
Minimum Experience
Must be Experienced
Posted on
May 02, 2014
Job Description
THE ROAD OF SUCCESS.
Abu Dhabi Motors, is the top-ranked and best selling importer for BMW. Alpina, MINI, Rolls-Royce and AC Schnitzer in the Middle East, the Rolls-Royce 2012 and 2013 Global Dealer of the Year as well as Global Winner of Excellence in Sales Award for "Leadership in Luxury Class" in the BMW Group. Our ever-expanding network located in Abu Dhabi and Al Ain are looking for top-quality individuals to join our dynamic world-class organization in Abu Dhabi. Successful candidates will enjoy exceptional tax-free remuneration opportunities.
We are defined by excellence and hold everything we do to the highest standards. Our employee satisfaction is impeccable and our expansion sustains the companies quest towards superior customer services. We are looking for enthusiastic individuals who are eager to be part of a strong community of the best professionals in the industry. Some of the following positions require several employees:
Painters and Denters
- Experience in this field is preferred.
- Must be in good health since the work requires physical endurance and good eyesight.
- Training will be provided for those showing exemplary potential.Apply Instructions for This Job
To apply you will need to be an exceptional, energetic and self-motivated achiever who wants to grow personalty and professionally and add value to the best Importer/Dealer in the world right now. To enable us to assess your potential please send your CV with a recent photograph to:
We confirm your application will be dealt with in the strictest confidence and no references will be sought without your prior approval.Find Similar Jobs should be DAE Electrical / Electronics With 5 Years Industrial experience in PLC controlled machinery. Must be capable of maintaining preventive & scheduled ma ... be able to manage existing customer accounts & generate new business to the company. Speak & write English & must have a valid UAE driving license.
Diesel
... required
1- Part-time/ full-time Teachers for all subjects
2- Secretary
3- Computer technician+ programmer
4- AC technicians
5- CCTV installer ... Technician required.
with experience in HVAC, A/C maintenance. ... 10 year in power mechanical & electronic engine side
Knows the auto electrician work ...
More Jobs
,
, Find Relevant Functional Area Jobs, , , , , , , , ,
* Your Full Name:
* Your Email Address:
* Friends' Email Addresses:
[Separate email addresses with comma, max 3 emails at a time]
Job Title:
Painters and Denters
Add Note (Optional):
Log in to save this job, and find the jobs you saved already! If you are new at Careermidway.com, please
Email Address:
Password:
Enter your email address. You will receive a notification email with details on login information.
Enter email address
Post Comments on this Job
Relevant comments on this job are highly appreciated.
Please use personal name or nickname rather keywords in the name field.
Comments filling the fields with anchor text to spam this site and search engines may be edited, have URLs removed, or deleted entirely.
Your Name:
Your Email:
Show Email:
Check this to show your email address alongwith your name/comments.
Your Comments:
Enter Code*:
International Jobs
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
© Copyright 2014 All rights reserved Careermidway.com
|
|
|
|