Maintenance job at DynCorp - Production Planner (F-16) - 1402644
Job Summary The Production Planner will maintain records, coordinate and schedule maintenance and inspection requirements for aircraft and assembly components. This will include flight hour planning requirements and status reporting. Principal AccountabilitiesMaintain all aircraft/assembly component
Loading, please wait...
JOB SEEKERS
Search aviation jobs!
Get online today.
It's FREE.
Maintain and apply for aviation jobs.
Popular Jobs
Company Information
Company / Job Detail Information as selected:
Position Maintenance / Production Planner (F-16) - 1402644
Position Type:
Permanent
Company:
DynCorp
Fax Number:
(817) 224-1722
Address:
13500 Heritage ParkwayFort WorthTexas76177USA
Web Address:
Company Info:
DynCorp International is a leading global services provider offering unique, tailored solutions for an ever-changing world. Built on more than six decades of experience as a trusted partner to commercial, government and military customers, DI provides sophisticated aviation, logistics, training, intelligence and operational solutions wherever we are needed. DynCorp International is headquartered in McLean, Va.
Supported Manufacturers:
None
More Jobs:
Job Information
Job Title:
Production Planner (F-16) - 1402644
Location:
International International
Salary Range:
Neg-Neg
Job Desc:
Job Summary The Production Planner will maintain records, coordinate and schedule maintenance and inspection requirements for aircraft and assembly components. This will include flight hour planning requirements and status reporting. Principal AccountabilitiesMaintain all aircraft/assembly component records and documentation for a particular fleet/engine/ APU/ LDG ensuring that all components on aircraft/engine/landing gears meet requirements set by the customer.Plan, provide and control management of aircraft/assembly/component maintenance records /documentation needed to maintain an airworthy, safe and reliable aircraft/component complying with requirements of airworthiness regulatory authorities. Schedule all inspection requirements for assigned aircraft. Coordinate the scheduling of activity, technical and similar inspections with Quality Control. Coordinate Maintenance activity planning actions in support of unit plans with other concerned activities. Develop and prepare maintenance plans, to include specialized plans required by higher authority. Schedule and conduct all Maintenance scheduling meetings. Review monthly and weekly training schedule to minimize impact on production. Prepare and distribute Daily Requirement and Dispatch Records. Attend and participate in monthly and weekly Operations scheduling meetings. Complete aircraft delayed discrepancy and records review. Distribute Daily, Weekly and Monthly Flying/Maintenance Schedules to authorized users. Perform other qualified duties as required.Knowledge & SkillsExcellent communication skills and ability to communicate info and data to all levels in the organization.Excellent organization and project management skills.Ability to manage and control various man hour booking, cost, material, trend analysis, etc.reports.Extensive knowledge of monitoring work schedules and creating backup plans.Knowledge of PC and Microsoft office applications.MS Project skill is essentialAbility to manage a large and variable work load, ensuring timely and accurate completion of assigned work.Strong oral and communication skills and English language fluency.Excellent organizational and time management.Able to recognize the sensitivity and confidentiality of the function and act appropriately.Excellent team working ability to ensure smooth operation in planning organization as a whole.Ability to anticipate planning needs and provide production planning problem solutions.Ability to work under intense pressure in MRO environment.Experience & EducationEngineering or aeronautical engineering degeee. Previous experience in military MRO andcivilian MRO environment preferred. Seven (7) or more years experience as a production planning engineer.Knowledge of aerospace software ERP systems for shop floor planning.Physical Requirements/Working EnvironmentMay work in Aircraft maintenance hangar or outside.May be required to work in a wide variety of weather conditions.May be required to work long hours.Must be able to walk and stand on level and/or inclined surfaces for certain periods throughout the day.Must be able to climb stairs, ramps, ladders, and work stands.Must be able to crouch, crawl, grasp or handle objects, use finger dexterity, bend elbow/knee and reach above/below shoulders.May be required to lift up to 20 pounds.TravelAs required in support of task order.Disclaimer The above information on this description has been designed to indicate the general nature and level of work performed by employees within this classification. It is not designed to contain or be interpreted as a comprehensive inventory of all duties, responsibilities, and qualifications required of employees assigned to this job.
Requirements:
F-16 production planning experience is strongly preferred. In lieu of engineering degree, the following may be accepted: Bachelor’s Degree in a related field.Equivalent work experience (2 years’ related work experience may be substitued for each year of college.) This position is located in the UAE.
Travel:
Relocation:
Job Ident #:
1402644
Benefits:
Thank you for your interest...
Company:
Job Title:
There are two ways to apply for this job:
Apply as a Guest
Email Address:
*Invalid Email
OR
Login and Apply
Login:
Password:
Please note by applying to this job you are agreeing to the Terms and Conditions for the JSfirm website.
Thank you for your interest...
Company:
DynCorp
Job Title:
Production Planner (F-16) - 1402644
There are two ways to apply for this job:
Apply as a Guest
OR
Login and Apply
Login:
Password:
Please note by applying to this job you are agreeing to the Terms and Conditions for the JSfirm website.
EMPLOYERS
receive great response!
1000's of aviation resumes available.
update jobs, view applicants, search
aviation jobs.
to aviation employers.
send a message. JSfirm will call!
Resumes
JSfirm, LLC
Fort Worth, TX
All rights reserved. ©2001-2014 JSfirm