Charge Midwives-Abu Dhabi in Abu Dhabiwww.healthcarejobs.ie
Job - Charge Midwives-Abu Dhabi
in Abu Dhabi
Share this page
Employer:
Posted:
10 Apr 2014
Location:
Abu Dhabi,
United Arab Emirates
Sector:
Ward Midwife
Job level:
Qualified (non-manager)
Hours:
Full time
Contract type:
Permanent
Salary:
N/A
Closing date:
10 May 2014
Reference:
CMAD
Options
Already Shortlisted
PE Global Healthcare Are Delighted To Announce We Are Now Recruiting Experienced
Charge Midwives To Work In A Prestigious And Forward Thinking Hospital In The UAE.These roles are permanent and come with a very attractive remuneration package.Requirements:•	Bsc Midwifery or Equivalent•	BLS Certification•	Minimum of 6 years clinical experience post-graduation•	Minimum of 2 years clinical experience as a charge midwifeWe Offer:•	TAX FREE SALARY•	Supplementary Allowance•	Housing Allowance•	Furniture Allowance•	End Of Service Allowance•	Up to 30 working days annual leaveIf you or anyone else you know are interested in these roles contact me
in confidence today, email your CV to
xxxxxxxAPPLY TODAY POSITIONS ARE LIMITED
About
PE Global Healthcare
PE Global Healthcare specialises in providing all types of Medical personnel, Doctors, Nurses, Allied Health Professionals (AHP) and all other ancillary professionals to the Middle East, UK and Irish markets. PE Global Healthcare’s main focus is the provision of a cost effective services for filling permanent placements. PE Global Healthcare has Clients throughout Europe, the Middle East, Australia, New Zealand, and North America. The Second area of PE Global Healthcare is Locum Express. Locum Express is our Locum and Contract Services operation. We mainly specialize in providing Doctor and Nursing Locums and Contractors to meet both short and long term requirements in public and private healthcare organizations.Locum Express was originally established in 2005 to provide a cost effective service for filling Medical locums throughout Europe. Locum Express is established as one of Ireland and Europe’s largest Medical Locum providers and is Europe’s Premier Locum Agency. Locum Express has Clients throughout Ireland, the UK and Europe and the excellent service provided has resulted in a 98% repeat business rate.In March 2011 Locum Express was awarded the Sole Managed Service contract for the country of Ireland for the Irish Public Health Services (HSE)
Register your interest without delay....quick and easy...Apply!
Send your question to the advertiser of this job
Processing your request...
Your name
Your email
Your phone
Question
You're about to be taken to another web site to complete your application
Email this job to a friend
Processing your request...
Your friend's email
Your friend's name
Your name
Your email
Please Login to use this functionality
Please provide the following information
Processing your request...
Your name
Your email
Connect with us
Niche Jobs Ltd.
8 & 9 Kingston Workshops, Staverton, Totnes, TQ9 6AR. Company reg:
6519365