Workshop Supervisor jobs in Win Win HRC in Abu Dhabi - United Arab Emirates - Naukrigulf.com
WinWin HR Consultancy Jobs - Career, Jobs opening in
WinWin HR Consultancy
"Laws are made by winners but We create winners"
Careers
Workshop Supervisor
at Win Win HRC in
-
Posted: May
1, 2014 Exp:
1 - 3
yrs.
| Opening(s): 1
Education: Basic - Any Graduation
Nationality: Any Nationality
Gender: Male
Industry Type:
/
Functional Area:
Your Message could not be sent.
Your message has been sent
Job Description
Share
JOB DESCRIPTION / ASSESSMENT
A.	JOB PURPOSE / MAIN FUNCTIONS / TARGETS
Workshop Supervisor.
Job Location	:	ICAD, Mussafah, Abu Dhabi	Subordinates	:	Factory Engineers, Mechanics etc
Reports To	:	General Manager	Job Category	:	Production
B.	LIST OF MEASURED DUTIES TO BE PERFORMED (MAJOR TASK)
I.	HSEQ
a.	To attend Tool Box Meeting at random at least 4 times per month and presents Management commitment towards HSEQ.
b.	Implementing Procedures & controls to ensure that all activities are conducted in accordance with HSEQ Management System.
c.	Identification of training needs to enable Personnel to meet Company Objectives & Safety targets.
d.	Promptly investigating accidents, incidents and near miss reports and providing effective follow up and recommendations.
e.	Encouraging Quality reporting and demonstrating effective follow up on all positive suggestions.
f.	Keeping good communication with all employees on HSEQ MS matters by memos, e-mail, bulletin board notification etc.
g.	Raise one HSEQ employee feedback per month.
II.	Operations and Business Process
a.	Responsible in all respects for the smooth day to day running of the Fabrication, assembly and testing Departments of SOP.
b.	Responsible for co-ordination with Design / Engineering Department to ensure ordering of raw and finished materials on time, for all the Projects.
c.	Provide supporting Documentation to General Manager and Accountant every month.
d.	Plan and Control each project by applying Project Management tools and software so that real-time data is available.
e.	Provide feedback to the Design Department for any correction necessary in the manufacturing design and drawing.
f.	Manage material through cost effective purchase and through minimum inventory control management.
g.	Manage human resources with minimum cost and to maximize productivity to achieve committed date of completion.
h.	Manage testing, commissioning and 3rd party certification.
i.	Manage Company’s archive to record data on each project.
j.	Manage after Sales Service and Warranty claim.
III.	People / Learning and Development
a.	Appointing proper Personnel as per the requirement of the Division on a timely basis and with the proper qualifications within budgetary needs.
b.	Keeping turnover of personnel to a minimum by managing properly the requirements of the job and the stress level of the personnel together with their individual needs.
c.	Assuring competent Manpower development by Technical Training and HSEQ Training and quantify achievement by tests after each training.
d.	Clearly delegate responsibilities to subordinates and other Supervisory staff as such to obtain a high level of motivation and performance.
e.	Create a family work environment among workforce through high level of Emotional Intelligence, leadership and team building skills.
IV.	Financial
a.	Responsible for the issuance of LPO, both local and international.
b.	Controls costs of Jobs in progress by increasing productivity of Human Resources.
c.	Control Cost in material purchase in compilation with Estimation for the jobs in progress.
d.	Leverage profitably by controlling cost and by meeting Budget objectives.
e.	Co-ordinate with Accounts for payment process to make sure delivery of goods takes place without any delay
f.	Follow up timely & cross check with Accounts, invoicing of all jobs done.
g.	Adhere to all Company’s Financial Procedures and Systems.
V.	Customer Service
a.	Provide Clients with customer service as and when required.
Keyword:
oil and gas supervisor
|
Company Profile
“WIN WIN” is an HR consultancy firm, providing solutions and services to its client’s organization in the fields of recruitment and career opportunities for individual candidates. We at WINWIN, are committed to fit the right people for the right job. By this, we are able to bring out the best performance from the candidate and deliver the efficient human resource to the client’s organization. Hence it’s a “WIN WIN” for both sides.
Contact Details
Name/ Designation: Radhish -
Gold crest executive tower
JLt - Dubai
Dubai
121176
LandLine: 97144570366
Website
To*
From*
Subject*
Email:
Password:
Upload a latest profile photo
A CV with photo has 40% higher chances of getting noticed by employers
Upload Profile Photo
This is how your profile photo will look like.To make adjustments, you can drag around and resize the yellow dashed-square on the right panel.
When you are satisfied with your photo click the "Save Photo" button.
Content
provided by
WinWin, Info Edge India Limited
disclaims all warranties against infringement.
Visit
and
for more comprehensive information in this
regard.