Housekeeping Desk Coordinator - Crowne Plaza Abu Dhabi Yas Island with IHG - Crowne Plaza Hotels & Resorts - Middle East & Africa | 10879007
Jobseekers
|
Jobseekers
Housekeeping Desk Coordinator - Crowne Plaza Abu Dhabi Yas Island
Abu Dhabi, AE-AZ
0
Full job details
Recruiter
IHG - Crowne Plaza Hotels & Resorts - Middle East & Africa
Posted
01/05/2014 17:27:31
Ref
ABU002975
Location
Abu Dhabi, AE-AZ
Job Type
Housekeeping
Sector
Hotel
Job Level
Non-Management
CrownePlaza® hotels look for people who excel in their role, andare committed to delivering excellent experiences for guests. People who createconfidence, encourage success and make it happen!What's your passion? Whether you're into polka,painting or polo at InterContinental Hotel Group (IHG) we're interested in YOU!We employ people who apply the same amount of care and passion to their jobs asthey do their hobbies - people who put our guests at the heart of everything theydo. And we're looking for more people like this to join our friendly andprofessional team. Set on the banks of the creek and along the LinksChampionship Golf Course, Crowne Plaza Hotel is located at on one of thecountry's most ambitious developments, Yas Island. The close proximity to theairport and only 40 minutes into Abu Dhabi City makes this prime location aneasy accessible choice for business and leisure travellers. We are currently looking to recruit a Housekeeping Desk Coordinator to join our Housekeeping team. You will be responsiblefor attending and coordinating all telephone calls, guest request andoperational request for the Housekeeping team.  In return we offer competitive pay and benefits,and a chance to work with a great team of talented people. Most importantly,we'll give you the Room to be yourself. Do you have what it takes to be a leader in theworld's most global hotel company? If so, get in touch and tell us how you could bringyour individual skills to IHG by clicking "Apply Online" now!  We are an equal opportunities employer..
'
'
'
'
Share this job
Catererglobal.com is a trademark of Totaljobs Group Ltd. © 2013 Copyright and database rights Totaljobs Group Ltd.Powered by .