Senior Chef De Partie - Crowne Plaza Abu Dhabi Yas Island with IHG - Crowne Plaza Hotels & Resorts - Middle East & Africa | 10879008
Jobseekers
|
Jobseekers
Senior Chef De Partie - Crowne Plaza Abu Dhabi Yas Island
Abu Dhabi, AE-AZ
0
Full job details
Recruiter
IHG - Crowne Plaza Hotels & Resorts - Middle East & Africa
Posted
01/05/2014 17:27:31
Ref
ABU002976
Location
Abu Dhabi, AE-AZ
Job Type
Chefs, Chef de Partie
Sector
Hotel
Job Level
Non-Management
Crowne Plaza® hotels look for people who excel in their role, and are committed to delivering excellent experiences for guests. People who create confidence, encourage success and make it happen!What's your passion? Whether you're into polka, painting or polo at InterContinental Hotel Group (IHG) we're interested in YOU! We employ people who apply the same amount of care and passion to their jobs as they do their hobbies - people who put our guests at the heart of everything they do. And we're looking for more people like this to join our friendly and professional team. Set on the banks of the creek and along the Links Championship Golf Course, Crowne Plaza Hotel is located at on one of the country's most ambitious developments, Yas Island. The close proximity to the airport and only 40 minutes into Abu Dhabi City makes this prime location an easy accessible choice for business & leisure travellers. We are currently looking to recruit a Senior Chef De Partie to join our Kitchen team. You will supervise and control the subordinates assigned to your shift under the direct guidance and instructions of the Executive Chef /Outlet Chef. You will also be responsible for the proper efficiency and profitable functioning of the assigned Kitchen.                        You will need to be flexible with working hours and be a team player. Fluency in English is required and previous kitchen experience in a similar position is preferred.  In return we offer competitive pay and benefits, and a chance to work with a great team of talented people. Most importantly, we'll give you the Room to be yourself. Do you have what it takes to be a leader in the world's most global hotel company? If so, get in touch and tell us how you could bring your individual skills to IHG by clicking "Apply Online" now!  We are an equal opportunities employer..
'
'
'
'
Share this job
Catererglobal.com is a trademark of Totaljobs Group Ltd. © 2013 Copyright and database rights Totaljobs Group Ltd.Powered by .