Lead Mobile Game Designer Abu Dhabi, UAE, Middle East | Mobile Games Jobs - Amiqus Recruitment Specialists for the Games Industry
Lead Mobile Game Designer Abu Dhabi, UAE, Middle East
Abu Dhabi, UAE, Middle East
01/05/14
€40,000
- €55,000
One of the largest publishers in the games industry has set up a new mobile studio in the heart of the middle east - Abu Dhabi. This role is working in a new and fresh mobile team full of talented people; they are not only working on several well known franchises but also their own IP. Based in high tech offices in the sun drenched and tax free haven of Abu Dhabi, this role has it all!
As Lead Designer you will be responsible for four other mid level and senior designers; you will lead a creative and design focused environment which has innovation at its heart. You will be responsible for facilitating this environment as well as bringing vague ideas and mechanics to a physical feature within a mobile game.
Ideally we are looking for:
Previous lead design experience in the games industry
Have worked on several projects from cradle to grave
Taken projects from prototype/concept stage to completion
Someone who is creative and takes inspiration from all walks of life
A talented communicator and leader
Someone who can relocate to Abu Dhabi
Mobile experience is a preference
This is a fantastic adventure and career opportunity, the role comes complete with a comprehensive relocation package and salary. For more information please call Alan Dixon on 01925 839 737 or email alan.dixon@amiqus.com or please apply.
Closing date 30/06/14
To apply for this position or to find out more information please contact:
Alan
Dixon via
email
or
telephone
01925 839 753.
Apply for Job
Job Title
Lead Mobile Game Designer, Abu Dhabi, UAE, Middle East
Name*
*
Email address*
*
*Please input a valid email address
Contact number*
*
Website/Portfolio
Detail
Your message
Upload your CV
(pdf, doc or docx files only)
*Required Fields
Registered address: Amiqus Limited. 3 Waterhouse Square, 138-142 Holborn, London EC1N 25W | Company No. 03930954
© 2014 Amiqus
Site Map