Senior Geophysicist Quantitative Interpretation Job ( ref : 7778305) in Abu Dhabi | Expat Engineer
Senior Geophysicist Quantitative Interpretation Job ( ref : 7778305) in Abu Dhabi | Expat Engineer
EXPAT ENGINEER
|
(Job Seeker)
Find »
Find »
ExpatEngineer has the best Engineering jobs, Oil & Gas jobs and E&P; jobs. A member of the Webjobz group of Employment Websites.
Industries
Construction, Architecture, Interior Design
Engineering
Manufacturing, Operations, Industrial
Mining, Oil & Gas
Science, Technology, R&D, Biotech
Trades, Services
Utilities
Employment types
All Job Types
Full Time
Permanent
Contract
Casual
Temporary
Part-Time
Sub-employment types
Apprentice
Volunteer
Internship
Self Employed
Commission Only
Seasonal
FIFO
DIDO
Home Based
Field Work
Fortune 500 company
Veteran Friendly
Parent Friendly
Recent Graduate Friendly
50+ Friendly
Indigenous Friendly
Socially Responsible
GLBT Friendly
Green/ECO Friendly
LOADING...
Senior Geophysicist Quantitative Interpretation Job ( ref : 7778305) in Abu Dhabi
›
›
›
| Expat Engineer
Senior Geophysicist Quantitative InterpretationMy client are a major oil and gas operator based in Abu Dhabi, working onshore and on shallow coastal development sites throughout Abu Dhabi. They require a Senior Geophysicist with Quantitative Interpretation expertise to join their Sub-Surface team in Abu Dhabi.The Senior Geophysicist will provide expert advice and lead appraisal and interpretation of geophysical data. You will perform highly specialized seismic interpretation assignments including interpretation of seismic geometries, facies and sequences; generating synthetic seismograms and identifying the effects of porefill modeling on synthetic seismograms; quantifying well to seismic matches; using amplitude versus offset, versus azimuth analyses of seismic data (if applicable) and linking seismic interpretation to reservoir modeling. You will also identify potential plays, prospects and redevelopment opportunities from a combination of seismic data and intimate knowledge of an integrated sub-surface model. Quantify uncertainties on the different phases of the work performed. Advise on effective field surveys and processing parameters. Ensure timely reporting of geophysical interpretation assignments and work closely with other members of assigned team to identify hydrocarbon accumulations. Advise on the integration of geophysical input into multi-disciplinary exploration, delineation and/or development teams/study groups.Accountabilities *Analyzes the quality of seismic data through quantitative assessment, taking into consideration all factors which may affect the quality of the data.*Interprets seismic geometries, sequences and facies, and integrate them with well data. Includes calibration of interpretations against well data and creation of correlation panels (in collaboration with Geologist) that integrate seismic interpretations with well data.*Use seismic data quantitatively to determine rock properties and fluid content. Includes the application of Inversion/ AVO techniques to recognize and risk pore-fill types. Includes 4D interpretation.*Advises on ranking generated prospects for long term exploration drilling programs by quantifying trap risk and uncertainty and optimizing volume estimation.*Generates synthetic seismographs and identify the effects of porefill modeling on the appearance of synthetic seismograms.*Identify potential hydrocarbon traps and spill-points on seismic sections using sonic and density logs to construct required trend curves.*Optimizes seismic data interpretation through utilization of advanced interpretations tools and techniques including seismic inversion; 4D; AVO analyses; linking to reservoir modeling; volume interpretation and visualization.*Use different displays to enhance the objectives of high resolution seismic surveys and interpret the data for leg penetration of offshore installations and shallow gas hazards.*Identify potential plays, prospects and redevelopment opportunities from a combination of seismic data and intimate knowledge of an integrated sub-surface model.*Carries out technical audits of interpretation work performed by consultants/contractors.*Ensures the preparation and updating of all geophysical data pertaining to assigned team. Includes verifying, validating, loading and updating data in seismic interpretation database and transfer to other platforms*Keeps abreast of technological development in the field of seismic acquisition processing and interpretation. Attends conferences, seminars and reviews technical periodicals.*Identifies opportunities to improve efficiency and reduce costs.*Participates in the training and development of assigned UAE national employees. Includes monitoring and reporting on progress and counseling employees, as required.
Jobs Like This
- Abu Dhabi
- Abu Dhabi
- Canton of Ticino
- Puurs
Want to know more ?
Apply Now
Ref /Job ID:
SGQI_7461 / 7778305
Industry:
Company:
Location:
›
Type:
Advertiser:
Posted:
01-05-2014
Closing:
08-05-2014
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
|