Manager - TAS - Infrastructure Advisory
Job Seekers
|
|
what:
where:
Ernst & Young
-
Abu Dhabi
As a Project Finance & Infrastructure Manager, you'll build and run a financial model. You'll explain the PF value proposition to a senior third party involved in a transaction and understand what other EY services might be sold to a client. Your main responsibilities will include:
► Understanding and interpreting the client's needs
► Drafting project briefs, term sheets and information memoranda with strong attention to detail
► Challenging assumptions being made in an assignment
► Drafting tender documentation
► Interpreting data from the financial model in order to inform the client
► Understanding all key financial and commercial implications of the assignment
► Identifying and analyzing key financial and commercial risk considerations.
► Explaining how changing market conditions (e.g., factors/trends) impact availability and pricing
of deals.
Client responsibilities
► Participate and assist in preparing presentations and pitches.
► Lead in preparing reports and models that will be delivered to clients and other parties.
► Develop and maintain productive working relationships with client personnel.
► Build client relationships
► Build strong internal relationships
People responsibilities
► Develop people through effectively supervising, coaching, and mentoring staff.
► Conduct performance reviews and contribute to performance feedback for staff.
► Contribute to people initiatives including recruiting, retaining and training staff.
► Maintain an educational program to continually develop personal skills.
► Understand and follow workplace policies and procedures.
Technical skills requirements
► Detailed knowledge of Project Financing and procurement
► Financial modelling skills
► Experience of managing transactions
Additional skills requirements
► Strong academic record including a degree
► Excellent analytical, interpersonal and teaming skills
► Effective written and verbal communication skills
► Strong work initiative and the ability to adapt to new challenges and ideas
► Proficiency in Arabic language skills are highly desirable
Who we are
At EY, we're committed to helping you achieve your potential. If you have the drive and determination to serve some of the world's most successful and influential organizations, we'll provide the scope and support to realize your professional and personal ambitions. Teaming with talented colleagues around the world, you'll discover a culture defined by integrity, respect and collaboration that produces inspiring results. With award-winning professional development and access to global opportunities in a challenging, high-performance environment, you'll be able to carve out a rewarding career that reflects your talents and aspirations.
Summary
Location:
Company:
Contract type: Permanent
Send to a friend
Your friend's email
Your full name
Your message
Manager - TAS - Infrastructure Advisory
http://www.careerjet.co.uk/jobview/5edf8651ee56aae48c5e20b9b8194f4c.html?affid=7b2e27d9738a79f5
|
|
|
|
© 2014 Careerjet