Valuation Executive
Job Seekers
|
|
what:
where:
Ernst & Young
-
Abu Dhabi
As a Business Modelling Senior, you will contribute technically to modelling engagements. You will review Excel models under supervision to arrive at preliminary conclusions and prepare reports of findings. For model builds you'll design, and build intermediate/complex models under supervision or on secondment. Using complex financial models, you'll produce clear analysis to support client needs. As a member of the team, you'll help to support a positive learning culture.
Client responsibilities
► Manage own time to budgets and communicate progress against plan to senior executive/assistant director
► Demonstrate commercial awareness and understanding of the client agenda with examples of this reflected in findings and work
► Build strong internal relationships within the business modelling team and across other service lines
► Develop and maintain productive working relationships with client personnel
► Work effectively as a team member, sharing responsibility, providing support, maintaining communication and updating senior team members on progress
People responsibilities
► Determine own learning and career development objectives, agree and manage own development plan
► Contribute to people initiatives, including recruiting, retaining and training business modelling professionals
Technical skills requirements
► Strong quantitative skills
► Demonstrable organization and self-management skills
► Highly numerate with a natural interest in Excel; some experience in financial modelling (for example, in the fields of acquisitions, refinancing, project finance or other corporate finance transactions) would be desirable
► Ability to understand, manipulate and interpret financial data and commercial documentation and reports, drawing appropriate conclusions
► Analytical in approach
► Strong team player
► Ability to remain calm under pressure
► Ability to learn quickly and keep abreast of developments
Additional requirements
► Ideally possess an accounting qualification
► Strong oral and written communication skills
► High degree of personal drive and motivation to succeed
► Proficiency in Arabic language skills are highly desirable
Who we are
The right transaction can enhance an organization's growth, competitiveness and profitability. Our V&BM; professionals play an integral role in helping clients effectively executive their transactions. As a valuation professional at Ernst & Young, you'll help global organizations make strategic decisions by providing responsive, objective advice on valuing businesses, shares and assets. As a business modelling professional you'll carry out model review, model support and model build services to assist clients with their strategic decisions. Clients will see you as a vital part of their team. Furthermore, you'll gain valuable experience across industries and geographies as a member of a market-leading practice offering a fully globally integrated transactions service. And we'll give you the opportunities and support you'll need to enjoy your work and achieve your potential.
Summary
Location:
Company:
Contract type: Permanent
Send to a friend
Your friend's email
Your full name
Your message
Valuation Executive
http://www.careerjet.co.uk/jobview/4877f81ee81b0668ffa7468baa093501.html?affid=7b2e27d9738a79f5
|
|
|
|
© 2014 Careerjet