Catering Supervisor (Female) jobs in Raj Associates Recruitment Services in Abu Dhabi - United Arab Emirates - Naukrigulf.com
Job Seekers Login:
|
Javascript is disabled.
Please enable javascript in your browser if you wish to apply to this job.
Apply Unsuccessful.
Your application for the job could not be completed because you have not provided the additional information requested by the Employer
Catering Supervisor (Female)
at Raj Associates Recruitment Services in
-
Posted: May
1, 2014 Exp:
2 - 5
yrs.
| Salary: $501 - $1000
| Opening(s): 1
Education: Basic - Any Graduation
Nationality: Any Nationality
Gender: Female
Industry Type:
/
/
/
Functional Area:
/
/
/
Your Message could not be sent.
Your message has been sent
Job Description
Share
A Luxurious 5-Star Hotel based in Abu Dhabi is looking for a suitable candidate for the position of Catering Supervisor for their new project.
Requirements:
Should have 2 to 5 years experience as a Catering Supervisor.
Nationality: Preferably Indian/Filipino
Salary Package: AED 2,500
Desired Candidate Profile
Requirements:
Should have 2 to 5 years experience as a Catering Supervisor.
Nationality: Preferably Indian/Filipino
Keyword:
|
Additional Information for this Job
Employer has requested some additional information along with your
Application for this Job* Mandatory fields
*
Q1:
Do you have 2-5 years experience as a Catering Supervisor in a Catering Company or a 4-5 Star Hotel?
Yes
No
Company Profile
One of the largest recruitment company in the Middle East and India with 35 years experience that will help you find the best candidates for your jobs faster, easier and more cost effectively. An ISO 9001 – 2000 Certified Quality Standard Company, specialized in industries like Construction, Oil & Gas, Power Plants, Banking & Finance, Legal Sectors, IT & Telecommunications, Hospitality and Water Treatment. Our Services: • Best solutions for all your recruitment and sourcing needs • Executive,
Permanent and Temporary Recruitment and Staffing Techniques •
Contact Details
Website
Disclaimer: Naukrigulf.com is only a platform to bring jobseekers & employers together. Applicants are advised to research the bonafides of the prospective employer independently. We do NOT endorse any requests for money payments and strictly advice against sharing personal or bank related information.We also recommend you visit
for more information. If you suspect any fraud or malpractice, email us at
To*
From*
Subject*
Email:
Password:
Upload a latest profile photo
A CV with photo has 40% higher chances of getting noticed by employers
Upload Profile Photo
This is how your profile photo will look like.To make adjustments, you can drag around and resize the yellow dashed-square on the right panel.
When you are satisfied with your photo click the "Save Photo" button.
Browse Jobs by
Jobs By Location
Jobs By Category
Job Seekers
Recruiters
Partner Sites
Company
Information
All rights reserved © 2001-
2014 Info Edge (India) Ltd.