YEAR 2 TEACHER - ABU DHABI CITY jobs, Abu Dhabi, £2100 - £2500 per month + tax free + package | Guardian Jobs
YEAR 2 TEACHER - ABU DHABI CITY
Employer:
Posted:
01 May 2014
Ref:
msyr2adc
Contact:
Michael Smith
Location:
Abu Dhabi
Industry:
Level:
Experienced (non manager)
Contract:
Permanent
Hours:
Full Time
Salary:
£2100 - £2500 per month + tax free + package
People who viewed this job also viewed
£1500 - £2700 per month + Accommodation, Medical Insurance, Tax Free
£2000 - £2700 per month + tax free + package
£17520 - £28800 per annum + Tax Free, accommodation, flights + more
Excellent tax-free salary, Furnished Accommodation, Baggage Allowance, Medical Insurance, Annual Air Ticket & Paid Annual Vacations
Competitive tax free salary, individual fully furnished accommodation, free schooling for up to two children, private medical insurance, annual airfares to country of residence, and end of Service Gratuity
Our client is a four stream primary school located in popular Abu Dhabi City, United Arab Emirates.A Year 2 vacancy has come to hand starting the new academic year in September 2014 (arrive mid August for orientation). The Principal is looking for a specialist to come on board who has a good track record of teaching at the lower primary level. The school follows the Primary Years Program (PYP) teaching predominately local Emirati children from middle and upper class families.You will be working in a great facility less than four years old that is well resourced and includes interactive whiteboards in all classrooms. The role would suit a candidate who is sensitive to working with Arab pupils/families. An ESL background is an advantage.Selection CriteriaYou must meet the following1. Hold a teaching qualification at primary level or early years with a minimum of three years tertiary training. (eg. B.Ed or M.Ed Primary).2. A minimum of two years experience post qualification. On-going PYP training provided3. Excellent team player who is a proven performer in diversifying their delivery to meet different ability levels of their pupils4. Available to arrive late August for orientation. School year starts first week of September 2014.The successful candidate will receive a salary up to 15000AED tax free a month (£2500/$4100USD) relative to experience/level of qualifications. Also included is a package that consists of furnished accommodation + basic utilities, annual flights, 21 days gratuity per year of service, medical cover, relocation allowance and work visa.To be considered for this attractive post please forward along an updated CV with photo to Michael Smith on the details below or click "Apply". Supporting references are welcomed. Interviews will take place in May.
You should never need to provide bank account details or any other financial information, or make any
form of payment, when applying for a job. If you are ever asked to do this by a recruiter on our
site please email
© 2008 - 2014 Guardian News and Media Limited, all rights reserved. Powered by Madgex .
This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies.