Business Risk Management Analyst Job in Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates
Email:
Password:
Keep me logged in
Powered by
You can checkout a maximum of 150 jobs.
Create a free virtual CV and let recruiters find you
Automatically have your profile matched to suitable Oil & Gas positions
Link to your profile using it as a free online CV
Store all your employment documents to your profile for easy sending
Always receive feedback on positions applied for
Advertise Oil and Gas jobs for free
Suitable candidates automatically matched to your position
View candidate profiles for free
No more waiting for candidates to respond to job advertisements
Only ever pay when you match a candidate to a position
No more cold calling and sorting through out dated CVs
Business Risk Management AnalystAdd to Jobs BasketYou can apply for up to 10 jobs at once by adding them to your basket.Application LimitCandidates can apply for up to 150 jobs in 28 days.
> Status: LiveProvides consulting services on Business Risk Management across the company. Promotes awareness of Business Risk Management (BRM) and facilitates workshops and the application of BRM techniques across all business activities and to all levels within client
Job DetailsLocation:
> Salary: Tax Free / Negotiable Working Locations: OfficePosted: 01/05/2014 07:14:00Expires: 08/05/2014 07:14:00Key Requirements
Bachelor	Degree	in Business Administration
or equivalent. Preferably a relevant	 professional
qualification	in BRM/ERM.
5 - 6 years experience at least of which 3 were in auditing or risk management	preferably
within oil and gas industry.
Ability	to	think strategically	with	a high level of understanding business process. Excellent presentation and communication skills.
Proficient in English Language.
Benefits:
42 calendar days paid leave within a calendar year
Entitlement for unfurnished family accommodation at a cost of AED 150,000/- plus Furniture Purchase Allowance
Educational Assistance: Max AED 35, 000/- per child per scholastic year for registration, tuition fees and text books against official receipts from accredited fee-paying schools for a maximum of 4 children between the age of 5 -18 years old. The assistance covers primary (grade 1), intermediate & secondary education in the UAE.
Industrial Insurance is provided by the Company whilst on duty.
End of Service Benefit: One month salary for each of the first 3 years of service. One and a half months salary for each subsequent years of service
Free medical insurance.Job Description
Provides consulting services on Business Risk Management across the company. Promotes awareness of Business Risk Management (BRM) and facilitates workshops and the application of BRM techniques across all business activities and to all levels within client
Consults and facilitates client risk analysis projects and other selected strategic activities as required by senior management.
Similar Jobs to Business Risk Management AnalystLiveBusiness Risk Management Analyst >
> Key RequirementsBachelor	Degree	in Business Administration
or equivalent. Preferably a relevant	 professional
qualification	in BRM/ERM.
5 - 6 years experience at least of which 3 were in auditing or risk management	preferably
within oil and gas industry.
Ability	to	think strategically	with	a high level of understanding business process. Excellent presentation and communication skills.
Proficient in English Language.
Benefits:
42 calendar days paid leave within a calendar year
Entitlement for unfurnished family accommodation at a cost of AED 150,000/- plus Furniture Purchase Allowance
Educational Assistance: Max AED 35, 000/- per child per scholastic year for registration, tuition fees and text books against official receipts from accredited fee-paying schools for a maximum of 4 children between the age of 5 -18 years old. The assistance covers primary (grade 1), intermediate & secondary education in the UAE.
Industrial Insurance is provided by the Company whilst on duty.
End of Service Benefit: One month salary for each of the first 3 years of service. One and a half months salary for each subsequent years of service
Free medical insurance.Job DescriptionProvides consulting services on Business Risk Management across the company. Promotes awareness of Business Risk Management (BRM) and facilitates workshops and the application of BRM techniques across all business activities and to all levels within client
Consults and facilitates client risk analysis projects and other selected strategic activities as required by senior management.Type:
Long Term Contract / OfficeSalary: Tax Free / NegotiableProvides consulting services on Business Risk Management across the company. Promotes awareness of Business Risk Management (BRM) and facilitates workshops and the application of BRM techniques across all business activities and to all levels within client
Posted: Thu 01 May at 7:14       Expires: Thu 08 May at 7:14LiveBusiness Planning Coordinator >
> Job DescriptionI am working with a major oil and gas operator who are based in Abu Dhabi. This company are a world leader in the petroleum industry and are currently rapidly expanding all of their upstream departments. To continue this rate of expansion and assist with satisfying their projected company objectives, they are seeking a Senior Business Development Planning Coordinator to join their Abu Dhabi based team.
The main responsibilities of this role will be:
- Oversee business plans, field development master plan, all technical and economic studies and ensuring compliance with the company's overall 5 year business plan
- Leads and coordinates the preparation and development of short/long term plans and programs for assigned area covering, business plan, field development master plan, performance enhancement program, quality improvement schemes, etc.
- Conduct technically/economical studies in conjunction with other departments/ pisions in support of such plans and programs and monitors and reports on pisional performance against them.
- Ensures that pisional plans are consistent with the company's objectives and guidelines. Participates and may lead annual self audit teams including setting teams objectives, terms of reference, plan of action, ensuring timely execution of audit program and timely reporting of audit findings and recommendations.
- Employs intimate knowledge of the operations requirement, company objectives and policies to ensure adequacy of various plans and prepares and uses advanced planning and analysis tools to ensure consistency of pisional plans with company objectives and targets.
- Includes risk assessment, bench marking, cost and sensitivity analysis using available software such as 3MS, IFS, IDSS, DEAP to obtain, analyze data and forecast planning options.
- Division's rolling 5 year Business Plan including the semi annual plan overview
- Highlights all expenditure items in excess of $ 0.5 million ensuring proper justifications are included for such items in the plan overview.
- Perpetrates technical write ups on reservoir, production, drilling, engineering and other related issues for inclusion in the plan document.
- Prepares and maintains the Field Master Plan for assigned area. Ensures the area's asset integrity is maintained at all times and clearly reflected in the plan document.
- Conducts technical/economical planning studies and prepares short and long term working programs in line with the pision's business, master plans objectives and Company guidelines
To be considered for this position, you must currently hold at least a BSc in Engineering and a minimum of 10 years planning experience in the Oil production industry.
This must include intimate knowledge of production and maintenance functions. You must have a very good knowledge of computer aided planning tools and an excellent command of the English language.
The company are offering a fantastic salary for this role. They also include a full expat package, which is extremely comprehensive. If you believe that you are the right person for this role, please apply today by following the on-screen links!Type:
Long Term Contract / OfficeSalary: Not statedI am working with a major oil and gas operator who are based in Abu Dhabi. This company are a world leader in the petroleum industry and are currently rapidly expanding all of thei...Posted: Thu 17 Apr at 9:00       Expires: Thu 15 May at 9:00
Featured Recruiters
GOWell is an high-tech company that develops, manufactures and commercializes wireline logging tools with R&D groups based in Houston (USA) and Xi'an and Beijing (China) committed to finding innovative and highly reliable business solutions.
We strive to get closer to our clients and accordingly our growing footprint includes sales offices located in Houston, Dubai, Calgary, Venezuela and Baku.
For more information, visit our website:
Cenergy is a dynamic company that supplies expert workforce solutions to the oil and gas industry. We provide specialized energy personnel, safety solutions, inspection solutions, logistics and vendor management support.
We provide logistics assistance by meeting our clients' planning, dispatching and tracking needs for marine, air, and ground transportation.
Visit our website: .
Orion Group are one of the world's leading engineering recruitment agencies specialising in contract and permanent manpower for the majority of the world's largest energy specialists.
The group have 34 offices located internationally from Calgary and Houston to offices in the Middle East and Asia Pacific.
Visit Orion Group at .
© 2009-2014 oilandgaspeople.com
|