Fire and Safety Technician jobs in WTS Energy in Abu Dhabi - United Arab Emirates - Naukrigulf.com
Job Seekers Login:
|
Javascript is disabled.
Please enable javascript in your browser if you wish to apply to this job.
Apply Unsuccessful.
Your application for the job could not be completed because you have not provided the additional information requested by the Employer
Fire and Safety Technician
at WTS Energy in
-
Posted: Apr 29, 2014 Exp:
5 - 10
yrs.
| Opening(s): 10
Other Benefits: • Type: Direct Hire
• Location: Abu Dhabi
• Rotation: 4 weeks ON, 4 weeks OFF
• Competitive Salary
Education: Basic - Diploma
Nationality: Indian
Industry Type:
/
Functional Area: Other
Your Message could not be sent.
Your message has been sent
Job Description
Share
WTS Energy is running a Recruitment Campaign in India (From 23rd May – 4th June) for a National Oil Company in Abu Dhabi, to recruit various positions (150+ Positions – Mid to Senior Levels) including 10 Fire and Safety Technician positions (Direct Hire - 6 Weeks ON / 3 Weeks Off)
Only candidates can attend the interview in INDIA (During - 23rd May till 4th June) need to apply.
Purpose
Supervises and directs the activities of the Electrical Section. Provides specialist technical advice, ensures design optimization and the application of correct codes and Standards in the development of projects.
Responsibilities
• Supervises the design works and feasibility studies performed by both the Engineering Consultants and by subordinates, to ensure that they are in accordance with the technical requirements. Review and approve drawings, specifications and other technical documents for all discipline related work and ensure the incorporation of the comments and requirements of the user.
• Develops company standards, specifications and guidelines for in-house use or by contractors.
• Develops and issues statements of requirements for the works and ensures its approval by user.
• Supervises and participates in the development of the scope of work for both in-house & Engineering Contractors/Consultants for major project and follow-up during the execution of basic and detailed engineering.
• Review bidders list and bid documents for contract/purchase orders relating to Electrical material. Supervises and participates in the technical evaluation of tenders/bids and selection of material and issuance of recommendation.
• Ensures that state-of-the-art technology is applied throughout the engineering and material selection for cost-effective solutions and application of value added engineering throughout the assigned works.
• Provides expert technical guidance to assigned engineers involved in all phases of ongoing works. Ensures training of subordinates for their development.
• Develops and monitors the implementation of engineering quality assurance procedures related to his discipline.
Keyword: Safety Technician fire technician
safety management
Fire and Safety Technician f & s technician Fire Safety
|
Additional Information for this Job
Employer has requested some additional information along with your
Application for this Job* Mandatory fields
*
Q1:
Are you Indian nationality with offshore experience
Yes
No
Company Profile
WTS Energy is the leading Consultant/Manpower Supply company to the International Oil, Gas an Energy industry. We supply Consultants to the Projects and Operations of our Clients. We also perform Outsourcing Services like Project Recruitment Campaigns and Workforce Management in Oil and Gas regions around the world. We operate globally with offices in 12 countries.
Contact Details
Name/ Designation: Abdul Bari - Senior Business Manager
difc
dubai
UAE
56567
Disclaimer: Naukrigulf.com is only a platform to bring jobseekers & employers together. Applicants are advised to research the bonafides of the prospective employer independently. We do NOT endorse any requests for money payments and strictly advice against sharing personal or bank related information.We also recommend you visit
for more information. If you suspect any fraud or malpractice, email us at
To*
From*
Subject*
Email:
Password:
Upload a latest profile photo
A CV with photo has 40% higher chances of getting noticed by employers
Upload Profile Photo
This is how your profile photo will look like.To make adjustments, you can drag around and resize the yellow dashed-square on the right panel.
When you are satisfied with your photo click the "Save Photo" button.
Browse Jobs by
Jobs By Location
Jobs By Category
Job Seekers
Recruiters
Partner Sites
Company
Information
All rights reserved © 2001-
2014 Info Edge (India) Ltd.