Maintenance job at Boeing Company - Support Equipment Coordinator
@import url(http://www.jsfirm.com/CuteEditor_Files/Style/SyntaxHighlighter.css);
Location Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirate
Security Clearance Required? No Security Clearance Required
about security clearance definitions
Position Description
This position is for a C17 Field Services Support Equi
Loading, please wait...
JOB SEEKERS
Search aviation jobs!
Get online today.
It's FREE.
Maintain and apply for aviation jobs.
Popular Jobs
Company Information
Company / Job Detail Information as selected:
Position Maintenance / Support Equipment Coordinator
Position Type:
Permanent
Company:
Boeing Company
Fax Number:
()
Address:
100 North RiversideChicagoIllinois60606USA
Web Address:
Company Info:
Boeing is the world‘s leading aerospace company and the largest manufacturer of commercial jetliners and military aircraft combined. Additionally, Boeing designs and manufactures rotorcraft, electronic and defense systems, missiles, satellites, launch vehicles and advanced information and communication systems. As a major service provider to NASA, Boeing operates the Space Shuttle and International Space Station. The company also provides numerous military and commercial airline support services. Boeing has customers in more than 90 countries around the world and is one of the largest U.S. exporters in terms of sales.
Boeing has a long tradition of aerospace leadership and innovation. The company continues to expand its product line and services to meet emerging customer needs. The broad range of capabilities includes creating new, more efficient members of its commercial airplane family; integrating military platforms, defense systems and the warfighter through network-centric operations; creating advanced technology solutions; and arranging innovative customer-financing solutions.
Headquartered in Chicago, Boeing employs more than 170,000 people across the United States and in 70 countries. This represents one of the most diverse, talented and innovative workforces anywhere. More than 90,000 of our people hold college degrees--including nearly 29,000 advanced degrees--in virtually every business and technical field from approximately 2,700 colleges and universities worldwide. Our enterprise also leverages the talents of hundreds of thousands more skilled people working for Boeing suppliers worldwide.
Supported Manufacturers:
Boeing
More Jobs:
Job Information
Job Title:
Support Equipment Coordinator
Location:
International International
Salary Range:
Neg-Neg
Job Desc:
Location Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirate
Security Clearance Required? No Security Clearance Required
Position Description
This position is for a C17 Field Services Support Equipment Technician to coordinate the maintenance and calibration of Support Equipment in the United Arab Emirates. The position will initially be based near Dubai and will transition to Abu Dhabi when new facilities have been completed. The successful applicant will coordinate maintenance requirements and will plan, research, develop, analyze and retrofit repair solutions that comply with customer, regulatory, and Company requirements. They will also define the procedures, special tooling, kit requirements, work packages, and material requirements for accomplishment of inspections, modifications, improvement changes, and repairs of delivered products. They will plan and coordinate modifications, maintenance, and repair of enterprise products and assist engineering staff in planning and incorporating improvements. Responsible for assisting project development, planning, implementation, management, and technical support activities related to Support Equipment maintenance, modifications, calibration, proof load test and repairs per established customer, regulatory, and company requirements. Will also review and recommend projects and proposals for aircraft support equipment modification. Required to manage moderately complex or multiple projects, and develop, coordinate and forecast requirements. Will monitor project performance and risks and take necessary corrective action. A highly energetic, skilled professional is required to fill this position supporting the 24/7 operations of the United Arab Emirates C-17 fleet. The successful applicant will also be required to assist in the planning and the execution of the move from the current operating location to the new location in Abu Dhabi.
Competencies
Communication
Competencies
Customer Focus
Competencies
Field Services
Competencies
Influences Others
Competencies
Provides Technical Support
Competencies
Scheduling Requirements
Basic Qualifications For Consideration
Do you have a basic trade qualification as a support equipment technician
Do you have the ability to satisfy all UAE labor and immigration formalities?
Typical Education/Experience
High school diploma or equivalent and typically 5 or more years’ experience in maintenance of Aerospace support equipment or an equivalent combination of education and experience. Field experience in supporting military airlift is highly desirable. Experience working with International customers would be an advantage. Familiarity with the Arabic culture preferred
Other Job related information
This requisition is for an international, locally hired position located in the United Arab Emirates. Please, list all countries of citizenship you hold. Incumbent must be able to periodically travel, principally in the Middle East but possibly elsewhere as dictated by job requirements. Benefits and pay will be determined at the local level and are not part of Boeing US-based payroll, and will be commensurate with experience and qualifications and in accordance with applicable UAE Law. The employment is subject to the candidate’s ability to satisfy all UAE labor and immigration formalities and to obtain a UAE Security Clearance. The job requisition can be closed early depending on the suitability of the candidates.
Business Unit Defense, Space&Security
Division Global Services & Support
Program Mm & U
Job Type Non-Management
Experience Level Career/Experienced
US Person Status Required? No
Closing Date: 04/29/2014
Requirements:
Travel:
Relocation:
Job Ident #:
14-1005869
Benefits:
Yes
Thank you for your interest...
Company:
Boeing Company
Job Title:
Support Equipment Coordinator
There are two ways to apply for this job:
Apply as a Guest
Email Address:
*Invalid Email
OR
Login and Apply
Login:
Password:
Please note by applying to this job you are agreeing to the Terms and Conditions for the JSfirm website.
Thank you for your interest...
Company:
Job Title:
There are two ways to apply for this job:
Apply as a Guest
OR
Login and Apply
Login:
Password:
Please note by applying to this job you are agreeing to the Terms and Conditions for the JSfirm website.
EMPLOYERS
receive great response!
1000's of aviation resumes available.
update jobs, view applicants, search
aviation jobs.
to aviation employers.
send a message. JSfirm will call!
Resumes
JSfirm, LLC
Fort Worth, TX
All rights reserved. ©2001-2014 JSfirm