Co-Brands - Senior Manager
Job Seekers
|
|
what:
where:
Synergy
-
Abu Dhabi
Product Development
Responsible for the development and execution of superior marketing programs to acquire new customers for co-brand credit cards. Formulate product strategies to grow market share and enhance profitability of co-brand product portfolio. Conceptualise, propose and implement new co-brand card propositions and strategic marketing alliances to ensure high visibility to enhance customer base, spend and add to the product value proposition. Constantly monitor market trends to ensure that any new developments either technology driven or other, are incorporated into the offerings of the bank.
Partner Relationship Management
Understand partner’s objective(s) and help full fill them. This includes but not limited to card portfolio profitability as well as meeting partner’s revenue projection from the co-brand card programs Enforce regular meetings conducted and agreed reports submitted in a timely manner with partners. Explore and seek other products/opportunities outside of co-brand card to propose to partner to increase Banks's stake in the partnership and improve partner’s satisfaction.
Marketing Communications
Contribute constructively and creatively in the planning, development and implementation stages of all acquisition programs to drive maximum product sales and awareness of the credit cards. Monitor and control the advertising and promotion funds allocated to co-brand card programs.
Sales & Acquisition
Contribute constructively and creatively in the planning, development and implementation stages of all acquisition programs to drive maximum product sales and awareness of the credit cards. Work with Sales to develop incentive and/or sales programs to drive acquisition. Liaise with the Sales Managers to ensure proper and timely execution of these promotions and administration by the sales staff. Work closely with external partners, vendors, and other internal departments to achieve business objectives. Monitor and analyse performance of all acquisition programs to ensure results are on track and if not, to identify the problems/issues and recommend solutions to rectify them.
Summary
Location:
Company:
Contract type: Permanent
Send to a friend
Your friend's email
Your full name
Your message
Co-Brands - Senior Manager
http://www.careerjet.co.uk/jobview/efb125182ea078d860e1c54a3e974d51.html?affid=7b2e27d9738a79f5
|
|
|
|
© 2014 Careerjet