Senior Instrument Technician jobs in Al Maharah Oilfield & Recruitmant Services L.L.C in Abu Dhabi - United Arab Emirates - Naukrigulf.com
Job Seekers Login:
|
Senior Instrument Technician
at Al Maharah Oilfield & Recruitmant Services L.L.C in
-
Posted: Apr 30, 2014 Exp:
8 - 15
yrs.
| Opening(s): 1
Education: Basic - Diploma(Instrumentation & Control)
Nationality: Any Nationality
Gender: Male
Industry Type:
/
Functional Area:
Your Message could not be sent.
Your message has been sent
Job Description
Share
Vacancy:
Senior Instrument Technician
Urgently required for Oil & Gas industry Sector in Abu Dhabi
Minimum Requirements:-
	Secondary Education followed by 2 years formal training leading to a Diploma in Electrical Electronic or Instrumentation related to control systems.
	8 years experience in the maintenance and repair of pneumatic and electronic instrumentation
	Good knowledge of spoken and written English
Job Purpose :-
	Installs, overhauls, commissions, maintain and repairs electrical, electronic, pneumatic, mechanical and analytical instrument and control systems used in water power generation, utility, Oil & Gas cluster, Guiding the instrument technicians on their jobs and diagnosing faults
	Receives work
assignments from supervisor and works either alone or with the assistance of fitters/ helpers as required
	Installs, maintains and repair, electronic, pneumatic, mechanical and analytical instruments and control systems on Oil & Gas cluster process plants. Work may be performed on site or in workshop as assigned by instruments supervisor(ZC)
	Coordinates supervisor in faults, required repair, required spares and general improvement to the system
	Trouble- shoots control related minor problems and report major problems and emergencies to instrument supervisor
	Maintains tools/test
equipment in safe/ reliable condition, maintain good housekeeping
	Performs other duties as assigned such as taking part in training/ developing new recruits/ UAE national employees/ developers.
	Participates in Emergency team or medical team as assigned. Participate in group safety meeting
	Works in line with HSE policy, and ensures awareness and compliance of HSE rules and regulations by subordinates.
Please send your detailed CV, showing your Date of Birth, Nationality & Passport No., to our e-mail address
shelmest@emirates.net.ae
Keyword: Installs
Instrument & Control System
|
Company Profile
We are manpower consultant based in Abu Dhabi and providing manpower to Oil & Gas Industry Sector in Abu Dhabi since 1990.
Contact Details
Name/ Designation: Mali - HR Admin.
Reference CodeJD325-03-137
Disclaimer: Naukrigulf.com is only a platform to bring jobseekers & employers together. Applicants are advised to research the bonafides of the prospective employer independently. We do NOT endorse any requests for money payments and strictly advice against sharing personal or bank related information.We also recommend you visit
for more information. If you suspect any fraud or malpractice, email us at
To*
From*
Subject*
Email:
Password:
Upload a latest profile photo
A CV with photo has 40% higher chances of getting noticed by employers
Upload Profile Photo
This is how your profile photo will look like.To make adjustments, you can drag around and resize the yellow dashed-square on the right panel.
When you are satisfied with your photo click the "Save Photo" button.
Browse Jobs by
Jobs By Location
Jobs By Category
Job Seekers
Recruiters
Partner Sites
Company
Information
All rights reserved © 2001-
2014 Info Edge (India) Ltd.