Chef De Cuisine - The Market Kitchen with Le Royal Meridien Abu Dhabi | 10878343
Jobseekers
|
Jobseekers
Chef De Cuisine - The Market Kitchen
Abu Dhabi, AE-AZ
0
Full job details
Recruiter
Le Royal Meridien Abu Dhabi
Posted
30/04/2014 17:28:19
Ref
57651383en
Location
Abu Dhabi, AE-AZ
Job Type
Chefs, Executive Chef
Sector
Hotel
Job Level
Management
Chef De Cuisine - The Market Kitchen Company Starwood Hotels Worldwide Inc
Location Unlock a rewarding career with Le Meridien – A forward looking life style brand from Starwood Hotels and Resort.
At Le Royal Meridien Abu Dhabi, we offer exceptional benefits including tax free income, world class training programs and strategic career development to inspire our associates to achieve their career goals while positively impacting the lives of our guests and their fellow associates. Our team is growing now with an extensive expansion close to completion and we are seeking the right talent to fit in various positions.
Le Royal Meridien Abu Dhabi boasts 276 guest rooms, 10 food and beverage outlets, extensive conference and banqueting facilities with 10 meeting options, Spa, Gym, indoor pool and Jacuzzi, outdoor pool and gardens and a covered kid’s pool. Currently the hotel is transforming with all renovated rooms, public areas and restaurants. If you think you can add value to this sophisticated transformation journey, Step in and share the excitement!
Department Kitchen/Culinary
Job Description •
To uphold the Culinary Concepts Values and Mission Statement while performing positional responsibilities and adhering to Culinary Concepts company policies and procedures, as stated in Employee Handbook.
• Treat every guest, partner and vendor with respect and dignity.•
Report to work on time, clean shaven and in proper uniform.•
Ensure that team is on time and in position.•
Effectively communicates with the team, utilizes constant verbal communication to motivate.•
Ensure the highest levels of cleanliness and organization are maintained in the kitchen at all times, without exception.
All sanitation and health department codes and company checklists must be followed at all times.
•
Oversee kitchen safety.•
Oversee Daily and Detail Kitchen Cleaning Checklists•
Ensure that kitchen is properly equipped and in good repair•
Ensure the proper execution of all recipes.•
Conduct Line Checks and oversee the line check process for all shifts to ensure quality levels.•
Ensure proper and timely execution of food (accurate plating, hot food hot and cold food cold). All food served within the allotted time frame. Expedite when necessary.•
Oversee the sourcing of product. Ensures the purchase of the best quality ingredients, the proper spec and the right price. •
Ensure that all health department and company policies and procedures for receiving, storage and rotation are being followed.•
Follow all Culinary Concepts guidelines for daily operating procedures (line check, Station schematics, Protein Tracking Sheet)•
Ensure that all product received is processed via approved Culinary Concepts Inventory control procedures (PO’s, proper counts and weights, handling shorts, Converting PO’s)•
Follows production and ordering systems and updates pars in accordance with current business levels. Prioritize production every shift. Check production for next day, be proactive.•
Follow all company policies and procedures for inventory controls•
Follow all company policies and procedures for budgeting and reporting• Oversee the Butchering by maintaining product quality and appropriate yields •
Oversee Family Meal planning and production•
Accurately plan menus, prepare recipes and determine related costs. Works on new dishes when time allows.•
Oversee yield tests (being done daily and accurately)•
Ensure proper staffing and schedules per business levels. Make adjustments where necessary to run an efficient operation.•
Ensure daily line up of culinary team every shift•
Achieve success in reaching budgeted targets for payroll, food and other controllable expenses.•
Leads by example, mentors and develops Sous Chefs and all culinary staff. •
Execute employee evaluations and monitor pay rates, raises and promotions•
Document and file culinary staff warnings, suspensions and terminations•
Validate all positional and Sous Chef training• Trains and educates front of house staff in shift meetings•
Follow directions given by Supervisor•
Perform other job related activities as required or assigned by supervisor
Requirements Food Handler’s Permit is necessary. Culinary degree and five years of related work experience required.
Must have basic math skills and be capable of operating department specific software and applications.
Share this job
Catererglobal.com is a trademark of Totaljobs Group Ltd. © 2013 Copyright and database rights Totaljobs Group Ltd.Powered by .