Income Auditor Job In
- Fairmont Hotels And Resorts - Accounting / Finance, Cool Jobs, Hotel / Resort / Lodging, Hospitality Career
Candidate registration Employer registration
Forgot password
Sign in Candidate registration
Sign in Candidate registration
Sign in Employer registration
|
text.subscribe:
Income Auditor
Employer:
Job Ref:
ADC00655
Industry:
Accounting / Finance
Cool Jobs
Hotel / Resort / Lodging
Hospitality
Job Type:
Full Time
Country:
United Arab Emirates
City:
Abu Dhabi
Post Date:
02/10/2014 09:05 PM
Income Auditor
Monitors and records all income and postings through the process of a detailed daily audit. This audit ensures the accurate recording and classification of revenue and related transactions and enables detection of discrepancies in this process. Hotel Overview:
Fairmont Bab Al Bahr, "gateway to the sea" boasts a prime location at the mainland gateway to the cosmopolitan city of Abu Dhabi, the capital of the United Arab Emirates. With its strikingly contemporary architecture, this beachfront business hotel offers the highest level of comfort and elegance throughout its 369 guestrooms and suites, including the ultimate exclusive lifestyle hotel experience with Fairmont Gold
Summary of Responsibilities:
Reporting to the Chief Accountant, responsibilities and essential job functions include but are not limited to the following:
Consistently offers professional, engaging and friendly service
The ability to monitor and ensures correct classification of all revenue, with particular attention to miscellaneous and account payable related revenues. Reviews banquet checks against Catering Orders for accuracy of preparation.
The ability to prepare and input the following month-end documents for general ledger processing: Revenue Journal, Cash Receipts Journal,
The ability to review various miscellaneous revenue areas, including, but not limited to, the following: Health Club, Internet, Trasportation, Laundry/Valet and Telephone.
The ability to report any revenue variances to postings and initiates the process of solving these detected variances.
The ability to accurately reconcile specific General Ledger accounts as assigned by the Controller or Assistant Controller.
The ability to investigate any discrepancies or problems that may occur with any of the daily work.
The ability to prepare and distribute the Daily Operations Package.
The ability to review the update and ensure all daily work is in balance.
The ability to respond properly in any hotel emergency or safety situation.
The ability to perform other tasks or projects as assigned by hotel management and staff.
Qualifications:
Previous experience is an asset
Preferred degree/diploma in Accounting/Business/Hotel Management.
Previous Hotel Night Audit or Front Office or Cashiering experience required.Computer literate, familiar with Excel, Property Manager - Opera, Micros and MS Office.
Must be able to work well under pressure.
Must be able to work a flexible schedule.
Strong organizational skills with demonstrated numerical aptitude required.
Excellent communication skills and professional demeanour required
Visa Requirements:
Please note that you must be eligible to live and work in Abu Dhabi. Fairmont Bab Al Bahr will cover visa costs and flights for selected candidates from place of origin.
Living and working in Abu Dhabi: Abu Dhabi, the capital, is the largest of the 7 Emirates which make up the United Arab Emirates, one of the world fastest growing tourist destinations. When you choose to live and work in Abu Dhabi, you will find that we offer competitive salaries, service charge, quality medical benefits, meals and furnished accommodation. There are currently no income taxes in the United Arab Emirates. Abu Dhabi"s heritage is rooted in Islamic traditions and living here will prove to be a unique life experience. For more information about living in Abu Dhabi, we suggest you visit the following websites:
http://www.visitabudhabi.ae/
http://www.auhcustoms.gov.ae/
http://www.abudhabi.com/
http://www.ask-ali.com/ APPLY TODAY: Whether you're launching your career or seeking meaningful employment, we invite you to visit www.fairmontcareers.com to learn more about Fairmont Hotels & Resorts and the extraordinary opportunities that exist!ABOUT FAIRMONT HOTELS & RESORTS At Fairmont Hotels & Resort we offer our guests the finest hospitality experience in each of our destinations. And we know that, to offer our guests the best, we first need to offer our employees the best. That's why you'll find exceptional work opportunities - throughout North America and the Caribbean, Europe and Africa, the Middle East and Asia Pacific - as well as industry - leading training, career development, recognition and rewards. Fairmont Hotels & Resorts is a celebrated collection of hotels that includes landmark locations like London's The Savoy, New York's The Plaza, and Shanghai's Fairmont Peace Hotel. Our teams are guided by values of Respect, Integrity, Teamwork and Empowerment; we employ the highest ethical and quality standards, treating all colleagues with fairness and dignity. A community and environmental leader, Fairmont is also regarded for its responsible tourism practices and award - winning Green Partnership program. An exciting future awaits!
Action
Featured jobs
|
Boulder
|
San Francisco
|
Boulder
|
Steamboat Springs
|
Phoenix
Featured employers
Industry Guides:
Employment:
Company Info:
Copyright © 1999 - 2014 JobMonkey, Inc. All rights reserved.