Cabin Crew: Rome 26 May
View more
Find out more
Job details
Salary band
Any
Salary details
Competitive Tax Free Salary
Location
Job type
Full time
Company
Contact
ccrecruitment
Job categories
Posted
30/04/2014
Expires
28/05/2014
Share this job
Job Description
We are the national airline of the United Arab Emirates, based in Abu Dhabi. Our Cabin Crew are an award winning team of over 4000 service professionals, based in Abu Dhabi, the cosmopolitan and cultural capital of the United Arab Emirates. Our team is truly multi-cultural and is made up of nationals from over 110 countries. They are our ambassadors, and the ambassadors of our home Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates representing us whilst flying all over the world to destinations in Europe, North and South America, Africa, Asia and Australia caring for our guests with traditional Arabic warmth and respect in a fleet of state of the art luxurious new aircraft.Our Cabin Crew team is made up of Cabin Crew, Food and Beverage Managers, In-flight Chefs, Cabin Seniors and Cabin Managers.Depending on your experience, you could join us as a Cabin Crew member, a Food and Beverage Manager or an In-flight Chef.
WHAT WE EXPECT
Our Cabin Crew are an award winning team. In 2013, for the fourth year, we won the "Middle East's Leading Cabin Staff" award at the World Travel Awards Middle East. Also in 2013, we won the prestigious accolade of "World's Leading Airline Cabin Crew" at the World Travel Awards. In fact these awards join a long list of awards that we have won and win every year. To join us you will be the best and you will ensure that you contribute to the success of the world's leading airline (World Travel Awards).
You will ensure that you exceed our guests' expectations onboard and deliver great service 100% of the time, whilst offering a unique taste of United Arab Emirates hospitality - cultured, considerate, warm and generous.
WHAT YOU WILL DO
As one of our Cabin Crew you must ensure the safety of our guests as well as providing great service at all times. You will inspire our guests, display a high degree of motivation, enthusiasm and commitment in everything you do and be an ambassador for Etihad Airways and the United Arab Emirates wherever you are in the world.
WHAT WE OFFER
Fantastic tax-free salary which is competitive within the industry and reviewed on a regular basis.
Free accommodation in a modern shared fully-furnished apartment, with your own private facilities. Everything is provided for you to ensure that you have a safe, secure and comfortable home in Abu Dhabi.
Etihad transport to take from your accommodation to the airport for your flight duties and then to bring you back home again after your flight.
Access to exclusive state of the art Etihad swimming pools, health clubs and fitness centres at no cost, and reduced rate massage, hairdressing and beauty treatments to keep you looking your best.
Leading airline travel benefits including unlimited personal travel at special rates, an annual leave ticket and generous concessions for family and friends to use.
Excellent free private medical insurance and life/accident insurance.
Annual leave of 30 days.
Genuine advantages for career progression in a fast paced dynamic working environment.
Special discounts at restaurants, shops, hotels and leisure facilities across the United Arab Emirates and the region.
MINIMUM CRITERIA AND QUALIFICATIONS
To become one of our award winning Cabin Crew you will need to meet the following criteria and qualifications:
Minimum age 21 years.
Fluent in English; verbal, written and comprehension.
Fluency in another language is an advantage.
Must be confident in water and be able to swim with the aid of a flotation device.
Able to reach 210cms without shoes.
No tattoos that would be visible whilst wearing the Etihad uniform (bandages and cosmetic coverings are not permitted).
No body piercings that would be visible whilst wearing the Etihad uniform, other than one earring in the lower lobe of each ear for females only (bandages and cosmetic coverings are not permitted).
Educated to a minimum level of accredited secondary education or equivalent.
Never convicted of a criminal offence.
Excellent personal presentation, style and image.
Strong interpersonal and communication skills.
Willing to comply with UAE and GCAA visa, medical and health screening requirements.
RECRUITMENT PROCESSThis is an invitation only assessment. You must apply online and receive an invitation to attend this assessment.
Email me this job
To address:
From address:*
Message:
I found this job on Jobs.CabinCrew.com that I think you would like...
* Optional
Opens in a new window andgoes to an external website
Jobs like this from Etihad Airways
Posted by Etihad Airways on 27/04/2014
Posted by Etihad Airways on 06/05/2014
Posted by Etihad Airways on 30/04/2014
Share this job
© Emirates 2011