Senior Electrical Technician jobs in Al Maharah Oilfield & Recruitment Services L.L.C in Abu Dhabi - United Arab Emirates - Naukrigulf.com
Job Seekers Login:
|
Senior Electrical Technician
at Al Maharah Oilfield & Recruitment Services L.L.C in
-
Posted: Apr 30, 2014 Exp:
8 - 15
yrs.
| Opening(s): 1
Education: Basic - Diploma(Electrical)
Nationality: Any Nationality
Gender: Male
Industry Type:
/
Functional Area:
Your Message could not be sent.
Your message has been sent
Job Description
Share
Vacancy:
Senior Electrical Technician
Urgently required for Oil & Gas industry Sector in Abu Dhabi
Minimum Requirements:-
	Secondary education certificate followed by 2 years formal training in Electrical technology
	8 years experience in electric maintenance and repair work of H.V/ L.V electrical equipment
	Good knowledge of English
Job Purpose :-
	Supervises directs and/or participates in carrying out the activates of the assigned personnel involved in electrical maintenance team. The work includes preventive and breakdown maintenance of various type of motors, electronic control systems, wiring, contacts, resistances and lighting systems.
	Supervises planned and breakdown electrical maintenance work carried out by electricians and contractors personnel on and/or offshore installations as required. Includes supervising the repair and maintenance of such equipment at the Abu Dhabi workshop ensuring that work is done according to company's specifications and standards/ regulations.
	Issues and controls isolation certificates/electrical work permits in accordance with company safety regulations and the general rules relative to control and safe operation and maintenance of electrical apparatus on power network.
	Ensures availability of adequate supplies of stores and spare parts required for maintenance and repair work and initiates necessary materials requisition for replenishment of the stock.
	To performs on
temporary basis, the assignments of Utility Team Electrical supervisor, in additional to his own
assignment, in case of Electrical Supervisor absence
	Performs other related duties such as training subordinates, observing safety regulations, reading and interpreting A/C and D/C circuit diagrams, preparing preliminary drawings of circuits, ensuring that emergency batteries are changed at all times etc.
	Diagnoses faults and guides electricians in the repair of switch – boards, faulty breakers earth linkages, alarm
system, and ensures proper functioning of navigational/ directional lighting on marine craft or offshore installations at all times
Please send your detailed CV, showing your Date of Birth, Nationality & Passport No., to our e-mail address
shelmest@emirates.net.ae
Keyword:
H.V/L.V
|
Company Profile
We are manpower consultant based in Abu Dhabi and providing manpower to Oil & Gas Industry Sector in Abu Dhabi since 1990.
Contact Details
Name/ Designation: Mali - HR Admin.
Reference CodeJD310-03-136
Disclaimer: Naukrigulf.com is only a platform to bring jobseekers & employers together. Applicants are advised to research the bonafides of the prospective employer independently. We do NOT endorse any requests for money payments and strictly advice against sharing personal or bank related information.We also recommend you visit
for more information. If you suspect any fraud or malpractice, email us at
To*
From*
Subject*
Email:
Password:
Upload a latest profile photo
A CV with photo has 40% higher chances of getting noticed by employers
Upload Profile Photo
This is how your profile photo will look like.To make adjustments, you can drag around and resize the yellow dashed-square on the right panel.
When you are satisfied with your photo click the "Save Photo" button.
Browse Jobs by
Jobs By Location
Jobs By Category
Job Seekers
Recruiters
Partner Sites
Company
Information
All rights reserved © 2001-
2014 Info Edge (India) Ltd.