Credit Investment Analyst - Credit Hedge Fund Opportunities
Credit Investment Analyst - Credit Hedge Fund Opportunities
Location:  --Abu Dhabi
Salary:  GBP98000 - GBP150000 per annum + TAX FREE SALARY, BONUS +TAX FREE PACKAGECredit Investment Analyst – Credit Hedge FundsUnited Arab Emirates£80,000 - £150,000 + All tax free base salary + expat package
The CompanyThey are a highly successful global institutional investor whose success derives from investment in a wide diversity of asset classes via direct and active investment management strategies. Excellent career opportunities exist. The salary is dependent on experience.
The RoleA recent surge in its AUM has resulted in a decision to focus more on credit strategies for some of its portfolios. You will report to the CIO of the Active Investment Strategies Department which invests globally in hedge funds and active trading mandates across different investment strategies. You will be responsible for sourcing, monitoring and managing mainly Credit oriented hedge fund investments as well as opportunistic / non correlated investments in public and private securities. The role requires a broad base of highly technical investment experience with a strong emphasis being on hedge fund due diligence focussed on credit hedge fund investment.
Who they are looking for
To be considered for this outstanding opportunity, you must meet the following criteria and must:
Have an excellent academic background including a degree education and either CFA and/or  MA/MBA (desirable)
Have several years of relevant investment analyst experience acquired within a blue chip international firm, to include a substantial element of hedge fund due diligence.
Have a track record of successfully selecting credit hedge fund managers and constructing portfolios based on those selections.
Have solid appreciation and experience of macro research, macro trends and specific macro overlays/trades across various asset classes
It highly desirable that you:
Have actively traded securities in a proprietary capacity and have a sound understanding of hedging techniques.
Have excellent credit fixed income or rates trading experiences (all three would be highly desirable).
The role is based in Abu Dubai. So if you are not willing to work there, do not apply for the role. A very full job description is available to those candidates that could be suitable and there is a highly attractive package being offered plus relocation allowance and excellent perks. Please also note this includes extremely attractive financial package is being offered, relocation allowance, and many other perks to the successful applicant
Please check the job details, then fill in your details below and click "Submit now".* Indicates a required field.
Your Details
First Name *
Last Name *
Email *
Phone Number(s)Work: Home/Mobile/Cell:
Address
Please attach your CV/Résumé *
Existing CV
Please state whether you are currently eligible to work (work permit/visa/citizenship) in the country to which you are applying: *
Yes
No