Chef de Partie jobs in Hozpitality Consulting in Abu Dhabi - United Arab Emirates - Naukrigulf.com
Job Seekers Login:
|
Chef de Partie
at Hozpitality Consulting in
-
Posted: Apr 28, 2014 Exp:
3 - 5
yrs.
| Opening(s): 1
Education: Basic - Bachelor of Hotel Management(Hotel Management)
Gender: Not Mentioned
Industry Type:
/
Functional Area:
/
/
/
Your Message could not be sent.
Your message has been sent
Job Description
Share
You will be responsible to assist with the efficient running of the department in line with Hyatt International's Corporate Strategies and brand standards, whilst meeting employee, guest and owner expectations.
The Chef de Partie is responsible to supervise the assigned station / section of the outlet kitchen, in order to prepare a consistent, high quality product and ensure courteous, professional, efficient and flexible service that supports the outlet’s operating concept and Hyatt International standards.
Desired Candidate Profile
Minimum 2 years work experience as Chef de Partie or 3-4 years as Demi Chef de Partie/Commis in a hotel or large restaurant with good standards; preferably with experience in luxury international brands.
Qualification in Kitchen Production or Management will be an advantage. Comprehensive knowledge of kitchen hygiene practices and occupational health and safety standards will be essential.
Basic Computer Skills in MS Office, and Recipe Maintenance System is preferred.
Keyword:
|
Company Profile
Hozpitality Consulting
Contact Details
Website
Disclaimer: Naukrigulf.com is only a platform to bring jobseekers & employers together. Applicants are advised to research the bonafides of the prospective employer independently. We do NOT endorse any requests for money payments and strictly advice against sharing personal or bank related information.We also recommend you visit
for more information. If you suspect any fraud or malpractice, email us at
To*
From*
Subject*
Email:
Password:
Upload a latest profile photo
A CV with photo has 40% higher chances of getting noticed by employers
Upload Profile Photo
This is how your profile photo will look like.To make adjustments, you can drag around and resize the yellow dashed-square on the right panel.
When you are satisfied with your photo click the "Save Photo" button.
Browse Jobs by
Jobs By Location
Jobs By Category
Job Seekers
Recruiters
Partner Sites
Company
Information
All rights reserved © 2001-
2014 Info Edge (India) Ltd.