Chef De Cuisine, Frankies Job In
- Fairmont Hotels And Resorts - Food / Beverage / Wine, Restaurant / Food Service, Cool Jobs, Hotel / Resort / Lodging, Hospitality Career
Candidate registration Employer registration
Forgot password
Sign in Candidate registration
Sign in Candidate registration
Sign in Employer registration
|
text.subscribe:
Chef De Cuisine, Frankies
Employer:
Job Ref:
ADC00371
Industry:
Food / Beverage / Wine
Restaurant / Food Service
Cool Jobs
Hotel / Resort / Lodging
Hospitality
Job Type:
Full Time
Country:
United Arab Emirates
City:
Abu Dhabi
Post Date:
04/02/2013 09:09 PM
Chef de Cuisine
To coordinate and ensure the smooth and efficient flow of the culinary operations in Frankie"s Kitchen. Maintain and enhance the food products through a creative menu development and presentation. Hotel Overview:
Fairmont Bab Al Bahr, "gateway to the sea" boasts a prime location at the mainland gateway to the cosmopolitan city of Abu Dhabi, the capital of the United Arab Emirates. With its strikingly contemporary architecture, this beachfront business hotel offers the highest level of comfort and elegance throughout its 369 guestrooms and suites, including the ultimate exclusive lifestyle hotel experience with Fairmont Gold. Summary of Responsibilities:
Reporting to the Executive Chef, responsibilities and essential job functions include but are not limited to the following:
Actively interact with guests at tables Conduct daily shift briefings to Frankie"s kitchen colleagues Has a good understanding of inventories, pricing, cost controls, requisitioning and issuing supplies and equipment for food production, reports and costs menus Promote a Fun/ Professional and Disciplined work environment Lead by example using Fairmont"s: Mission, Vision & Values Support/Coach/Lead & motivate Frankie"s kitchen colleagues Actively share ideas, opinions & suggestions in daily Sous Chef meeting Ensure storeroom requisitions are accurate to minimize repeat visits Ensure all kitchen colleagues are aware of standards & expectations Ensure proper weekly & annual vacation scheduling of all kitchen colleagues while maintaining the Hotel"s quality standards Promote Health and Safety at all times Ensure proper hygiene as per Abu Dhabi Municipality Ensure all grooming, spot check and temperature control sheets are filled as required Complete monthly one on one"s , probation & annual reviews as scheduled Maintain cleanliness and proper rotation of product in chillers and dry store. Minimize wastage/ spoilage Maintain consistent on the job training sessions for culinary colleagues Liaison daily with Outlet Managers to keep open lines of communication & guest feedback Maintain & improve all food preparations & presentations Maintain & improve Fairmont standards for timely delivery of food orders Strive to achieve and surpass JD Power targets Performs any other reasonable duties as required by the department head.Qualifications:
Minimum 2 years of Sous Chef experience in an Italian restaurant. Previous experience in a 5 star luxury hotel environment Strong understanding of HACCP Accreditation from a recognized Culinary School Proven track record of cost control including food, equipments, labor and wastage to meet the food quality goals and the hotel"s financial goals. Enthusiastic, outgoing personality who is very guest driven Demonstrate real passion for menu planning and leadership Visa Requirements: Please note that you must be eligible to live and work in Abu Dhabi. Fairmont Bab Al Bahr will cover visa costs and flights for selected candidates from place of origin. Living and working in Abu Dhabi: Abu Dhabi, the capital, is the largest of the 7 Emirates which make up the United Arab Emirates, one of the world fastest growing tourist destinations. When you choose to live and work in Abu Dhabi, you will find that we offer competitive salaries, service charge, quality medical benefits, meals and furnished accommodation. There are currently no income taxes in the United Arab Emirates. Abu Dhabi"s heritage is rooted in Islamic traditions and living here will prove to be a unique life experience. For more information about living in Abu Dhabi, we suggest you visit the following websites: www.visitabudhabi.ae
www.auhcustoms.gov.ae
www.abudhabi.com
www.ask-ali.com APPLY TODAY: Whether you"re launching your career or seeking meaningful employment, we invite you to visit http://www.fairmontcareers.com/ to learn more about Fairmont Hotels & Resorts-and the extraordinary opportunities that exist! ABOUT FAIRMONT HOTELS & RESORTS
At Fairmont Hotels & Resorts we offer our guests the finest hospitality experience in each of our destinations. And we know that, to offer our guests the best, we first need to offer our employees the best. That"s why you'll find exceptional work opportunities-throughout North America and the Caribbean, Europe and Africa, the Middle East and Asia Pacific-as well as industry-leading training, career development, recognition and rewards. Fairmont Hotels & Resorts is a celebrated collection of hotels that includes landmark locations like London"s The Savoy, New York"s The Plaza, and Shanghai"s Fairmont Peace Hotel. Our teams are guided by values of Respect, Integrity, Teamwork and Empowerment; we employ the highest ethical and quality standards, treating all colleagues with fairness and dignity. A community and environmental leader, Fairmont is also regarded for its responsible tourism practices and award-winning Green Partnership program. An exciting future awaits!
Action
Featured jobs
|
Boulder
|
Anchorage / Remote Locations
|
Boulder
|
Steamboat Springs
|
San Francisco
Featured employers
Industry Guides:
Employment:
Company Info:
Copyright © 1999 - 2014 JobMonkey, Inc. All rights reserved.