Abu Dhabi MENAT Oilfield Tender Manager Job
Search by Keyword
Share this Job
Please enable JavaScript to subscribe.
Email
Please wait...
MENAT Oilfield Tender Manager Job
GE
Date: Apr 30, 2014
Location: Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates
Job Number: 1957649
Business: GE Oil & Gas
Business Segment: Oil & Gas
About Us: GE (NYSE: GE) works on things that matter. The best people and the best technologies taking on the toughest challenges. Finding solutions in energy, health and home, transportation and finance. Building, powering, moving and curing the world. Not just imagining. Doing. GE works. For more information, visit the company's website at www.ge.com
Posted Position Title: MENAT Oilfield Tender Manager
Career Level: Experienced
Function: Sales
Function Segment: Client Account and Affiliate Origination and Management
Location: United Arab Emirates
U.S. State, China or Canada Provinces:
City: Abu Dhabi
Postal Code:
Relocation Assistance: No
Role Summary/Purpose:
Essential Responsibilities: *Manage commercial team to provide formal response to Oilfield Artificial Lift Products and Services Tenders in the Middle East countries*Participate in negotiations to close orders for Tender Awards*Schedule and chair all internal meetings related to Tender including bid kick-off meetings, commercial reviews, technical reviews, finance reviews, and safety reviews*Provide single point of contact between GE Oil & Gas commercial team and customer for all communications in pre-qualification through clarification process*Compile and evaluate costs, pricing, commercial and technical risks*Obtain guidance and approvals for all deviations to GE Oil & Gas standard offerings*Provide periodic presentations to executive management on Tender status*Respond to all customer clarifications post Tender submittal*Finalize project schedule and capacity charts*Own all processes from opportunity identification to delivery of tender to customer*Prepare order handover package to project management, engineering, and manufacturing teams
Qualifications/Requirements: *At least 10+ years of experience in the O&G; industry, preferably in a commercial leader or project management role*Effective oral and written communication*Strong presentation skills.
Additional Eligibility Qualifications:
Desired Characteristics: * 4 year degree from an accredited university or college in engineering, business, or finance
*Technical experience with oilfield artificial lift products
*Experience leading or participating on a Tender opportunity team
*Black Belt certified
· Ability to deliver strong commercial results
· Strong, inclusive leadership skills
· Ability to deliver timely feedback to team to achieve desired impact
· Ability to reward and recognize individual and team achievements
· Ability to prioritize multifaceted, fast paced job tasks
Able to effectively manage time and budget or expense parameters
· Strong oral and written communication skills
· Strong interpersonal and leadership skills
Job Segments: Engineer, Manager, Oil Field, Project Manager, Engineering, Management, Energy, Technology
Find similar jobs:
,
,
,
,
We are an equal opportunity employer, offering a great work environment, challenging career opportunities, professional training and competitive compensation.