Pipeline Engineers (All levels)
Pipeline Engineers (All levels)
Location:  --Abu Dhabi
Salary:  Mobilisation/ Demobilisation Flights/ VisaAir Energi are recruiting for Pipeline Engineers of all levels on behalf of a global EPC Contractor to be based in Abu Dhabi for a short term contract of 3-4 months.
The roles available are: Pipeline Engineer (6-10 years experience), Senior Pipeline Engineer (10-15 years experience), Lead Pipeline Engineer (15 years+ experience)
The position is to start ASAP; candidates must be available to start the role within 2 weeks notice.
The successful candidate will have strong experience in Conceptual, FEED, Detailed Engineering and Procurement of sub sea pipelines system encompassing the following engineering tasks:
Pipeline route selection, to optimise costs of new pipelines
Pipeline on-bottom stability analysis, expansion calculations, free spans analysis, pipeline fatigue analysis, cathodic protection design
Pipeline hydraulic analysis, pipeline sizing calculations
Riser and Tie-in spools flexibility analysis
Cost estimating for pipelines and facilities
Pipeline Materials Specification, MTOs and Requisitions
Pipeline installation engineering experience is an advantage
Quality Assurance – Responsible for working within the provisions and guidelines of the Quality Assurance system relevant to the CSG, etc
Safety – Responsible for personal safety safe working practices for the CSG, etc. Understand and follow OH&S procedures.
You must have eexperience in performing design tasks requiring a hands-on focus on sub sea pipelines as well as experience for Industry standard codes and analysis softwares.
Lead Pipeline Engineer
As the Lead Pipeline Engineer on on-shore pipeline projects you will be required to provide guidance and technical advice to the Pipeline Engineering team.
This role is suited to an individual who is passionate, self-motivated and driven to succeeding in the Pipeline industry. You will be required to supervise, manage and deliver onshore and sub-sea pipeline discipline development engineering and detail design services.
You will provide technical leadership in all facets of project delivery including innovations in tendering, estimating and planning plus involvement in industry research and standards whilst embracing an impressive suite of company systems in achieving cost effective outcomes.
You will ensure all work carried out conforms with agreed codes and practices, meets all requirements of the contract specifications and ensure all work is carried out within agreed schedules & budgets following Company procedures and initiate and oversee specific pipeline design tasks performed by engineers related to on-shore pipelines.
Please check the job details, then fill in your details below and click "Submit now".* Indicates a required field.
Your Details
First Name *
Last Name *
Email *
Phone Number(s)Work: Home/Mobile/Cell:
Address
Please attach your CV/Résumé *
Existing CV
Please state whether you are currently eligible to work (work permit/visa/citizenship) in the country to which you are applying: *
Yes
No