Deputy Resort Manager with Sheraton Abu Dhabi Hotel & Resort | 10878120
Jobseekers
|
Jobseekers
Deputy Resort Manager
Abu Dhabi, AE-AZ
0
Full job details
Recruiter
Sheraton Abu Dhabi Hotel & Resort
Posted
29/04/2014 17:27:48
Ref
58523206en
Location
Abu Dhabi, AE-AZ
Job Type
Leisure
Sector
Hotel
Job Level
Non-Management
Deputy Resort Manager Company Starwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide, Inc. is one of the leading hotel and leisure companies in the world with over 1000 properties in more than 100 countries and 155,000 employees at its owned and managed properties. Starwood Hotels is a fully integrated owner, operator and franchisor of hotels and resorts with the following internationally renowned brands: St. Regis®, The Luxury Collection®, Sheraton®, Westin®, Four Points® by Sheraton, W®, Le Méridien® and the recentlyannounced AloftSM and ElementSM Hotels. Starwood Hotels also owns Starwood Vacation Ownership, Inc., one of the premier developers and operators of high quality vacation interval ownership resorts. For more information, please visit www.starwoodhotels.com
Location Sheraton Abu Dhabi Hotel & Resort is a landmark in the city for its architecture and its ideal location. Prominently situated on the Abu Dhabi Corniche, featuring a natural lagoon with turquoise clear water leading to the Arabian Gulf, Sheraton Abu Dhabi Hotel & Resort offers not just luxury but is also a place of tranquillity and relaxation.The hotel is within walking distance of the shopping and commercial districts and only 40 minutes drive from the Abu Dhabi International Airport.
Department Resort
Job Description Support the Resort Manager in running the day to day operation of the resort including the spa and gym. Ensures that the spa, gym, pool and beach are in best condition and cleanliness and hygiene are observed in all areas. Supervises the resort team and relieves the Resort Manager during absence.Welcome and assist the guests and ensure that the facilities offered to guests and members are always in best condition. Assist in handling guest queries and complaints. Assists in conducting training and appraisal to the team.
Requirements - College level/Degree holder- With minimum 2 years sales experience in a 5 star hotel- Positive attitude and good communication skills- Ability to work under pressure- Commitment to delivering a high level of customer service
Share this job
Catererglobal.com is a trademark of Totaljobs Group Ltd. © 2013 Copyright and database rights Totaljobs Group Ltd.Powered by .