Sales Manager - Exhibitions - Abu Dhabi jobs, Abu Dhabi, £44k approx TAX FREE (UK Gross equiv. approx. £62k) + great comm and bens | Guardian Jobs
Sales Manager - Exhibitions - Abu Dhabi
Employer:
Posted:
29 April 2014
Ref:
MD6543
Location:
Abu Dhabi
Industry:
,
,
,
,
Function:
Sales
Level:
Experienced (non manager)
Contract:
Permanent
Hours:
Full Time
Salary:
£44k approx TAX FREE (UK Gross equiv. approx. £62k) + great comm and bens
People who viewed this job also viewed
£45000 - £53000 per annum + basic dep exp + benefits, all tax free
£30000 - £40000 per annum + basic dep exp + commission, all tax free
£36-44k TAX FREE (UK Gross Equiv Approx £64k) + bens
OTE USD100k (Basic plus commission)
AED 20,000-22,000 per month equivilent to circa £39,000-£43,000 p/a
A massive and serious career opportunity to join a major-league and globally recognised brand leader based in Abu Dhabi.
Your profile
You must have an extensive major exhibition sales experience on an international basis, ideally with Middle East experience. You will possess a strategic and analytical approach to business able to form good relationships with both client direct and agencies and be able to research and develop your own leads to build new business. You will ideally possess a great understanding of how trade exhibitions and the industry work outside of the commercial department.
The role
You will be working on this regions major exhibition in a  that is considered the centre stage for the oil & gas sector. You will be responsible for driving forward revenue through exhibition stand and sponsorship sales, working closely with the Event Director to produce and implement strategies ensuring maximum revenue. You will be working with an existing client base but will also be expected to research and develop new business on a international basis as well as drive forward and nurture your sales team, ensuring that they are able to achieve their targets. You must be prepared to relocate to Abu Dhabi, UAE
The company
Our client is one of a few premier world wide companies that supply face to face business information, through their customer-centric localised operations and relationships creating vibrant marketplaces with multiple conferences, exhibitions and trade shows. You will be based in Abu Dhabi and the salary package is paid tax free.
Contact Michael on 020 7536 7835 or michael@formula-won.co.uk
Please do not apply unless you have the relevant experience.
Due to the high volume of applications only successful applicants will be contacted and if you have not heard from us in two weeks of your application please assume that on this occasion your application has been unsuccessful.
Formula Won  is a progressive, proactive and dynamic media recruitment consultancy  dedicated to the media industry. We lead the market for the best permanent media jobs within: media sales, new media sales, outdoor sales, exhibition sales, event sales, conference sales, broadcast sales, ambient sales, marketing, media agency and editorial jobs. We also have specialist divisions that cover International jobs and Search & Selection. All of our consultants have considerable experience in media so you can be confident that they will have your best interests at heart when finding the perfect role for you.
We lead the market for the best permanent media jobs within media sales, new media & digital sales, outdoor sales, exhibition, conference and event sales, broadcast sales, ambient sales, all media marketing, media agency and editorial both in UK & abroad.
You should never need to provide bank account details or any other financial information, or make any
form of payment, when applying for a job. If you are ever asked to do this by a recruiter on our
site please email
© 2008 - 2014 Guardian News and Media Limited, all rights reserved. Powered by Madgex .
This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies.