ELECTRICAL TECHNICIAN and a Senior ELECTRICAL TECHNICIAN - OFFSHORE jobs in SEATTLE INTERNATIONAL SERVICES in Abu Dhabi - United Arab Emirates - Naukrigulf.com
Job Seekers Login:
|
ELECTRICAL TECHNICIAN and a Senior ELECTRICAL TECHNICIAN - OFFSHORE
at SEATTLE INTERNATIONAL SERVICES in
-
Posted: Apr 29, 2014 Exp:
10 - 12
yrs.
| Opening(s): 4
Other Benefits: VERY ATTRACTIVE & NEGOTIABLE SALARY WITH OTHER BENEFITS
Education: Basic - Intermediate School
Nationality: Any Nationality
Gender: Male
Industry Type:
/
Functional Area:
Your Message could not be sent.
Your message has been sent
Job Description
Share
Principal Accountabilities
•	Carries out repairs on various types of electrical equipment. Includes trouble shooting, repairing, or replacing defective parts, obtaining necessary supplies, parts and tools as necessary, testing and handling over to the user department.
•	Carries out electrical work on construction projects. Includes preparing material take-off lists, providing full descriptions of parts required, passing list to his supervisor for the ordering of parts, obtaining equipment and supplies form warehouse, installing conduits, power cables and related wiring sockets, lighting and grounding system etc., re-installing motors, installing new heavy duty transformers, installing control circuits, etc. Prepares specifications as required. Carries out electrical work on construction projects through to commissioning phase.
•	Carries out electrical maintenance work on plant, such as rotating equipment, lighting and power distribution system etc. Includes obtaining user’s signature on work permit (hot or cold), trouble shooting, repairing or assisting in repairing equipment, liaising with other craft personnel as required, checking out equipment on completion, entering details of work carried out in the daily log book, and reporting back to his supervisor.
•	Participates in multi-craft work for providing an electrical maintenance input. Includes assisting mechanic to rig up, install or bolt down equipment, and trouble shooting. Assists other crafts by carrying out minor maintenance work as required e.g. pipe fitting, general manual assistance, minor mechanical maintenance, minor instrumentation equipment.
•	Performs other similar or related duties such as maintaining records of preventive maintenance carried out on electrical equipment.
Desired Candidate Profile
Qualification & Experience
•	Completion of Secondary (Technical) education (12 years) followed by vocational training in electrical trades equivalent to two years full time.
•	5 years’ experience in electrical installation and repair work, preferably in the oil or petrochemical industry.
•	Fair knowledge of English.
Next set of interviews will take place in India (Chennai) 23/May/14 - 04/jun/14
Keyword: Electrical Technician Offshore motors switchgear MECO desalination units turbine generators compressors oil gas petroleum
|
Company Profile
Seattle International Services is a leading recruitment consultant, established in 1988 in Abu Dhabi for providing engineering and support staff for Oil & Gas Industries.
Contact Details
Name/ Designation: Varghese - hrm
Website
Disclaimer: Naukrigulf.com is only a platform to bring jobseekers & employers together. Applicants are advised to research the bonafides of the prospective employer independently. We do NOT endorse any requests for money payments and strictly advice against sharing personal or bank related information.We also recommend you visit
for more information. If you suspect any fraud or malpractice, email us at
To*
From*
Subject*
Email:
Password:
Upload a latest profile photo
A CV with photo has 40% higher chances of getting noticed by employers
Upload Profile Photo
This is how your profile photo will look like.To make adjustments, you can drag around and resize the yellow dashed-square on the right panel.
When you are satisfied with your photo click the "Save Photo" button.
Browse Jobs by
Jobs By Location
Jobs By Category
Job Seekers
Recruiters
Partner Sites
Company
Information
All rights reserved © 2001-
2014 Info Edge (India) Ltd.