HSE Engineers jobs in SEATTLE INTERNATIONAL SERVICES in Abu Dhabi - United Arab Emirates - Naukrigulf.com
Job Seekers Login:
|
HSE Engineers
at SEATTLE INTERNATIONAL SERVICES in
-
Posted: Apr 29, 2014 Exp:
10 - 15
yrs.
| Opening(s): 8
Other Benefits: Direct hire employment as per Abu Dhabi Oil Company's Standard
Education: Basic - Diploma(Engineering)
Nationality: Any Nationality
Gender: Male
Industry Type:
/
Functional Area:
Your Message could not be sent.
Your message has been sent
Job Description
Share
Supervise and participate in the implementation of the Health Safety and Environment Management System to ensure adherence to Company’s established HSE guidelines, standards and codes of practice.
Monitor and advise on Site activities to be performed safely. Promotes awareness of site personnel to HSE.
Investigate incidents/accidents.
Assist the on scene man in-charge in emergency situations.
Daily duty's:
a.)
Maintain and control daily HSE practices with regular checks of work sites, ensure that hazards are identified, precautionary measures are taken and advice trades Supervisors on HSE matters.
b.)
Monitor and control implementation of all procedures related to the maintenance and effectiveness of
safety, lifesaving and emergency equipment and inspect work activities and equipment to ensure correct operation and that procedures are implemented.
Ensure that effective records are kept and updated for all equipment under his control.
c.)
Promote safe working systems and procedures.
Monitor and advise on proper application of “Permit to Work” system, conduct gas and atmospheric tests, participating in actual “Job Watch” as and where necessary; such as hot tapping, mechanical sealing/plugging, entry into dangerous confined spaces and ensuring that all Safety regulations and practices are adhered to.
d.)
Coordinate and participate in identifying and evaluating HSE hazards/risks and recommend measures to reduce them.
e.)
Coordinate and participate in the provision of HSE awareness courses.
Prepare programs, arrange participation in conjunction with line management and give lectures using specialized
audio visual equipment, hand-outs and practical demonstration.
f.)
Participate as a leader or member of an emergency situation team, providing first line decisions concerning containment of emergency, assist the On Scene Commander and participate in detailed first aid or emergency action dictated by situation, provide reports on situations existing at the time of such incidents and present comments on causes and possible remedies.
g.)
Investigate all industrial and non-industrial incidents and accidents involving personnel, plant and equipment including dangerous occurrences.
Analyze causes, determine future action to reduce these occurrences, prepare and maintain statistical records of all incidents.
Prepare the related periodic reports highlighting and analyzing problem areas and recommending preventive measures.
h.)
Ensure that Health, Safety and Environmental programs and procedures are communicated and understood by all on-site personnel and participate in giving lectures and talks on such activities.
i.)
Conduct frequent audits and inspections to ensure the effectiveness of HSE programs and procedures at assigned location present recommendations for improvement and follow-up their implementation.
j.)
Prepare detailed lists of foreseeable HSE requirements for operational needs, to be incorporated into the annual budget.
Maintain adequate stocks of Health, Safety and Environment equipment.
k.)
Assist in studying and commenting on engineering designs and drawings pertaining to modifications of plant, equipment, installations or projects works to ensure adherence to HSE rules, standards and codes of practice, during all phases of implementation on Site.
l.)
Ensure that all procedures and data pertaining to hazardous substances including radioactive sources are available and that necessary precautions are observed when transporting, storing and handling.
m.)
Participate in investigating environmental accidents/incidents and in eliminating pollution sources to a practicable minimum.
n.)
Promote Waste Management program to collect, store, transport and disposal.
o.)
Participate in promoting the occupational health programs with all it's aspects.
Next set of interviews will take place in India (Chennai) 23/May/14 - 04/jun/14
Desired Candidate Profile
*
B.Sc. Engineering discipline or equivalent
*
8 years experience in Industrial Safety/Loss Prevention in an oil industry.
Keyword:
loss prevention
|
Company Profile
Seattle International Services is a leading recruitment consultant, established in 1988 in Abu Dhabi for providing engineering and support staff for Oil & Gas Industries.
Contact Details
Name/ Designation: Varghese - hrm
Website
Disclaimer: Naukrigulf.com is only a platform to bring jobseekers & employers together. Applicants are advised to research the bonafides of the prospective employer independently. We do NOT endorse any requests for money payments and strictly advice against sharing personal or bank related information.We also recommend you visit
for more information. If you suspect any fraud or malpractice, email us at
To*
From*
Subject*
Email:
Password:
Upload a latest profile photo
A CV with photo has 40% higher chances of getting noticed by employers
Upload Profile Photo
This is how your profile photo will look like.To make adjustments, you can drag around and resize the yellow dashed-square on the right panel.
When you are satisfied with your photo click the "Save Photo" button.
Browse Jobs by
Jobs By Location
Jobs By Category
Job Seekers
Recruiters
Partner Sites
Company
Information
All rights reserved © 2001-
2014 Info Edge (India) Ltd.