Salesman Jobs in Sharjah, UAE | JI121177
Job Seeker Login:
|
If you're looking to post a job or searching resumes, go to our employer website
Salesman Jobs in Sharjah, UAE
Job Functional Area
Job Title
Salesman
Job Location
,
Minimum Experience
2 Years
Posted on
May 05, 2014
Job Description
Salesman required having minimum 2 years of gulf experience in selling genuine spare parts of Japanese car.Apply Instructions for This Job
Send CV to
or fax CV to: 06-5323274.Find Similar Jobs educational organization requires an outdoor Sales Executive in our Dubai office. Candidate should have at least 1 years UAE Experience. Only INDIAN candidate ... fittings, standard flanges in Qatar wanted Sales Engineer:
More than 3 years sales experience in steel products or building material;
Tactful communication&goo ... field experience in FMCG and Retail Marketing.
Following capabilities are extremely essential:
- Monitoring sales team on daily basis
- Monitoring and handling the ... a related field.
- With 5 to 10 years showroom management experience preferably in a retail environment.
- Having the ability to develop business opportunities, showroo ... positions:
1- Graphic Designers:
- Create design solutions with high visual impact. Keep abreast of emerging technologies. Well versant of Photoshop, Corel and 3D soft ...
More Jobs
, Find Relevant Functional Area Jobs, , , ,
* Your Full Name:
* Your Email Address:
* Friends' Email Addresses:
[Separate email addresses with comma, max 3 emails at a time]
Job Title:
Salesman
Add Note (Optional):
Log in to save this job, and find the jobs you saved already! If you are new at Careermidway.com, please
Email Address:
Password:
Enter your email address. You will receive a notification email with details on login information.
Enter email address
Post Comments on this Job
Relevant comments on this job are highly appreciated.
Please use personal name or nickname rather keywords in the name field.
Comments filling the fields with anchor text to spam this site and search engines may be edited, have URLs removed, or deleted entirely.
Your Name:
Your Email:
Show Email:
Check this to show your email address alongwith your name/comments.
Your Comments:
Enter Code*:
International Jobs
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
© Copyright 2014 All rights reserved Careermidway.com
|
|
|
|