Quality Manager jobs in Industry Networks in Sharjah - United Arab Emirates - Naukrigulf.com
Job Seekers Login:
|
Quality Manager
at Industry Networks in
-
Posted: May
1, 2014 Exp:
3 - 5
yrs.
| Opening(s): 1
Education: PG - Other(Other)
Nationality: Any Nationality
Industry Type:
Functional Area: Other
Your Message could not be sent.
Your message has been sent
Job Description
Share
JOB PURPOSE
The Quality Manager is responsible for implementing and managing the company's Quality Management System to ensure product quality and customer satisfaction.
ROLES & RESPONSIBILITIES
The Quality Manager must follow the direction of his/ her immediate Supervisor and operate in accordance with the Company’s Procedure, Policies, HSE Standards and Quality Management System. The operational responsibilities of this position include:
•	Developing, implementing, communicating and maintaining a Quality Plan to bring the Company’s Quality Systems and Policies into compliance with quality system requirements, the company’s standards and international industry standards.
•	Interacting with Operations and Development teams to maintain and where possible continuously improve product and service quality,
•	Actively participating in the requirement analysis, development and testing of new products.
•	Lead and manage a team of QA staff to monitor the quality of operations to ensure compliance to operating procedures as well as product and service quality standards.
•	Formulating and managing the development and successful implementation of goals, objectives, policies, procedures and systems pertaining to the Quality Department.
•	Obtaining and managing customer feedback to ensure resolution of complaints and to compare product and service offering to customer requirements/expectations.
•	Identifying and addressing quality-related training needs by developing and implementing training materials and training programs.
•	Monitoring, collating and analyzing performance data by gathering relevant data and producing statistical reports.
•	Writing technical and management reports as required.
•	Considering the application of environmental and health and safety standards in the operations of the company.
In addition to the above the Employee is expected to complete any other tasks as assigned by his / her Manager.
KNOWLEDGE/SKILLS/QUALITIES:
•	Should have proficiency in Microsoft Office.
•	Should have excellent oral, written communication skills and Interpersonal skills.
•	Should have excellent analytical, strategic thinking and attention to detail.
•	Should be able to lead, motivate, coach, teach, multi-task, set priorities and meet strict deadlines.
•	Should be able to work on their own and take initiatives.
EXPERIENCE / QUALIFICATION
•	Minimum 5 years experience in similar role. Experience with implementation and management of a ISO 9001 QMS.
•	Bachelors/Master’s Degree in Information Technology.
Keyword: Quality MAanager
|
Company Profile
The BNC is a premiere construction information service trusted by thousands of engineers and professionals around the world to find the information they require to do business in the Middle East. We harness the power of information to bring it to your fingertips. Finding information about Construction Projects, Products and Companies in the Middle East has never been easier than it is now with the BNC.
Contact Details
Name/ Designation: Manisha Giamalani - Office Administrator
Website
Disclaimer: Naukrigulf.com is only a platform to bring jobseekers & employers together. Applicants are advised to research the bonafides of the prospective employer independently. We do NOT endorse any requests for money payments and strictly advice against sharing personal or bank related information.We also recommend you visit
for more information. If you suspect any fraud or malpractice, email us at
To*
From*
Subject*
Email:
Password:
Upload a latest profile photo
A CV with photo has 40% higher chances of getting noticed by employers
Upload Profile Photo
This is how your profile photo will look like.To make adjustments, you can drag around and resize the yellow dashed-square on the right panel.
When you are satisfied with your photo click the "Save Photo" button.
Browse Jobs by
Jobs By Location
Jobs By Category
Job Seekers
Recruiters
Partner Sites
Company
Information
All rights reserved © 2001-
2014 Info Edge (India) Ltd.