Oriental Head Chef with Hilton Sharjah
| 10878127
Jobseekers
|
Jobseekers
Oriental Head Chef
This job is no longer available
Recruiter
Hilton Sharjah
Posted
29 April 2014
Closes
05 May 2014
Ref
OPE028OR
Location
Middle East > United Arab Emirates
Job Type
,
Sector
Job Level
Further information
Oriental Head Chef
(
Job Number:
OPE028OR
)
Work Locations
:
Hilton Sharjah
Corniche Road
Sharjah
3930
An Oriental Head Chef  with Hilton Sharjah is responsible for all food planning, preparation, production, and control for all food outlets and banquet facilities, to meet Hilton’s standards of quality.
What will it be like to work for this Hilton Worldwide Brand? One of the most recognized names in the industry, Hilton Hotels & Resorts offers travellers a world of authentic experiences. The brand continues to be the innovative, forward-thinking global leader of hospitality. With products and services that meet the needs of tomorrow's savvy global travellers, we shape experiences in which every Guest feels cared for, valued, and respected.If you understand the importance of upholding a brand’s reputation and value the effort it takes to provide a globally recognized hospitality experience, you may be just the person we are looking for to work as a Team Member with Hilton Hotels & Resorts; because it’s with Hilton Hotels & Resorts where we promise an exceptional Guest experience every time. What will I be doing?
As an Oriental Head Chef , you are responsible for performing the following tasks to the highest standards:
Hire, train, supervise, schedule, and participate in activities of chefs, cooks, and other personnel involved in preparing, cooking and presenting food in accordance with productivity standards, cost controls, and forecast needs.
Listen actively and communicate clearly while interacting with customers to promote food products and directing staff activities. Analyze feedback from clients and team members, make judgments and take action to implement suggestions for improvement. Maintain working rapport with all hotel staff for efficient operation and service to the customer. Organize and conduct meetings with the culinary team.
Monitor team performance, product quality and production flow; foster continuous improvement where necessary.
Create and implement new menus and individual menu items for all outlets based on current food trends and regional tastes. Invent menu selections for special banquet themes and parties in accordance with client budgetary guides and expectations. Confer with the F&B; Director regarding any new selections and changes.
Audit food storeroom items and direct items to maintain consistent quality products that ensure adherence to all health code requirements. Enforce safety procedures and cleanliness standards throughout kitchen(s) including walk-in and reach-in boxes.
Special projects and assignments for continuous improvement.
What are we looking for?
The Head Chef must possess the following knowledge, skills and abilities and be able to explain and demonstrate that he or she can perform the essential functions of the job, with or without reasonable accommodation.
Considerable knowledge of mathematics (addition/subtraction/multiplication/division) to create and interpret reports, budgets, and forecasts.
Extensive knowledge of menu development, insight into marketing, cost and wage control.
Extensive knowledge of Oriental food products, standard recipes, and proper preparation.
Ability to analyze, forecast, and make judgments to ensure proper payroll and production control.
Ability to read, write, speak English to comprehend and communicate job functions.
Ability to safely operate complex food preparation machinery.
Ability to work in confined spaces.
Ability to supervise a large staff and accomplish goals on a timely basis.
Ability to work in an environment with extreme temperature ranges (hot and cold).
Effectively conduct meetings, menu briefings, and maintain communication lines between team members and management personnel.
Ability to stand, walks, and or sit continuously to perform the essential functions of job for extended periods of time.
Ability to effectively deal with external and internal customers, some of whom will require high levels of patience, tact, and diplomacy. Ability to collect accurate information from these customers to resolve conflicts.
Hearing and visual ability to observe and detect signs of emergency situations, distinguish product taste, texture, and quality, and evaluate presentation and preparation.
Artistic ability to create theme menus, ideas for ice carvings, decorations, etc.
What benefits will I receive? Your benefits will include a competitive starting salary and holiday entitlement. As an employee you will become a member of the The Hilton Club which provides reduced hotel room rates in our hotels worldwide, plus discounts on products and services offered by Hilton Worldwide and its partners. We look forward to explaining in detail the range of excellent benefits that you would expect from a global hotel organization like Hilton Worldwide.Learn more now about Hilton Hotels & Resorts --- the global leader of hospitality.More than 500 locations and nearly 200,000 rooms across six continentsInnovations include: pioneering the airport hotel concept, becoming the first coast-to-coast hotel chain in the US, and the first to install televisions in Guest oomsFlagship brand of Hilton Worldwide with properties in more than 77 countriesMore than 70 world-class resorts and more nearly 200 full-service spasHarris Poll EquiTrend®, Brand of the Year - Full Service Hotel for 2010 and 2011Number one global brand awareness in the hospitality industry
Job
:
Food & Beverage
Schedule
:
Full-time
Hilton Sharjah
Set near the heart of the Emirate along the magnificent Khalid Lagoon, Hilton Sharjah is a 20 minute drive from Dubai International Airport and 25 minutes from Sharjah International Airport.
Options
More jobs like this
Catererglobal.com is a trademark of Totaljobs Group Ltd. © 2013 Copyright and database rights Totaljobs Group Ltd.Powered by .