SAP / SD/MM: (ECC 5.0 and up) Consultant in Singapore - URGENT! in Singapore, Singapore | Bullhorn Reach
Recruiters,
Today!
Already a user?
here.
Search forin >
>
SAP / SD/MM: (ECC 5.0 and up) Consultant in Singapore - URGENT!· Singapore, Singapore
SAP / SD/MM: (ECC 5.0 and up) Consultant in Singapore - URGENT!
Singapore, Singapore
Competitive compensation
Contract Employment
Recruiter Comment: Looking for a new job? - check out this job
Share:Job DescriptionJob Summary:Role: SAP / SD/MM: (ECC 5.0 and up) Consultant in SingaporeStart: ASAPDuration: 12 Months - RenewableLocation: SingaporeOne of our clients is looking for a SAP SD/MM: (ECC 5.0 and up) Consultant, who is/are able to fulfill the following requirements:Requirements:- I am looking for a strong SAP SD candidate, about 4+ years of experience on end to end implementations, with a good understanding of SAP MM and integration to SAP FI.- Candidates should have good SAP SD knowledge and should be very hands on, they must be good in SAP basics and business processes in the SD /MM domain.- Should have worked in the area of Revenue Recognition (Preferably in High tech) in SD. The Candidate should have a clear understanding of the Integration of SD and FI and should be able to troubleshoot and consult on issues of Revenue data in SAP.- Techno Functional experience is definitely a plus and highly desired. (Meaning the Functional consultant should be able to relate to SAP technical areas like ABAP, Interfaces etc).- Should be able to validate their experience with real life project examples.- Should be specific in their response to the interview questions.- Should be good communicators and be able to face clients, explain key facts in meetings and articulate clearly on the business process under discussion.- Should be a team player, should listen well and be committed for the entire duration of the project and strive to integrate well with the team.- Exposure to working in scrum team is a plus.Please send your application to michelle.torralba@geco-group.com & applicant.asia@geco-group.com highlighting:- Your relevant experience- Current/expected salary - Availability information - A latest MS-WORD Resume **We regret that only short-listed applicants will be contacted.ProfileResource Manager
at
Singapore, SingaporeOpen PositionsSingapore, SingaporeSingapore, Singapore
Hi, I'm .
Interested in this job? Get in touch.Send me a message:I'm interested in your "Job #1524365: SAP / SD/MM: (ECC 5.0 and up) Consultant in Singapore - URGENT!" job in Singapore, Singapore. Please contact me about the position.Name:Email:Phone:Attach a resume:
Become a Bullhorn Reach member and receive employment updates
Indicates a required field
© Bullhorn, Inc.