E&I; Engineer - Dynamic Positioning
Job in Singapore
Email:
Password:
Keep me logged in
Powered by
You can checkout a maximum of 150 jobs.
Create a free virtual CV and let recruiters find you
Automatically have your profile matched to suitable Oil & Gas positions
Link to your profile using it as a free online CV
Store all your employment documents to your profile for easy sending
Always receive feedback on positions applied for
Advertise Oil and Gas jobs for free
Suitable candidates automatically matched to your position
View candidate profiles for free
No more waiting for candidates to respond to job advertisements
Only ever pay when you match a candidate to a position
No more cold calling and sorting through out dated CVs
E&I; Engineer - Dynamic Positioning Add to Jobs BasketYou can apply for up to 10 jobs at once by adding them to your basket.Application LimitCandidates can apply for up to 150 jobs in 28 days.
> Status: LiveMy large international client is looking for an Electrical Engineer that has Dynamic Positioning experience.
- 10 years experience with Electrical background
- 5 years Marine experience
- DP (Dynamic Positioning)
- Familiar with up to date systems and all the latest technology
Please only apply if you have MARINE experience.
Job DetailsLocation: Salary: Good Package Working Locations: Site, OfficePosted: 06/05/2014 17:12:00Expires: 20/05/2014 17:12:00Key Requirements
DP, Dynamic Positioning, E&I;, Electrical, Instrumentation Job Description
My large international client is looking for an Electrical Engineer that has Dynamic Positioning experience.
- 10 years experience with Electrical background
- 5 years Marine experience
- DP (Dynamic Positioning)
- Familiar with up to date systems and all the latest technology
Please only apply if you have MARINE experience.
Similar Jobs to E&I; Engineer - Dynamic Positioning LiveProject Engineer >
> Job DescriptionProject Engineer
Job Title : Engineering Project Engineer Inspection Equipment : Third
Location: Belgium, Puurs
My client is one of the world's leading innovative biopharmaceutical companies. They try and apply science and global resources to improve health and wellbeing. They strive to set the standard for quality, safety and value in the discovery, development and manufacture of medicines.
As a project engineer you will be responsible for the implementation of projects for selection, purchase , start-up and validation of Inspection Equipment, from the design of the equipment to the final completion thereof . You take care of at the start of the project for a clear description of the new equipment in consultation with internal customers (production , QA , EHS , ... ) . Translate them into specifications and customer expectations defends clients ' interests at the supplier . You will carry out the necessary risk analyzes and provides proper documentation . You will coordinate and supervise the installation of the equipment and enter the verification / validation of the equipment out . You are able to set that is aligned with the overall project or operational planning, detailed planning and ensure timely completion of projects within budget .
You are also able to lead projects themselves and send . A (multidisciplinary ) project team You hereby creates a clear pision of tasks within the team and shall follow the project management system .
Qualifications to be suitable for the position of Project Engineer
- Higher technical education ( Industrial or Civil Engineer preferable )
- Engineering skills with good technical understanding
- Pharma experience
- Interest to delve into Inspection Technology / vision systems
- Strong communicator , assertive
- Can multitask and able to set priorities, take initiative and work independently
- Can manage and motivate a team
- Strong analytical and problem solution
- Planned and result oriented
- Knowledge of GMP , six sigma methodology , and risk management tools such as FMEA is a plus
- Familiar with documentation ( functional specifications , ... ) and writing verification and validation documents for equipment validation
- Dutch with good knowledge of English ( speaking and writing )Type:
Short Term Contract / SiteSalary: Not statedProject Engineer
Job Title : Engineering Project Engineer Inspection Equipment : Third
Location: Belgium, Puurs
My client is one of the world's leading innovative biopharmaceuti...Posted: Tue 06 May at 18:00       Expires: Tue 03 Jun at 18:00LiveProduction Scheduler >
> Job DescriptionProduction Scheduler
Location; Braine, Reims -France
Duration; 8 months
Leap29s client requires an experienced QA GMP Coach to be placed on an exciting long term project for one of the world's leading research-based pharmaceutical and healthcare companies.
Job description
For one of our pharmaceutical partners in the region Walloon Brabant, we are currently looking for a Production Scheduler. is a team of Master Planners managing the planning of production at all level of the Supply Chain. The mission consists of supporting one of the Master planners who also has the responsibility of Global Key User and in that role needs to be release of some of his activities as Master Planner.
Responsibilities
oManage daily planning transactions (PO, bulk, allocation, release, prioritization …)
oCoordinate API, dosage form Bulk, and FG shipments between CMO's and Plants
oEnsure Follow up of invoices and ensure issue resolution
oFollow up real production vs plan and take necessary actions (root cause analysis, production plan revision) in order to meet service level, capacity utilization, and inventory optimization.
oRun and control MRP in order to guarantee the required production flexibility and reach the targeted inventory levels
Required Profile
oExperience with SAP, Master planning, Inventory, Purchasing orders
oPrevious experience in the pharmaceuticals industry is a plus
oMin years' experience required: 2-5 years in similar job
oInternational experience
oAbility to interact quickly with actors of the Supply Chain
oAutonomous and fast learner
oAnalytical mindset
oGood communication skills (verbal and written)
oAbility to evolve in an international environment and feel comfortable with cultural differences
oAbility to integrate quickly an organization
oEnglish: Fluent, French : is a plus
Apply following the relevant linksType:
Short Term Contract / SiteSalary: Not statedProduction Scheduler
Location; Braine, Reims -France
Duration; 8 months
Leap29s client requires an experienced QA GMP Coach to be placed on an exciting long term project for one...Posted: Tue 06 May at 18:00       Expires: Tue 03 Jun at 18:00LiveAseptic Coach >
> Job DescriptionAseptic Coach
Location; Walloon Brabant. Belgium - onsite, Wavre + Rixensart
Duration: 6 months
Leap29s client requires an experienced Aseptic Coach to be placed on an exciting project for one of the world's leading research-based pharmaceutical and healthcare companies.
Job description
For one of our pharmaceutical partners in the region of Walloon Brabant, we are currently looking for an Aseptic Mentor. He/she will be responsible to support the Manufacturing Performance Unit (Formulation, Filling, …) and support services (Production, QA prod , Sterility Assurance Manager, QA Shared Services, etc) to increase their knowledge, awareness and competencies in sterility assurance related subject. The ultimate goal being to increase the level of sterility assurance and autonomy within the MPU/production units through training, shopfloor visits, and direct interactions with the personnel.
Responsibilities
oDeployment of the Aseptic Mentoring and Coaching program within identified production units.
oDevelopment and delivery of training on sterility assurance technical subjects (ex: human behaviours, material transfer, cleaning and disinfection, aseptic practices, etc).
oAct as mentor/coach through shopfloor visits (GEMBA) with Sterility Assurance, QA and production responsible to identify areas of improvement, transfer knowledge and facilitate potential solutions identification.
oPromote good/best practices and company's standards related to sterility assurance.
oFollow up on MPU/unit progress.
Required Profile
oPhD or Master in Sciences (Engineering, Bio- engineering, chemistry, ……) or equivalent by experience
oMinimum 15 years of relevant professional experience in Pharmaceuticals or Biologicals Manufacturing Operations industry directly related to sterile production is mandatory.
oShopfloor related experience is mandatory and the relevant experience in people development and team management
oMultiple experiences in several work environments/industries / company cultures is a plus
oGood Manufacturing Practices (GMP) knowledge is a must have
oManagement of quality systems: Deviation, CAPA, Audit, self inspection, …
oStrong knowledge of the main aseptic applicable regulatory requirements is mandatory (US, EU, Japan, Canada, PICS, etc)
oHands-on approach (able to work on the shop floor with a coaching and mentoring style to impact inpidual experiences)
oStrong communication skills (able to communicate with different levels within MPU)
oInfluencing skills, knowledge sharing, flexible mindset & Team spirit
oOutstanding experience in sterility assurance related subjects
oStrong capabilities to engage and develop teams and inpiduals
oFluent in French (both written and spoken) is mandatory, as well as good knowledge of English.
To apply follow the relevent linksType:
Short Term Contract / SiteSalary: Not statedAseptic Coach
Location; Walloon Brabant. Belgium - onsite, Wavre + Rixensart
Duration: 6 months
Leap29s client requires an experienced Aseptic Coach to be placed on an exciting...Posted: Tue 06 May at 18:00       Expires: Tue 03 Jun at 18:00LiveHead of Subsea >
> Job DescriptionHead of Subsea - Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia - Interviewing in Jakarta - 23rd - 25th May
I have an excellent opportunity for a Head of Subsea working for a Global Petroleum Company in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia.
You will be responsible for leading and managing subsea functions and leadership support to Head of Integrity Management in delivering EP business, vision, strategies, targets and performance sustainability.
The successful candidates should have 15+ years of experience within the upstream Oil & Gas sector and have a degree in Applied Sciences or Engineering Discipline.
My client will be holding interviews in Jakarta between 23rd - 25th May, so if you are shortlisted you MUST be available on these days.
Excellent Salary and Expatriate Package Available.
To apply for this position please follow the online instructions.Type:
Long Term Contract / OfficeSalary: $200000 - $300000 per annum + Expat PackageHead of Subsea - Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia - Interviewing in Jakarta - 23rd - 25th May
I have an excellent opportunity for a Head of Subsea working for a Global Petroleum Company in ...Posted: Tue 06 May at 18:00       Expires: Tue 03 Jun at 18:00LiveSenior CSV Engineer >
> Job DescriptionSenior CSV Engineer
Location: Mezzovico, Switzerland
Duration: May-December 2014
Rate: €80-95 per hour
Our client is a leading global medical device company. They operate in product markets with high growth, driven by the aging population and improvements in technology that allow treating more patients with better implants.
Currently In the area of Mezzovico, Switzerland they need a Senior CSV Engineer to join the team until the end of the year. You will be needed to provide guidance; project management and reporting activities related to Computer Systems validation remediation activities. To be suitable for the above position you will need to meet the requirements listed below:
Responsibilities
*Computer system validation
*Planning and implementation of qualification / validation activities and projects of existing computer systems according to the company software development lifecycle as outlined in the procedures
*Support and consulting during projects handling GxP critical computer systems
*Prepare and approve specific computer system validation documentation
*Know and follow the guidelines regarding the code of conduct, ethics and compliance programs and other relevant regulations
*CVS remediation activities to be considered in cooperation with a QA CSV lead
*Support the IT deliverable for the CSV remediation
These SDLC deliverable include
*Project management and all PM deliverables
*Detailed design including technical design spec
*System test script writing and execution / application of installation scripts
*System management plan
*Security deliverables as required
*BIA and disaster recovery plan / report
*Also possible to contribute to the infrastructure qualification planning activities and possibly some of the execution based on timing
*Planning, coordination and execution of activities in cross-plant projects (e.g. qualification of IT systems and infrastructure needs, validation of software
Required Profile
*Higher education (engineer or similar) and a background in IT with at leas 7 years' experience in project management
*Responsibility in a similar management position or extended experience as an executer required
*Strong knowledge of the medical devices industry is required
*Knowledge of national and international regulations and standards, e.g. GAMP5, ISO 13485, ISO 62304, FDA QSR, 21 CFR Part 820, Part 11
*Familiarity with medical device manufacturing plants, SDLC
*Team player, able to work in a flexible environment with perse characters / instances with excellent communication and cooperation skills
*Experience in leading project teams
*The project manager will be providing guidance, project management and reporting activities related to computer systems validation remediation activities
*The ideal candidate must be analytical, thorough, accurate and proficient in the use of computers
*Knowledge in MS Project is desired
*Background in quality systems is required as the procedures to revise are related directly to the quality of the product or the quality system of the manufacturing
*Knowledge of regulation as defined by ISO and FDA is desired
*Fluent in English and Italian
To apply for the position of Senior CVS Engineer please follow the relevant links provided.Type:
Short Term Contract / SiteSalary: Not statedSenior CSV Engineer
Location: Mezzovico, Switzerland
Duration: May-December 2014
Rate: €80-95 per hour
Our client is a leading global medical device company. They operate in pro...Posted: Tue 06 May at 18:00       Expires: Tue 03 Jun at 18:00
Featured Recruiters
GOWell is an high-tech company that develops, manufactures and commercializes wireline logging tools with R&D groups based in Houston (USA) and Xi'an and Beijing (China) committed to finding innovative and highly reliable business solutions.
We strive to get closer to our clients and accordingly our growing footprint includes sales offices located in Houston, Dubai, Calgary, Venezuela and Baku.
For more information, visit our website:
Cenergy is a dynamic company that supplies expert workforce solutions to the oil and gas industry. We provide specialized energy personnel, safety solutions, inspection solutions, logistics and vendor management support.
We provide logistics assistance by meeting our clients' planning, dispatching and tracking needs for marine, air, and ground transportation.
Visit our website: .
Orion Group are one of the world's leading engineering recruitment agencies specialising in contract and permanent manpower for the majority of the world's largest energy specialists.
The group have 34 offices located internationally from Calgary and Houston to offices in the Middle East and Asia Pacific.
Visit Orion Group at .
© 2009-2014 oilandgaspeople.com
|