Emerson Career
Job Details
Language
Arabic
Chinese (simplified)
Czech
Danish
Dutch
English
Flemish
French
German
Greek
Hungarian
Italian
Japanese
Korean
Norwegian
Polish
Portuguese
Russian
Slovakian
Spanish
Swedish
Ukrainian
Romanian
Team Leader – Customer Service, SEAT (ANALYTICAL/201404/06/SG)
Job ID
EPM-00007598
Country
Singapore
State/Province
Singapore
City
Singapore
Publish Start Date
Apr 28 2014
Job Level
Supervisor / Manager
|
Responsibilities:
Manage all Analytical Systems and Solutions proposal activities to ensure accuracy and on-time submission.
Compile monthly hotlist orders for shipment expedition.
Responsible for the monthly shipment forecast, monitoring and reporting.
Develop and implement Business Unit key initiatives for Southeast Asia and Taiwan customer service.
Lead the hiring, training and development of customer support personnel.
Lead and ensure regional (Southeast Asia and Taiwan) awareness and full/complete observance of Think Customer, Perfect Execution, Trade Compliance and Checkpoint requirements, business ethics, company policies, escalation processes and best practices.
Drive improvement in customer service level through the creation, support and leadership for continuous improvement teams within the local organization.
Maintain a positive and efficient work environment built on effective communication of Company’s principles, strategies, plans and priorities.
Develop and implement various work processes of Business Unit business systems and in areas of responsibility.
Define, monitor, review and lead the improvement of Key Performance Measures (KPM) for the Customer Support Group; provide necessary feedback/reports on team performance, based on defined key initiatives and KPM.
Manage in-country OEM stocks level for Quick Ship Program.
Overall responsibility in managing, supporting and performing CST Team duties.
Requirements:
Degree in Engineering preferably Electronics, Mechanical, Instrumentation, Industry Automation.
With 5 years’ related experience in Analytical Industry, Market and products of which 2 to 3 years’ are in a managerial role, customer support in nature and in multinational companies.
Relevant experience in the use of management information system tools.
Possess good knowledge of trading processes and terms; should also possess initiative and persevering attitude when executing responsibilities.
Excellent communication and interpersonal skills with customer-oriented attitude and mindset.