Emerson Career
Job Details
Language
Arabic
Chinese (simplified)
Czech
Danish
Dutch
English
Flemish
French
German
Greek
Hungarian
Italian
Japanese
Korean
Norwegian
Polish
Portuguese
Russian
Slovakian
Spanish
Swedish
Ukrainian
Romanian
Safety and Quality Manager (ANALYTICAL/201403/12/SG)
Job ID
EPM-00007128
Country
Singapore
State/Province
Singapore
City
Singapore
Publish Start Date
Mar 21 2014
Job Level
Supervisor / Manager
|
Responsibilities:
Implement, maintain and improve quality systems based on the ISO 9001:2008 and international regulatory standards such as ATEX, PED, CSA etc.
Plan, control and assure product and process quality in accordance with quality principles, which include planning processes, material control, acceptance sampling and measurement systems.
Provide technical assistance to Sales/Marketing/Customer Service activities when product quality issues arise; communicate with customer service groups and representatives to resolve all customer complaints pertaining to quality and provide technical advice if necessary.
Participate in feedback loops to build on success and learn from failures as well as reviews production to ensure quality requirements are met; lead team in continuous improvement projects to achieve YOY KPI improvement.
Understand and apply the elements of corrective and preventive actions, including root cause analysis, Failure Mode and Effects Analysis (FMEA) and the control of nonconforming material.
Apply tools, interpret information and data and apply team concepts both as a member and leader to drive continuous improvement effort.
Participate in workplace risk assessments and risk control measures.
Carry out fire safety activities to ensure compliance to law and corporate directions as well as committee, administrative and audit works to ensure legal, corporate and ISO compliances.
Investigate accidents and occurrences.
Conduct training to ensure legal compliance and conform to corporate directions.
Requirements:
Degree in Engineering or equivalent work experience with in-depth knowledge of QA and statistical principles preferably with 5 to 7 years related experience in quality of manufacturing environment.
Strong project management skills coupled with excellent communication skills and sensitivity to cultural diversity.
Certified Six Sigma Black Belt is an advantage.
Expertise in electronics, electro-mechanical assembly, mechanical assembly, test or inspection environment desired; experience with ATEX, CSA, PED standards highly desirable.
Must have thorough understanding of the audit process including types of audits, planning, preparation, execution, reporting results and follow-up.