Emerson Career
Job Details
Language
Arabic
Chinese (simplified)
Czech
Danish
Dutch
English
Flemish
French
German
Greek
Hungarian
Italian
Japanese
Korean
Norwegian
Polish
Portuguese
Russian
Slovakian
Spanish
Swedish
Ukrainian
Romanian
Regional Sales Manager, Malaysia & Thailand (REG/201403/01/SG)
Job ID
EPM-00007106
Country
Singapore
State/Province
Singapore
City
Singapore
Publish Start Date
Mar 20 2014
Job Level
Supervisor / Manager
|
Responsibilities:
Achieve/exceed bookings, sales and profitability targets set for the area of responsibility.
Actively participate in project pursuit, for both in-country projects as well as multinational project; apply the tools and methodology being utilized by company and division-wide and work with LBP’s where necessary.
Develop and execute country plan (working with the LBP’s in the regions) which comprises target project list, plans for core market share growth, achievable plans for penetration of new technology, marketing and training plans.
Cultivate greater mindshare at the LBP’s, conduct periodic performance reviews and manage and develop good relationship with the top management of the LBP’s and global or strategic accounts.
Work with Division marketing and LBP’s to plan and implement promotional seminars and represent Regulators at tradeshows (such as PWOC). Provide feedback and market input to the marketing team on competitive price situation and competitions’ positions. Gather, analyze and report any meaningful market trend(s), business expansion opportunities, upcoming threats to business, etc.
Work with division and LBP by providing accurate forecast and clean orders, work with division service support to ensure customer service requests are being attended.
Work closely with other division to manage key account business; to grow the business by identifying, selecting and developing potential local accounts and to work with global team in managing multinational accounts.
Conduct regular customer visits, sales presentation, meetings at end customer organizations.
Requirements:
Degree in Engineering with 5 to 8 years experience in technical sales preferably within the process industry.
Experience in working with customers and sales offices on products and solutions, pricing, delivery and after sales services.
Ability to manage sales channels and work well with people.
Good communication, selling and negotiation skills.
Familiar with basic business software applications.
Good knowledge of general business management and financial management.