Emerson Career
Job Details
Language
Arabic
Chinese (simplified)
Czech
Danish
Dutch
English
Flemish
French
German
Greek
Hungarian
Italian
Japanese
Korean
Norwegian
Polish
Portuguese
Russian
Slovakian
Spanish
Swedish
Ukrainian
Romanian
Project Execution Manager (REG/201403/03/SG)
Job ID
EPM-00007230
Country
Singapore
State/Province
Singapore
City
Singapore
Publish Start Date
Mar 28 2014
Job Level
Supervisor / Manager
|
Responsibilities:
Actively participate in project executions for both in-country and multinational projects. Apply the tools and methodology being utilized by company and division-wide and work with Local Business Partners (LBPs) where necessary.
To achieve or have better project costing, improve margin and profitability targets for allotted projects.
Ensure compliance of Emerson’s Ethics Code (Emerson Business Ethics & International Trade Compliance) and division guidelines and Emerson’s Safety Practice at factory area and project locations.
Ensure timely execution and completion of skid project and skid commissioning with duly satisfaction from customer.
Maintain good relationship with the LBPs especially with top management to receive proper support during execution of their projects.
Work with division sales, engineering, procurement, and proposal team to have an effective implementation and completion of project.
Work with In house team and LBPs by providing needed support to complete the project in a given period of time with customer satisfaction.
Define mechanical project scope and support business goals in agreement with Senior Management during internal kick-off meeting.
Requirements:
Diploma/Degree inMechanicalEngineering with 8 to 12 years & above experience in project management preferably in power, process control, oil and natural gas industries.
Candidate with total experience of 15 years and above could be considered as Project Lead.
Knowledge in project scheduled (Microsoft Project/Primavera) is required.
Ability to manage projects and project team and with experience in working with project execution of Small/Medium/Large scale.
Good human relations and interpersonal communication skills; team building and strong leadership quality to handle team and customers is an advantageous.
Familiar with basic business software applications.
Good knowledge of project management tools and planning schedule, engineering, procurements, construction works, project monitoring and control, cost control techniques and other related tools.
Good knowledge in API, ASME, AGA, BS and other international codes related to oil and natural gas projects.