Emerson Career
Job Details
Language
Arabic
Chinese (simplified)
Czech
Danish
Dutch
English
Flemish
French
German
Greek
Hungarian
Italian
Japanese
Korean
Norwegian
Polish
Portuguese
Russian
Slovakian
Spanish
Swedish
Ukrainian
Romanian
Senior Quality/ESH Engineer (VALVE AUTOMATION/201404/01/SG)
Job ID
EPM-00007515
Country
Singapore
State/Province
Singapore
City
Singapore
Publish Start Date
Apr 21 2014
Job Level
Experienced (Non-Manager)
|
Responsibilities:
Quality Responsibility
Ensure that the Quality Management System are developed, implemented and maintained with reference to ISO 9001.
Ensure that all Corrective and Preventive action are closed timely.
Organize and lead annual internal, external and customer audit with reference to ISO 9001.
Organize parts replacement for all customers’ complaint and feedback by resolving them in a timely manner.
Ensure all measuring equipment are calibrated and liaise with factory and supplier to improved quality standards.
Formulate, establish and monitor outgoing inspection check on all VOS / AVP.
Review and to provide disposition for all items in the Quarantine area.
Ensure proper control and maintenance of Quality Documents and Records and able to prepare Quality Performance metrics and reports to top management.
EHS Responsibility
Ensure that all employees are working safety and are complying to local or in house rules whichever is stringent.
Conduct and oversee EHS audit and regulatory inspections.
Ensure that all lifting and pressure containing equipment are inspected annually.
Able to update and closing out of Safety Corrective Action on a timely manner.
Develop and implement EHS training to all employees; organize a monthly EHS meeting.
Liaise supplier to maintain, rent and improve the safety within the building.
Provide legal advice on safety before the commencing of work in the shop floor andupdate on local safety regulation that will affect Valve Automation.
Establish OHSAS 180001 and ISO 14001 Safety and environmental management program and Safe Working Procedure.
Able to assist in job hazard assessment / risk assessment of the job activities carried out in the company.
Facility Responsibility
Lead facilities improvement program such as EHS facility initiatives.
Plan, execute and supervise all maintenance and shutdown activities.
Responsible for basic in-house M&E equipment maintenance services.
Requirements:
Degree in Mechanical, Manufacturing, Automation or Industrial Engineering with minimum 5 years working experience in manufacturing/ESH/facility environment.
Good communication skills and able to interact with people of all levels.
Qualified ISO Lead Auditor or Safety Officer.
Strong initiative to execute responsibilities independently.
Strong and competent in Problem Solving Techniques.
Excellent communications skills.
Mature and able to carry out job functions to meet organization’s goals and objectives.