Jobs
Detail
6947 « InternSG – Singapore Internship Programs
Company
Silicon Labs
Designation
Product Test Engineering Intern
Date Listed
06 May 2014
Job Type
Internship / Contract   ( Entry Level / Junior Executive )
Job Period
From Jul 2014, For At Least 5 Months
Location
6 Serangoon North Ave 5
Allowance / Remuneration
$800 - $1,000 monthly
Profession
Manufacturing / Production / Operations
Industry
Manufacturing
Company Profile:Silicon Labs
(NASDAQ: SLAB), based in Austin,
Texas, designs and develops
analog-intensive, mixed-signal integrated circuits (ICs) for a broad range of
applications. Silicon Laboratories' diverse portfolio of highly-integrated,
patented solutions is developed by a world-class engineering team with unsurpassed
expertise in mixed-signal technology.Founded in 1996 on the principles of constant innovation and solid execution,
Silicon Laboratories' strong business fundamentals and proven track record have
resulted in sustained growth throughout the company's history.
Job Description:The
Role:
This
role will develop test strategies for ICs, including implementation of
characterization, qualification and production test solutions. Role will also
be involved in yield improvement and costs reduction while maintaining
excellent product quality. Responsibilities:·
Support Product Qualification Process·
Support Semiconductor IC qualification &
characterization process. ·
Assist test Engineer to collect test data for
analysis and present data for review. ·
The student will be assigned to work under
supervision of an experience Test Engineer. ·
The student will be trained to use the Automated
Test Equipment & Handler instruments in order to perform tasks. ·
The student will have opportunities to
develop some script for facilitate the data analysis.·
The student will have exposure to the
semiconductor IC testing.
Education and/or
Experience:The
ideal candidate will possess a Masters in Engineering and have basic electronic
knowledge with understanding of electronic signal and its processes. Knowledge
of basic computer language for data analysis will be an added advantage.
Please apply for this position by submitting your text CV to justin.paul@silabs.com. We are looking at students who can commit to at least a 5 month internship.
Kindly note that only shortlisted candidates will be notified.
Copyright © 2014
- All Rights Reserved -