Emerson Career
Job Details
Language
Arabic
Chinese (simplified)
Czech
Danish
Dutch
English
Flemish
French
German
Greek
Hungarian
Italian
Japanese
Korean
Norwegian
Polish
Portuguese
Russian
Slovakian
Spanish
Swedish
Ukrainian
Romanian
Lifecycle Services Director, Global (ANALYTICAL/201404/02/SG)
Job ID
EPM-00007343
Country
Singapore
State/Province
Singapore
City
Singapore
Publish Start Date
Apr 6 2014
Job Level
Executive
|
Responsibilities:
Define and implement a comprehensive Global Lifecycle Services Business Strategy for Analytical Business Unit.
Participate with company senior management in developing plans aimed at meeting strategic performance goals for Lifecycle services business.
Work with World Area management and Lifecycle Service leaders to generate business forecasts, opportunity funnel and periodic reporting processes.
Responsible for developing the Rosemount Analytical Lifecycle Services brand and ensuring global consistency.
Develop and maintain Standardized Lifecycle Service Portfolio supported with Global sales and Marketing collaterals.
Understanding customer pain points and drive service based products from proposal to market using established Processes, Pricing and Discounting procedures that drive market leading customer satisfaction ratings.
Create Global resource mapping based on Proximity Coverage and Skill sets availability.
Work with World Area management to assess and prioritize tiered service and repair centers infrastructure investments.
Ensure global use of CRM OD and Rapid Response process for Customer Service call management and resolutions.
Work with Product factories to develop Certified F2F and Online Training framework for internal field service engineers’ skills development and External Customer Education.
Requirements:
Degree in Electronics, Electrical or Instrumentation Engineering preferably with over 10 years’ experience in Analytical and Measurement Instrumentation industry.
Over 5 years work experience in management position with direct reports or indirect reports.
Ability to build and lead Cross World Area teams and drive short term and long term business goals.
Comfortable to work with Senior Management and demonstrated strategic thinking.
Able to work confidently and independently with minimum supervision.
Comfortable to travel globally on short notice.