Career Opportunities: Applications Support (Singapore based) (56882)
JavaScript is turned off in your web browser. Turn it on to take full advantage of this site, then refresh the page.
Loading...
Sign In
Career Opportunities: Applications Support (Singapore based) (56882)
Requisition ID 56882 - Posted 12/16/2013 - Information Technology - Professional/Consultant - Full Time - Office - Wealth Management - Asia-Pacific - Singapore - Singapore
Apply
Save Job
Email Job to Friend
Return to List
City: Singapore
Address: 8 Marina View
Work Hours/Week: 40
Work Environment: Office
Employment Type: Permanent
Pay Type: Salaried
Exempt/Non-Exempt: N/A
% Travel Required: 0-25
People Manager: No
Job Posting End Date: 01/31/2014
Support:
Maintenance and support of a portfolio of diverse and complex applications that are of critical strategic impact and organizational significance to the Businesses.
Responsible for the application development for the Business, ensuring the best possible return on investment for the client (includes QA and interfaces for oversight)
Provide Governance and Oversight, issues resolution and management of ambiguity at the Business level.
Relationship Manager and collaborator with colleagues, clients and third parties.
Manages the executive relationship in both RBC IT, the Business and across the enterprise.
Guides/coaches IT group in Singapore Leadership Team and holds them accountable for people management and for their team’s results.
Implements best practices and continuous improvement programs aligned with RBC IT.
Work closely with the Head of IT in development of new application for end users and recommend & advise users on use of macros, spreadsheets, and utilities (Monarch, Crystal Reports, Access, etc.) to automate various manual tasks.
Analyse user requirements, investigate options, and provide recommendations on meeting user objectives in the most efficient manner.
Develop applications, databases, spreadsheets & macros for end users, along with user & technical documentation, testing schedule, and pre/post implementation plan.
Work with S&T Manager in developing MIS for the Bank & the region.
Research user specification & develop various reports (with automated data feeds from various sources).
Knowledge & Requirement
AVALOQ Certified and Experience.
Knowledge of relevant technology
Knowledge of IT Standards, Methodologies, CMM and audit requirements
Different programming languages (e.g. C#, .NET framework, Javascript, HTML, SQL)
Multiple platforms e.g. MVS, Internet, Client/Server and ability to select appropriate one to meet business needs
IT Standards, Methodologies, CMM & audit requirements
Middleware technologies (ex. MQSeries/Websphere, WXF, XML, .NET)
Requirements methods: interviewing, data modeling, business process modeling, business object modeling and user interface design
Communication Skills
Facilitation Skills
Presentation Skills
*LI-AS1
Diversity:
Diversity in the workplace, one of our shared values, lies at the heart of our rewarding, open, supportive and inclusive work environment. We respect and respond to the many competing and evolving priorities in our lives so you can focus on what you can do best – put clients first.
EOE/M/F/D/V
About RBC:
Interested in finding out more? Click .
Apply
Save Job
Email Job to Friend
Return to List
Email this job to a friend
The job has been sent to
Please provide the information below
Job title:
*Your email address:
*Your friend's email address:
Message:
Verification code:
*Please enter the verification code here:
Send
Cancel