Emerson Career
Job Details
Language
Arabic
Chinese (simplified)
Czech
Danish
Dutch
English
Flemish
French
German
Greek
Hungarian
Italian
Japanese
Korean
Norwegian
Polish
Portuguese
Russian
Slovakian
Spanish
Swedish
Ukrainian
Romanian
Director, Strategic Procurement (PSG/201402/01/SG)
Job ID
EPM-00006853
Country
Singapore
State/Province
Singapore
City
Singapore
Publish Start Date
Feb 24 2014
Job Level
Executive
|
Responsibilities:
Develop and maintain a high-performance global organization, resulting in meeting or achieving key Supply Chain metrics and improved levels of service to internal customers.
Provide leadership, manage and develop a professional team of procurement resources.
Design a supplier network that engages preferred regional suppliers to supply high quality/low cost components in a short lead time to enhance PlantWeb Solutions Group’s (PSG) fulfillment performance.
Lead contract negotiation strategy development and negotiation execution.
Ensure that supply base trends, knowledge and expertise are utilized to optimize program cycle times and product material costs.
Promote material standardization program across Plantweb Solutions Group (PSG) Business Unit.
Liaise with counterparts in other functional areas such as Order Dating, Systems Assembly, Product Marketing, and Distribution team to ensure alignment of activities and objectives.
Identify and implement global or local process improvements to increase efficiency, accuracy and reduce costs.
Improve supplier base management and supplier development.
Monitor and document supplier performance taking action where necessary. Conduct regular supplier business reviews.
Participate in Emerson Corporate Commodity teams’ initiatives.
Requirements:
Degree in Engineering or Business or Post Graduate Level in APICS, CSCP, CPIM with 10 to 15 years’ experience in Production Control/Manufacturing Planning/Buying and Strategic Procurement.
Solid understanding of accepted procurement principles and procedures, with strengths in strategic management, supplier performance analysis and benchmarking.
Practical experience of MRP, Master Scheduling and Procurement and able to implement inventory management techniques through the purchase function.
Excellent written and verbal communication skills.