Job - Senior Audit Manager - Wholesale Bank Operations (based in Singapore or Malaysia) - 12902192 | TweetMyJobs
Follow Us
LanguageEnglish
Español
Senior Audit Manager - Wholesale Bank Operations (based in Singapore or Malaysia) Job Listing at Standard Chartered in Singapore
(Job ID 430192-451)
Standard Chartered
Location: Singapore
Application deadline: None
Type: Full-time
Career Level: Not specified
Salary Range: Not specified
Number of Jobs: 1
Relocation Available: No
for Standard Chartered
Email this job:
Description
Job Description • To lead and actively participate in global audits across Operations. • To be a key contributor to the further development of internal audit to meet business growth aspirations. Key Roles & Responsibilities • Establish and develop effective working relationships with Management of business units for which incumbent has been assigned risk assessment responsibility. • Develop a good understanding of business strategy, plans, products, processes performance, risks and issues, and communication of these to Audit Management via risk-based assessments. • Implement the strategic audit plan by leading, performing or supporting, as appropriate, the planning, fieldwork, and reporting of internal audit engagements to deliver agreed assurance objectives to established standards and timelines. • Track Audit issues to resolution. • Assist the development and maintenance of Audit test programs that reflects current business organization and operating environment. • Participate in ad hoc assignments / special projects within Group Internal Audit / Bank as may be assigned. • Share knowledge, skills and experience with team members to guide and assist in their development. • Identify and escalate significant issues. • Ability to perform role of 'Change Leader'. Qualifications & Skills • Qualified Accountant with transaction banking audit experience gained through either Public Practice or through working within a banking internal audit function • Willingness and capacity to learn on the job with the view of medium term progression further within both Internal Audit and elsewhere in the Standard Chartered group. • Ability to collect and objectively analyse and apply information, "thinking out of the box" where necessary, in supporting the planning, fieldwork or reporting of results of internal audit engagements. • Display initiative and knows when and how to seek guidance. • Respond enthusiastically to tasks allocated, accepts responsibility readily and demonstrates business professionalism in personal appearance. • Well-organised with the ability to prioritise and plan workload to ensure delivery to timescales. • Ability to work in a team and willingness to assist team members when needed. • Flexibility to work across different functions and situations globally, and change priorities at short notice. • Ability to communicate clearly and effectively, both orally and in writing. • Demonstrate understanding of and commitment to the Group's core values. • Ability to commit to 25%-30% business travel. How To Apply You can search and view current opportunities across our organisation and apply immediately by visiting www.standardchartered.com and selecting Careers. To help speed up your application, please note the following: - You will need to log in (or register if you are visiting our careers site for the first time) before you can apply for a specific role - Some roles may require you to undertake an online talent assessment in addition to completing the application form (to facilitate this process it is preferable that you provide us with an email address as part of your contact information) - We will ask you about your education, career history and skills and experience, it may be helpful to have this information at hand when completing your application It usually takes 15 - 20 minutes to complete the application form; you can save your application at any time and return to complete it at your convenience. Closing Dates The closing date for applications is 19/05/2014. Please note all closing dates are given in Hong Kong time (GMT + 8 hours). We aim to respond to successful applicants within four weeks and will keep a record or your application in our database so that we can contact you when suitable vacancies arise in future. Diversity & Inclusion Standard Chartered is committed to diversity and inclusion. We believe that a work environment which embraces diversity will enable us to get the best out of the broadest spectrum of people to sustain strong business performance and competitive advantage. By building an inclusive culture, each employee can develop a sense of belonging, and have the opportunity to maximise their personal potential.
Get alerts for jobs like this:
Please complete at least one of the following fields
Any Industry
Accounting/Auditing
Administrative/Clerical
Advertising
Aerospace & Defense
Agriculture/Forestry
Apparel/Textiles
Architecture
Arts
Automotive
Banking
Biotechnology
Business Development/Sales
Computers & Information Technology
Construction
Consulting
Consumer Goods
Customer Service
Design
Distribution
Education
Electronics
Energy/Utilities
Engineering
Entertainment
Environmental/Green
Equipment
Events
Fashion
Film
Finance
Food & Beverage
Government
Healthcare
Hospitality
Hotel
Human resources
Import-Export
Insurance
Internet
Law/Legal Services
Management
Manufacturing
Marketing
Media
Medical
Military
Mining
Museum
Music
Nonprofit
Other
Pharmaceutical
Printing/Publishing
Public relations
Radio
Real Estate/Property Management
Recreation
Restaurant
Retail
Science/Research
Security
Skilled Labor/Trades
Social Services
Software Development
Sports
Staffing/Employment
Storage
Technology
Telecommunications
Television
Transportation
Travel/tourism
Veterinary
Wholesale
Zoo
Email
Mobile
Twitter
Get jobs like this tweeted to you:
View similar jobs:
SAP - Singapore, Singapore
Standard Chartered - Singapore, Singapore
Standard Chartered - Singapore, Singapore
Locate this job:
|    |    |    |    |    |    |    |  TweetMyJobs® is a service provided by © 2014 CareerArc Group LLC. All rights reserved. Patent Pending.