Procurement Vacancies in Singapore with 1st Executive | 81111
Supply Management Jobs is the
official job board for
|
or
Procurement Vacancies in Singapore
Recruiter
1st Executive
Posted
06 May 2014
Closes
13 May 2014
Ref
6266
Contact
Richard Shelley
Location
Singapore
Specialist Area
Job Level
Sector
Contract Type
Hours
Salary
GBP80000 - GBP100000 per annum + Re-Location + Benefits Package
Further information
1st Executive have been engaged to support the recruitment of a number of key Procurement Positions in Singapore. This is an exciting opportunity to work within a true 'Global' Procurement function. If you are internationally mobile and would consider re-locating to Singapore - please read on!We are seeking candidates at both Procurement Manager and Senior Procurement Manager level to work within a new Global Procurement function, established by a market leading Financial Services Organisation. My client is targetting candidates to work within the following category areas:- Outsourcing (BPO & ITO)- IT (Application Development, Testing, Software, Services)- Professional, Consultancy and Legal Services- Banking Operations (ATM's, Logistics, Document Management, Card Manufacturing)A full re-location package, incuding provision for flights, accomodation, VISA applications and familiarisation. is provided to support candidates with the move to Singapore.If you are interested in the opportunity to work in Singapore, and would like to discuss the opportunity in more - please apply online in the first instance!
1st Executive
1st Executive are at the forefront of 'Search' within the Procurement sector operating UK & Europe wide. Our focus is in interim management and permanent recruitment ranging from Senior Buyers through to CPO`s
Options
More jobs like this
People who applied for this job also applied for
GBP80000 - GBP85000 per annum + Excellent Benefits Package
Circa €30,000 plus benefits
GBP78000 - GBP85000 per annum + Excellent Benefits
Popular searches
© 2010 - 2014 Redactive Publishing Ltd. Redactive Publishing Limited publishes Supply Management on behalf of the Chartered Institute of Purchasing and Supply (CIPS)
Powered by Madgex .
Other jobsites from Redactive:
We're using cookies on this site. Cookies store information that is necessary for this site to work well.
What are cookies?
Cookies are small text files that are placed on your internet enabled device by most websites that you visit. They are widely used and allow website owners to track your activity on their site in order to improve your experience whilst using that website.
How do we use cookies on this site?
Please read our
for more information on the cookies we use on this site.