PROJECT FINANCE - MAGIC CIRCLE - SINGAPORE
4-7pqe with Noble Legal Limited | 874955
|
PROJECT FINANCE - MAGIC CIRCLE - SINGAPORE
4-7pqe
Recruiter
Noble Legal Limited
Posted
02 May 2014
Closes
30 May 2014
Ref
DS10890
Contact
Daniel Smith
Location
Singapore
Vacancy Type
,
Contract
Hours
Practice Areas
, ,
PQE
,
Experience Level
,
Further information
This leading team handle deals that often make headline business news and they work with a large number of the top financial institutions and governments. With many of their partners acknowledged as leaders in their fields, and with all staff demonstrating the highest levels of professionalism, they have a strong reputation for delivering excellence in all that they do. The leveraged finance practice is one of the leading practices in the market, known for ground-breaking deals and structures that eventually become market standard. They can combine a multi-jurisdictional leveraged debt team with an extensive European and US capital markets practice. This enables them to provide their clients with a full service for senior, second-lien, mezzanine and PIK debt, bridge-to-bond financings, bank/bond financings, high-yield debt offerings, securitisation take-outs and debt buy-backs and restructurings. The leveraged finance market has changed. Deals these days are different and structuring them demands a broad mix of finance capabilities. The leveraged finance practice now have an exciting opportunity for an associate. They are ideally looking for high quality applicants with strong experience in leveraged finance/general finance to join a dynamic team where the quality of work is second to none.For a confidential chat, please don't hesitate to call on +44 (0)20 7691 2888 and ask for one of our dedicated consultants.
Noble Legal Limited
With in excess of 30 years recruitment experience, Noble Legal are experts in placing private practice and in-house lawyers in London, Hong Kong, Singapore, Dubai, Abu Dhabi, Paris and Brussels.
Share this job
Options
More jobs like this
© 2011 - 2014 Centaur Media Plc. Powered by Madgex .