Insurance Solutions (SAP);Application Design;Singapore;Contract (24831840) - reed.co.uk
The UK's #1 job site.
Email
Password
Keep me signed in
Draft application
You haven't saved any jobs yet
Email saved jobs to:
Find a job
Search in job title only
Search
to
per annum
per hour
Permanent
Contract
Temporary
Full-time
Part-time
|
Insurance Solutions (SAP);Application Design;Singapore;Contract
, Singapore
Competitive salary
0 applications
Job type:
Contract, full-time
Date:
Today
Reference:
24831840
Duration:
18 months
Posted byImobilus
Insurance Solutions (SAP); Application Design; Singapore; Contract 18 months in Singapore. Contract role for 18 Months, preferably starting in May 2014Rate is open, so please state your required rate on your application
Core Insurance Solution Architect
- Working experience in Insurance Solutions (SAP) with Insurance Industry Know-how - Experience in Software Architecture Design, especially Service Oriented Architecture within heterogeneous IT landscapes - Proven experience with infrastructure technology ( e.g. NetWeaver) - Provides detailed architecture design focusing on application, integration and technology architecture - Focus on critical architectural topics like Integration techniques, process orchestration, exposing business services, etc.. - Ensure that the designed solution is properly adopted during its implementation and integration into the environment of the client - Working experience in EA in current and new - data, enterprise services Project Details - Location - > Singapore - Delivery - > On-site 3 weeks, remote - 1 week - Project start -> 1st week of May - Commercials - I can provide on request.
Required skills & expertise:
Application Development
Insurance
Software Solutions
sap
core insurance
Loading, please wait...
>
There is no need to provide bank account details or payment to any person or organisation when applying for a job.
reed.co.uk is not responsible for the content of any external websites linked to or referenced on this site and recommends that all job applications are made via the ‘Apply now’ button above. If you have concerns about any job you see on reed.co.uk, please
.
Sponsored links
Send me more jobs like this
Email
By signing up to Job Alert emails you agree to our
and .
Replace a saved search
We're already sending an email alert to this address
""
If you'd like to replace this, click the replace button, or
to save more email alerts
Replace a saved search
You already have ten searches saved, select a search below to replace it.
Sign in to create your email job alert.
Sign In
Email
Password
Keep me signed in
Get qualified for this job
Recruiting for
a
General Insurance job?
Application for Insurance Solutions (SAP);Application Design;Singapore;Contract
Sign In
Email
Password
Keep me signed in
Register
Email
Upload CV
You already have a CV Builder account. To upgrade to a full jobseeker account, please enter your password.
Password
Before you can apply for this job we need your CV and a few more details.
Email Insurance Solutions (SAP);Application Design;Singapore;Contract
Email from
Email to
Sorry - we can't use that file.
Please try again with a CV that is:
.doc, .docx, .rtf, .txt or .pdf format
less than 200kb in size.
Change
Jobs
Courses
Reed
Connect with us
More from reed.co.uk
Copyright © reed.co.uk 2014
Triple your chances of getting the job you want.
24831840
JavaScript must be enabled in order for you to use reed.co.uk. However, it seems JavaScript is either disabled or not supported by your browser. To use reed.co.uk, , then try again.