Analog / Mixed Signal RF IC Design Engineer - Singapore with IC Resources Ltd | 1401390171
Recruiters
Jobseekers
Analog / Mixed Signal RF IC Design Engineer - Singapore
Recruiter
IC Resources Ltd
Posted
04 May 2014
Closes
01 June 2014
Ref
J21600
Contact
Leon Morrison
Location
Singapore
Job Function
Specialist Area
Contract Type
Hours
Salary
Good Salary + Benefits
Further information
Analog/Mixed Signal RF IC Design Engineer - Singapore
Working for a world leading Singapore based R&D; organisation, this is a superb opportunity for a highly qualified (PhD) and experienced RF IC design Engineer.
You will have the opportunity to undertake complex and challenging work in the research and development of integrated circuit designs in advanced Silicon-based technologies.
Experience is required in RF IC Design in CMOS, RF ID tags/readers such as power management, regulators and modulators. A good understanding of RF circuits and Systems is required as well as antenna design, simulation and evaluation.
The successful applicant will be PhD qualified (or equivalent) in a relevant Science/Engineering field. Fresh PhD graduates are welcome to apply.
Remuneration will include a high basic salary and excellent benefits, including relocation and allowances.
Contact Leon at IC Resources today to apply.
Key words: Research focussed position for PhD qualified candidates with RF IC Design Engineering experience. Areas of interest RF IC Design in CMOS, RFID tags/readers such as power management , regulators and modulators. A good understanding of RF circuits and systems is required as well as antenna design, simulation and evaluation, Singapore, Far East.
IC Resources - your first contact for Analog / RF IC jobs globally.
IC Resources Ltd
IC Resources is Europe’s largest and longest established semiconductor recruitment firm. With specialist USA and China consultants and an extensive Asia Pac partner network, our aim is to be the semiconductor industry's de facto recruitment partner.
Share this job
Options
People who applied for this job also applied for
Rewarding salary + benefits
Excellent salary + Benefits + relocation
Competitive salary
Copyright (c) 1994 - 2014 The Metropolis International Group Ltd. Powered by Madgex .
Cookies on the Electronics Weekly Jobs website
Our website uses cookies, which are small text files that are widely used in order to make websites work more effectively. To continue using our website and consent to the use of cookies, click away from this box or click 'Close'.