Office Manager, Singapore
Flow and Foolproof have become united
To make things simpler and stronger, Flow’s design team has now become part of Foolproof. Together we’re more able to tackle larger, more complex experience design challenges.
Office Manager, Singapore
This is an exciting time to be joining Foolproof as we continue to grow our base in Singapore. Working in our Singapore office as a member of the Operations team, you will support a small and close-knit team.
You will co-ordinate the smooth and efficient running of our Singapore office and its facilities. You will be responsible for promoting Foolproof’s brand and values throughout the space and make a positive contribution to the office environment. The role will also include basic bookkeeping and liaising with our company accountants.
You will meet and greet clients, visitors and callers to the office and manage the smooth running of meetings and the research schedule. Your colleagues will also call on your time for a variety of ad hoc tasks.
Responsibilities
Office Environment
Ownership of the entire office environment, including management of meeting and project rooms, reception, staff areas and pantry; making sure the entire office is professional, conducive, working efficiently and well-stocked at all times.
Relationship building with office managers of other Foolproof offices to ensure consistency and share best practice.
Relationship building with contractors, suppliers, neighbours and with our managing agents, and have a keenness to negotiate competitive rates with suppliers.
Pro-active in identifying and rectifying shortcomings with the office environment or facilities.
Building good relationships with all team members and encouraging them to respect the office space.
Overseeing office security including alarm systems, fire evacuation procedures and door entry codes etc.
Front of House
Ensure the experience is in line with Foolproof brand values and expectations.
Meeting and greeting visitors to the office.
First port of call for incoming telephone calls, routing calls and taking messages as appropriate.
Diary Management
Assisting with complex travel, accommodation and visas.
Booking and organising group meetings.
Logistics and Finance
Distributing incoming and outbound mail in a timely manner.
Running ad hoc errands for colleagues.
Logging and co-ordinating holiday and sickness within the Singapore office.
Organising team building assisting in organising any company wide events.
Issuing and maintaining petty cash.
Assistance with bookkeeping.
Required skills and experience
Diploma graduate, with strong foundations in Maths and English.
IT literate; a basic knowledge of MS Word and Powerpoint, intermediate knowledge of MS Excel, and an intermediate user of Outlook.
A minimum of one years’ exposure to ‘front of house’ responsibilities is desirable.
An interest in user research and research methods would be an advantage and may aide in career development.
Essential qualities
Self-motivated and proactive: as part of a busy team, you must have a can-do attitude, be flexible in your approach to work, be self-motivated and driven.
Excellent communication skills: you will be well-presented, articulate and professional at all times, and have a courteous telephone manner.
Team working: be a good team player. You’re able to demonstrate common sense in prioritising and managing your workload effectively and ‘mucking in’ as part of a wider team.
Willingness to learn: we love what we do, and you’ll be willing to get involved and develop an interest in our day-to-day business.
Attention to detail: Foolproof prides itself on the quality of its deliverables, from an email to a client presentation, and you will need to demonstrate excellent attention to detail and accuracy in all areas of your work.
Flexible: research hosting may require occasional out of hours working, with calls made on your time by colleagues, often at short notice.
Bright and helpful personality: ability to build good working relationships with both colleagues and clients with infectious enthusiasm.
Package
This is an exciting opportunity to join a fast growing, forward thinking company.We offer a competitive salary, twice yearly reviews, an annual bonus scheme, 20 days’ holiday (which increases to 25 with long service awards), and medical benefits.
Finally, we all have generous individual training budgets, which help us progress and develop skills within our roles.Oh, and we have a constant supply of tit-bits, tea and coffee in the office.
How to apply
We’re looking for people who share our passion, commitment and sense of fun to join the team at this exciting time. If you think you fit the bill, email your C.V. with a covering note to our Principal Consultant, Hong Khai Seng:
Latest from the studio
Different ways of testing your responsive designs
Right now...
we're getting ready for the next stage of our office refurb
This week...
we're running an ethnograpic study on NFC in S. Korea
Foolproof is a trademark of Foolproof Limited