eFinancialCareers jobs: 2 X SCRUM/AGILE BUSINESS ANALYSTS in Robert
Walters, Singapore
8576 jobs globally for professionals and students in Finance, Banking and Insurance
or
Search for jobs
×
×
Search Jobs
Loading, please wait...
2 X SCRUM/AGILE BUSINESS ANALYSTS
2 X SCRUM/AGILE BUSINESS ANALYSTS
Salary:
Competitive
Location:
Singapore
Job Type:
Contract, Full time
Company:
Robert
Walters
Posted on:
06 May 14
Our client, a leading bank, is currently searching for 2 experienced Business Analysts to work collaboratively with product owners, business stakeholders and engineers top build cutting edge technology.
Job Requirements: • Work with stakeholders to define detailed specifications with applicable acceptance criteria in collaboration with product owners and technology team, which includes facilitating workshops • Work closely with the Product Owners to understand the product vision / roadmap and translate that into the product backlog • Create and manage a backlog of clearly defined project priorities • Work closely with engineering to support the agile development process • Review and approve finished development work before release into production The Business Analyst will possess the following qualifications: • Recent experience of working in an Agile development environment, e.g. Scrum or Kanban • Ability to create user stories, process flows and wireframes in order to clearly communicate a set of functional requirements • Excellent at conducting requirement gathering sessions and then concisely documenting their outcome • Proven experience of managing and prioritizing a backlog of user stories • Superb attention to detail and a rigorous focus on delivering quality output • Excellent communication and collaboration skills, and the ability to speak knowledgeably with members of both the business and development teams • Strong teamwork, interpersonal, relationship and presentation skills • Solid understanding of web development environments, sufficient to understand the implications of issues within web-based applications • Desire to take ownership, be creative with problem solving, and pro-actively secure the objectives of the business This role is initially for a 1 year contract, however this is a 3 year program of work and extension or permanent opportunities are available for top performers. This is an excellent opportunity to join a leading bank to work on cutting edge technology and methodologies for a high profile project. Our EA License Number is 03C5451 EA Registration Number R1105728 If you would like to apply for this role or find out more, please apply online or contact Robert Walters on +65 6228 0226 or email to William Feint at itcontracting@robertwalters.com.sg quoting reference no 737550WFB
Robert
Walters
Contact Details
Company:
Robert
Walters
Recruiter ref:
WFB737550
Europe, Middle East & Africa
Americas
Asia-Pacific
eFinancialCareers
Contact Us
Legal Information
eFinancialCareers is a Dice Holdings, Inc. company. Dice Holdings, Inc. is a publicly traded company listed on the New York Stock Exchange. (Ticker: DHX)
© Copyright 2000-2014 eFinancialCareers Ltd.
We use cookies to ensure we give you the best experience on our websites. If you continue, we'll assume that you are happy to receive all cookies on our websites.
×