Translator - 16-month contract (Location: Singapore or Japan) Job in ,
Product Management Career, Full-Time Temporary Jobs in Expedia
Candidate registration
Login Forgot password
Forgot password
Sign in Candidate registration
Search our 667 Open jobs today
What:
Where:
OR
Let us find a job for you One-Click-Join our Talent Community and let us find a great job for you.
Translator - 16-month contract (Location: Singapore or Japan) job
in Singapore
Requisition ID:
28370
Company:
Expedia Asia Pacific
Job Function:
Product Management
Requisition Type:
Full-Time Temporary
Country:
Singapore
State or Province/City:
Singapore
Post Date:
05/01/2014
Education Required:
Bachelors
Experience Required:
3-5 Years
Relocation Provided:
To be determined
Position Description
This role is based in either Singapore or Japan.
Job Mission:
Looking to combine your excellent language and editorial skills, translation and localization experience, and passion for travel into one great job? The translator position at Expedia offers this mix in a fast-paced, multi-cultural and productive environment. The successful candidate will work together with our international teams all over the world to allow all Expedia brands to operate with a truly global 'Best in Class' localization quality solution.
Job Description
Translate Expedia branded websites and associated content from English to Japanese.
Follow GSO (Global Supply Operations) quality processes and necessary guidelines and instructions.
Develop internal and external business relationships in support of business objectives.
Follow company guidelines to ensure tone, style and voice of Expedia branded products.
Work in conjunction with Quality Managers to improve the quality of Expedia Inc. websites.
Ability to balance and prioritize multiple requests from various stakeholders across brands.
Follow terminology, glossaries, reference materials and style guides for their specific language.
Translation and maintenance of Social Media content (Facebook, Twitter etc) as required.
Requirements / Qualifications:
Experience:
Degree in Translation/Linguistics/Computational linguistics or equivalent relevant experience
Minimum 2 - 3 years in the translation/localization industry
Writing/editing experience, if possible
Experience of working in a global environment
Strong communication skills. Expertise in English written and spoken communication: e-mail, status reports, conference calls, etc.
Quality focused
Skills:
Excellent organizational and communication skills
Ability to grasp technical concepts
Problem solving
Able to work independently
Critical Competencies:
Linguistic skills and aptitude: familiar with working in a multilingual environment
Technically minded: able to grasp technical and complex concepts quickly
Travel vertical expertise and experience
Desirable - Knowledge of Translation Memory tools - Trados, SDL Worldserver
Excellent verbal and written communication skills
Able to work effectively under pressure, meet deadlines and multi-task
Excellent attention to detail, special ability to focus on linguistic issues
*LI-AL
Featured jobs
Jobs by category
Browse by location
(164) (118) (84) (42) (41) (41) (39) (27)
Browse by locations Browse by sectors
(287) (79) (68) (39) (30)
Popular locations:
(198) |
(13) |
(2) |
(2) |
(2) |
(1) |
(1) |
(1) |
(1) |
(1)
Popular job titles:
(274) |
(177) |
(152) |
(121) |
(92) |
(83) |
(82) |
(82) |
(62) |
(50)
© Expedia, Inc 2013
Sign in Candidate registration