Financial Controller
Job Seekers
|
|
what:
where:
MICHAEL PAGE INTERNATIONAL (SINGAPORE)
-
Central Region, Singapore - Rochdale, Greater Manchester
EA Licence No.: 98C5473
Leadership role MNC
About Our Client
Rochdale Spears is a very successful Group of companies which design, manufacture, and distribute designer home furnishings and decorative accessories through high-end Distributors and Retailers in USA and our new internet platform for International Distribution, Resource Decor. The Group continues to grow rapidly, having recently established our Group Head Office in Hong Kong. Arriving at an important juncture in our growth curve, this is an exciting opportunity for a Financial Controller to come and and further drive operational efficiencies on site at our plant in Vietnam.
The Job
Taking on a senior executive position within the oranisation, you will be reporting to the Group CFO in Hong Kong. You will partner with the local Production Director, Plant Managers and other key executives to provide support for the performance of the manufacturing operations and oversee the day to day activities of the finance team.
Key responsibilities will include:
Overseeing a finance team of around 30 people covering payroll, costing, inventory, payables, receivables and the general ledger Ensuring the finance function produces accurate and insightful financial and management accounts Financial modelling and analysis to support key business decisions Supporting preparation of budgets, forecasts and cash flows Maintenance of financial ledgers and accounting processes Preparation of monthly P&L; ,Balance Sheet and related reports including meaningful commentary Preparation of monthly VAT and other regulatory returns Timely production of statutory and internal financial reports Pro-actively reporting and investigating materials and labour variances Ensuring that appropriate systems and internal controls are implemented and maintained
The Successful Applicant
You will be a fully qualified accountant from a recognized international body with previous financial control and management reporting experience gained within a manufacturing business. Experience of working on site as a plant controller will be highly regarded as would a track record of controlling and reducing costs and improving operational efficiencies. The successful candidate must also posses excellent English communication skills and be used to building relationships with all levels of management. The successful candidate will demonstrate the ability to interpret complex financial data in an easy to understand way, be it dashboards, traffic lights or in other ways.
What's On Offer
Excellent package - negotiable depending on experience (manufacturing a must). Transportation provided if required.
Apply for this Job
Apply online using the apply button below or for more information phone Chris Russell on +65 6533 2777 quoting job reference H2149370-1
Pre-requisites/Summary :
Min. Education Level : Diploma Field of Study : Not Applicable Skills : Communications skills / Interpersonal skills Language : English
Company
Industry
Job Functions
Website
Work Region
Singapore - Central
Job Type
Date Posted
5 May 2014
Summary
Location:
Company:
Contract type: Permanent
Send to a friend
Your friend's email
Your full name
Your message
Financial Controller
http://www.careerjet.co.uk/jobview/5ccbe959e8c6d7d5c5f6caa606ec515e.html?affid=7b2e27d9738a79f5
|
|
|
|
© 2014 Careerjet