Product Manager- Medical Device
Product Manager- Medical Device (RE-12508763) Singapore
Product Manager- Medical Devices
Our Client is a work leading Medical Devices organisation with and exciting product pipeline. They are looking for motivated individuals to fuel growth across the region.
Location: SingaporeType: Permanent
This individual will provide strategic direction for an exciting and fast growing Medical Devices portfolio, and ensure effective implementation throughout the APAC region. This will involve:
Driving regional business through formulating, proposing and implementing strategic business plans in accordance with sales and marketing objectives.
Ensuring the development and implementation of product related references and material to aid market position.
Driving marketing activities including workshops, congresses / events, product launch planning and promotional campaigns.
Building strong relationships with key opinion leaders across the region to establish strong relationships and drive sales development.
Supporting training to fuel the sales drive to meet and exceed targets.
Ensuring product training to sales teams and distributors and facilitating sharing of best practices across the region
Monitoring and evaluating competitor activity and trends
Working closely withinternal stakeholders to align programs and drive commercial sales.
Developing product strategy that leverages and continually improves the product portfolio.
Requirements
Bachelors Decree in Business, Marketing or a related discipline. MBA is an advantage
At least 5 years relevant sales and marketing experience within the Medical Devices or Healthcare industry
Exposure within the region and Business development experience is an advantage.
Project management with demonstrated track record
Excellent English communication and interpersonal skills, with ability to influence key stakeholders
Able to demonstrate a working knowledge of relevant standards, policies, and regulatory environments
License No:                     09C5506Real Staffing Group Reg No:             53132073A SThree Pte Ltd Business Reg No: 200720126E
Name:
Please include your first and last name.
Email:
@
Phone:
Please include your country code.
CV / Resume:
Eligibility:
Yes, I am currently eligible to work (work permit/visa/citizenship) in the country to which I am applying.
No, I am not currently eligible to work (work permit/visa/citizenship) in the country to which I am applying.
Product Manager- Medical Device (RE-12508763) Singapore
Thank you for submitting your application. It has been sent to a recruiter who will be in touch.