Trak Recruiting |
| Retail Sales Manager - Singapore in London |
Job Details
Connect with us:
Toggle navigation
Retail Sales Manager – Singapore
Food lovers dream location to work.....be inspired, learn, teach, educate and sell the finest quality and assortment of fresh and packaged food. Work along side a team of food and beverage professionals that want to learn how to retail from you. Engage a customer that is not afraid to spend money on the best of the best and want to be guided by you.Love what you do, where you work, who you work with, the product you handle and the customer you sell to.....see the world!This is an Australian business that is rapidly expanding across the globe. They are world renown in the fine food category and for a customer service experience like no other. Become an expert in your field and educate a savvy customer that wants the best and is willing to pay for it. Be innovative, use animation in stores, leverage off tastings and master classes.We are looking for a retail leader with a gourmet food background. A keen understanding of the retail metrics and a sales driver. Detailed stock management, visual merchandising and the ability to run promotions and events. To be strategic and give feedback to the suppliers, buyers and product developers.If you are looking to join a global business in growth, this is your chance. We are looking for star retailers with a taste for gourmet food. There are overseas projects, secondments and growth opportunities. For your star sales skills, customer service standards, love of food and experience in this category....and....willingness to experience SINGAPORE for a 12mth contract....there is a generous monthly salary and living allowance on offer.To apply, please use the appropriate link, including a resume in word format. Alternatively for a confidential discussion, please contact Monique Hope on +61 407 112 211 quoting reference # T14892L.
United Kingdom - UK
London
Job Opportunity | Retail Sales Manager - Singapore | Trak Recruiting - moniqueh
Retail Sales Manager - Singapore 		Food FABULOUS Food - in SINGAPORE - 12 mth contract!		 Food lovers dream location to work.....be inspired, learn, teach, educate and sell the finest quality and assortment of fresh and packaged food. Work along side a team of food and beverage professionals that want to learn how to retail from you. Engage a customer that is not afraid to spend money on the best of the best and want to be guided by you.Love what you do, where you work, who you work with, the product you handle and the customer you sell to.....see the world!This is an Australian business that is rapidly expanding across the globe. They are world renown in the fine food category and for a customer service experience like no other. Become an expert in your field and educate a savvy customer that wants the best and is willing to pay for it. Be innovative, use animation in stores, leverage off tastings and master classes.We are looking for a retail leader with a gourmet food background. A keen understanding of the retail metrics and a sales driver. Detailed stock management, visual merchandising and the ability to run promotions and events. To be strategic and give feedback to the suppliers, buyers and product developers.If you are looking to join a global business in growth, this is your chance. We are looking for star retailers with a taste for gourmet food. There are overseas projects, secondments and growth opportunities. For your star sales skills, customer service standards, love of food and experience in this category....and....willingness to experience SINGAPORE for a 12mth contract....there is a generous monthly salary and living allowance on offer.To apply, please use the appropriate link, including a resume in word format. Alternatively for a confidential discussion, please contact Monique Hope on +61 407 112 211 quoting reference # T14892L.
Recruitment Kit:
SHARE THIS ROLE:
Back To Search Results Email to a Friend Apply Now
Job Search
Classification
Location
Work Type
receive job alerts to customise your job alert
Job Alerts
Name*
Email*
Classification
Location
Work Type
CANDIDATES
CLIENTS
CONTACT
Sydney
Level 6
92 Pitt St
Sydney NSW 2000
(02) 9232 1678
Melbourne
Suite 11.04
9 Yarra St
South Yarra VIC 3141
(03) 9823 5800
Connect with
us:
© Trak Recruiting 2014