Regional Marketing Manager- Medical Devices
Regional Marketing Manager- Medical Devices (RE-12508763) Singapore
Regional Marketing Manager- Medical Devices
A leading global Medical Devices company is looking for candidates for a senior role based in Singapore.
Location: SingaporeType: Permanent
The Marketing Manager will oversee all marketing related activities for the company’s business across South- East Asia and using in-dept market understanding develop solid growth plans for the region. This will involve:
Staying attuned to the development of the Regional market including: market landscape, competitive landscape & updates and customers development
Aligning to global marketing strategy to ensure implementation in the region.
Being a key player in the formulation and execution of regional marketing plan (strategic imperatives, growth drivers & key programs)
Providing training for internal and external sales personnel (distributors)
Overseeing the development and improvemnet of activities related to professional marketing, including KOL management, expert meetings/conferences, advisory board management, speakers/trainers management, (clinical) newsletter.
Maintaining market intelligence through monitoring competitive landscape for analysis and plan of action
Developing and overseeing the implementation of new product launch plans throughout SEA.
Monitoring new products i.e., sales (revenues, units), sales growth, market share and margin
Preparing promotional materials for the field force and ensuring that the materials are available for distribution in time with the cycle action plan
Requirements
Relevant Bachelor’s Degree in Business or Marketing related discipline, At least 5 years of marketing experience within a medical device company.
in a well-established multinational medical company, medical device company preferred.
Regional experience across SEA/ APAC is preffered
Understanding of entire product management, medical device selling and marketing process, customer behaviour, and regulatory environment in the region. Ability to work in a multi-cultural environmentAbility to build and maintain effective relationships with internal/ external customers, decision-makers and influencers.
Verbal and written command of English.
Self Starter, results-oriented, self driven and Initiative for effective networking with colleagues
License No:                     09C5506Real Staffing Group Reg No:             53132073A SThree Pte Ltd Business Reg No: 200720126E
To apply, please email CV
Name:
Please include your first and last name.
Email:
@
Phone:
Please include your country code.
CV / Resume:
Eligibility:
Yes, I am currently eligible to work (work permit/visa/citizenship) in the country to which I am applying.
No, I am not currently eligible to work (work permit/visa/citizenship) in the country to which I am applying.
Regional Marketing Manager- Medical Devices (RE-12508763) Singapore
Thank you for submitting your application. It has been sent to a recruiter who will be in touch.