JobsCentral Singapore Jobs - Creative Direction Manager by StudioWorkz Productions Pte Ltd
StudioWorkz Productions Pte Ltd
Closing Date: 30th May 201430/04/2014
Creative Direction Manager
Who should apply? We warmly welcome applications from creative designers who have a strong interest in doing corporate designs, and very importantly, a very responsible and pro-active individual. Apart from design work, you will be required to take on Creative Direction and Project Management roles. You will have the opportunity to learn and pick up the necessary skills to perform the roles.
As a Creative Direction Manager, you will be heavily involved in the following:
Conceptualising and Designing Brand Identities which includes logos, business cards, stationery, brand guide development and photography style for companies Designing of Website and Print materials such as brochures, catalogs, posters, advertisements, packaging etc for companies' marketing campaigns and events Interact with clients to solicit requirements and present design concepts Managing client projects and team to ensure projects are up to expected design standards Managing team to execute conceptualised designs
Applicant should possess the following qualities:
Highly Responsible Pro-activeness Task-oriented Ability to Lead Ability to Communicate with Team and Customers
Applicant should possess deep interest and basic skills in the following:
Brand Identity, Print and Web Design Acumen for Corporate Designs Ability to do digital illustrations / Flash animations / 3D-modelling is not compulsory, but would be a plus.
Applicant must be familiar with the following software:
Adobe Photoshop Adobe Illustrator Adobe InDesign Basic Flash Knowledge Knowledge on Advance Flash, ActionScripting is not compulsory but would be a plus.
To apply, please send in your resume to  with the following information:
Full Name Email & Contact Number Relevant Software Skill Relevant Experience Portfolio Expected Salary
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
Sending..
This job was successfully e-mailed.
An unknown error has occurred. Please try again later.
E-mail this job to a friend... Or yourself!
Error. Please check that the e-mails are valid.
From (your e-mail)
To (recipient's e-mail)
Your name
Notes
Login to save this job to your account.
Login is currently unavailable while we perform necessary maintenance. We apologize for any inconvenience. Please try again later.
Saving...
You've Successfully Saved:
Sign in Successful!
Notes:
Your note has been saved successfully.
Close >>
Error!
Sign In
Your registration is out of date, you need to update your challenge questions to continue.
Verify your identity to proceed.
Email Address or Password is Invalid
Email Address:
Password:
Automatically sign me in next time.
Login
Sorry!
Close
Authorizing...
Thanks for your patience - we'll be done shortly.