NEA Deputy Chairman scolds Singaporeans for wanting to save cleaners' jobs | The Real Singapore
Main menu
NEA DEPUTY CHAIRMAN SCOLDS SINGAPOREANS FOR WANTING TO SAVE CLEANERS' JOBS
Post date: 6 May 2014 - 6:05am
In a Wanbao article about the reception of the NEA Tray return initiative, NEA Deputy Chairman Liak Teng Lit scolded Singaporeans for their poor eating habits and suggested that they were spoilt.
He was talking about the relatively low try return rates at hawker centres that have implemented the tray return initiative.
When the initiative was first announced at the end of 2012, many Singaporeans were concerned about the impact that it would have on the job prospects of cleaners.
The aim of the initiative was to address a manpower shortage by reducing the number of cleaners that Hawker Centres needed to hire by promoting Singaporeans to clean up after themselves when they ate.
However, many Singaporeans felt that it would jeopardise the jobs of cleaners and many people have decided not to return their trays even in hawker centres with tray return bays.
In the end, many hawker centres had to hire more cleaning staff in order to man the tray return bays as well as continuing to clear tables as per normal.
Despite many Singaporeans citing that they do not wish to clear tables to save the jobs of cleaners, NEA Deputy Chairman Liak has said that it's just an excuse, further scolding Singaporeans for eating like pigs and being spoilt.
“It’s an excuse for patrons to say they don’t want to jeopardize cleaners’ jobs. We are dealing with a manpower shortage problem. Nothing to do with jeopardizing cleaners’ jobs... If you all eat properly and not eat until a mess, how will you dirty your hands (for returning trays)? It’s problem of upbringing. Everyone should depend on oneself (to return trays). Don’t depend on others. Everyone should really reflect on this.”
So far, the tray return initiative is in operation at about 46 out of the 107 Hawkers centres and NEA has explained that they will continue to expand it to other hawker centres in future.
Is the NEA just hoping that Singaporeans will agree with them and return trays eventually?
If they have a desire to cut down on manpower needs but are observing a rise in the number of cleaners being hired at hawker centres with tray return bays, why would they continue to roll out a failed policy?
Tags:
Search form
Search
Search Our Site
Search
Copyright © 2014 TheRealSingapore.com.  All Rights Reserved