eFinancialCareers jobs: Head, Monitoring Product Management in Standard Chartered Bank, Singapore
8576 jobs globally for professionals and students in Finance, Banking and Insurance
or
Search for jobs
×
×
Search Jobs
Loading, please wait...
Head, Monitoring Product Management
Head, Monitoring Product Management
Salary:
Negotiable
Location:
Singapore
Job Type:
Permanent, Full time
Company:
Standard Chartered Bank
Posted on:
05 May 14
Please view Job Description for details.
Job Description
1. To assist management in ensuring that the Business operates in accordance with all legal and regulatory requirements and all Group standards relating to anti money laundering and sanctions, so as to protect and enhance the reputation of the Bank with its regulators and avoid significant financial loss or reputational damage. 2. To help promote, lead and manage, throughout the Business, the culture and practice of FC risk management within the letter and spirit of UK Law. This also includes local Laws and Regulations, UK regulations and in accordance with Group standards.
Key Roles & Responsibilities
1. Ownership of Policies and Procedures relating to monitoring 2. Product Ownership of Monitoring solutions 3. Management of Audits and Regulatory Inspections in relation to Monitoring 4. Provide advice, support and input to policies & procedures that are impacted through monitoring program 5. Assess and understand risk profiles of products, channels and customers so as to provide monitoring solutions 6. Manage and run project roll outs including definition of requirements, ensuring robust testing of delivery 7. Represent the Group on monitoring issues through appropriate relationships (where applicable) with key regulators, relevant industry and vendor / user Groups. 8. Review new business requirements that needs to brought into the scope of monitoring and provide solutions where required 9. Liase and monitor sytem performance in terms of quality during BAU 10. Design and develop MI and KPI reports which would be able to provide an overview of the operations and risks in the monitoring space 11. Keep a track of industry best practices and be and influencer in leading such changes 12. Keep track of emerging regulatory expectations in terms of monitoring and evaluate the present state of infrarstructure and processes of the organisation aginst this.
Qualifications & Skills
• Must have a Degree • At least 10 years of direct experience in AML and Sanctions Surveillance & Screening within the financial services industry • Regulatory or law enforcement experience preferred but not essential • Extensive knowledge of AML surveillance systems • Professionally certified AML expert (CAMS or equivalent) • Project implementation experience (with AML systems) • Knowledge of key AML, sanctions, proliferation and data privacy legislation and regulation • Strong communication and management skills
How To Apply
You can search and view current opportunities across our organisation and apply immediately by visiting www.standardchartered.com and selecting Careers. To help speed up your application, please note the following:
- You will need to log in (or register if you are visiting our careers site for the first time) before you can apply for a specific role
- Some roles may require you to undertake an online talent assessment in addition to completing the application form (to facilitate this process it is preferable that you provide us with an email address as part of your contact information) - We will ask you about your education, career history and skills and experience, it may be helpful to have this information at hand when completing your application
It usually takes 15 - 20 minutes to complete the application form; you can save your application at any time and return to complete it at your convenience.
Closing Dates
The closing date for applications is 19/5/2014. Please note all closing dates are given in Hong Kong time (GMT + 8 hours). We aim to respond to successful applicants within four weeks and will keep a record or your application in our database so that we can contact you when suitable vacancies arise in future.
Diversity & Inclusion
Standard Chartered is committed to diversity and inclusion. We believe that a work environment which embraces diversity will enable us to get the best out of the broadest spectrum of people to sustain strong business performance and competitive advantage. By building an inclusive culture, each employee can develop a sense of belonging, and have the opportunity to maximise their personal potential.
Standard Chartered Bank
Contact Details
Contact:
Standard Chartered Bank
Company:
Standard Chartered Bank
Recruiter ref:
430072-836
Europe, Middle East & Africa
Americas
Asia-Pacific
eFinancialCareers
Contact Us
Legal Information
eFinancialCareers is a Dice Holdings, Inc. company. Dice Holdings, Inc. is a publicly traded company listed on the New York Stock Exchange. (Ticker: DHX)
© Copyright 2000-2014 eFinancialCareers Ltd.
We use cookies to ensure we give you the best experience on our websites. If you continue, we'll assume that you are happy to receive all cookies on our websites.
×