Jobs
Detail
6940 « InternSG – Singapore Internship Programs
Company
IBM Singapore
Designation
Financial Analyst
Date Listed
05 May 2014
Job Type
Internship / Contract   ( Entry Level / Junior Executive )
Job Period
From May 2014 - Nov 2014
Location
Changi Business Park
Allowance / Remuneration
$600 - $800 monthly
Profession
Accounting / Banking / Financial
Industry
Information Technology
Company Profile:IBM’s history in Singapore dates back to 1953, when IBM World Trade Corporation established a branch office in Singapore to market and service its range of data processing equipment. Today, Today, Singapore is home to several thousand IBMers comprising a growing Singapore team, as well as members of the ASEAN/SA and Asia Pacific team.Singapore has been the fastest adopted of e-business for the ASEAN/SA region as a result of both strong government support and the large number of MNCs who make this island their regional headquarters. And IBM Singapore is commited to playing a major role in cultivating the use and development of IT in Singapore, a mission that mirrors the Government’s objective of making the country a regional and global hub of knowledge-based industries. IBM’s influence and technology leadership is pervasive, reaching across industries and even filtering down to everyday life — for example, more than half the ATMs in Singapore are powered by IBM technology.
Job Description:IBM GTS Strategic Outsourcing Organization is recruiting an
Intern to fill the role of a Financial Analyst who will be going on maternity
leave from August to November.
The
Internship will be for a period of 4 to 5 months from Jun or July till end of
November.  The key focus of your
internship and area of responsibilities will be as follows :
Assist in financial planning and variance analysis
for a major Strategic Outsourcing (SO) Account.Assist in the monthly financial close including
the preparation of accounting journal entries.Perform reconciliation and prepare monthly
financial reports.Assist with revenue and cost tracking for each project
to ensure timely revenue and cost recognition.Work closely with the Project Management Team on
Project spend.Responsible for the procurement approval process
for the projects SO Account. Provide support to the Finance and Project Team on
other ad hoc projects and activities.You
will be reporting to the SO Account Finance Controller throughout your
internship period.
The
pre-requisites for the role are :
Currently enrolled in the School of Business and
AccountancyBasic knowledge in Finance and Accounting Proficient in MS ExcelGood communication and interpersonal skills This
is a great opportunity for you to gain experience and skills in Finance and
fulfill your career aspirations.  Come
join us!
Please apply for this position by submitting your text CV using InternSG.
Kindly note that only shortlisted candidates will be notified.
Copyright © 2014
- All Rights Reserved -