Jobs
Detail
6938 « InternSG – Singapore Internship Programs
Company
Wunderman Pte Ltd
Designation
Junior Designer
Date Listed
05 May 2014
Job Type
Internship / Contract   ( Entry Level / Junior Executive )
Job Period
Immediate Start, For At Least 3 Months
Location
Singapore
Allowance / Remuneration
$600 - $800 monthly
Profession
Art / Creative / Design / Media
Industry
(All Inclusive / General)
Company Profile:Customers rule. This idea should never go out of fashion,
and it won’t.
Connecting customers and brands anywhere, in the right
context and at precisely the right time, is what matters most to us. It’s why
Wunderman uses intelligence from every swipe, click, call and encounter to
optimize customer paths to purchase. It’s why our creative delivers measurable
business results.
Job Description:One of our sister agencies, Comwerks Singapore (http://www.comwerks.com/) is looking for a Junior Designer. More details below:
The Designer has a varied skill-set, able to pump out templates for
page based interaction, experiment with multiple approaches in
multivariate/optimization efforts and generate original visual
directions for Flash and other non-page based media. The Designer needs
to be flexible, efficient, detail oriented and come packed with
potential. The Designer is a master of type and layout, and the ability
to take that expertise into Flash, HTML and CSS is a plus.Responsibilities
Demonstrates and maintains standards of excellence in illustration,
typography, photography and new creative arenas as they emergeWorks in conjunction with Art Director/Senior Designer to ensure maximum effectiveness of various conceptsUnderstanding of design for Multivariate and A/B testing a plusRequirements
Minimum Diploma in a related fieldHave a strong design portfolioThorough knowledge of design software such as PhotoShop, Illustrator, Flash, and HTMLAbility to turn design into CSS and HTML for delivery to development group a great bonusMust demonstrate attention to detail in all aspects of design and productionGeneral understanding of browser/platform constraints as they affect online design
Please apply for this position by submitting your text CV using InternSG.
Kindly note that only shortlisted candidates will be notified.
Copyright © 2014
- All Rights Reserved -