Jobs
Detail
6933 « InternSG – Singapore Internship Programs
Company
Garlock Singapore Pte Ltd
Designation
Market Analyst
Date Listed
04 May 2014
Job Type
Internship / Contract   ( Entry Level / Junior Executive )
Job Period
Immediate Start - Aug 2014
Location
2 Woodlands Sector 1
Woodlands Spectrum 1 #03-14 S(738068)
Allowance / Remuneration
$800 - $1,000 monthly
Profession
Marketing / PR
Industry
Manufacturing
Company Profile:The Garlock family of companies is acknowledged as the global leader in high-performance fluid sealing products for the world’s processing industries. These include chemicals and petrochemicals, refining, pulp and paper, power generation, semiconductor, primary metals, food and pharmaceuticals, mining and original equipment manufacturers, among others.Today, we have 16 global operations employing more than 1,900 people and a distributor network that covers 75 countries. Our 12 manufacturing facilities in the U.S., Canada, Europe, Asia and Latin America collectively produce the broadest range of fluid sealing products designed specifically for industrial applications. In addition, we operate the most extensive testing facilities in the industry
Job Description:Principal Duties and Responsibilities
1.To be resourceful in doing secondary research to proactively collect and analyze market data with the end goal of building up reliable competitor, customer and industry profile that relates to our core industry segments.2.	To organize and structure the data in MI knowledge bank for easy access to users.3.	To produce executive report on key findings on regular market conditions and adhoc research projects. The MI work will revolve closely around providing critical insights and recommendations for new business, new product and/or new market development.4.	To work closely with internal stakeholders in carrying out primary research via Voice of Customers (VOC) efforts internally and externally with end users.5.	To be a team player in building the Market Intelligence culture throughout the organization by actively engaging users and effectively communicating MI outputs.industry segments.
Please apply for this position by submitting your text CV using InternSG.
Kindly note that only shortlisted candidates will be notified.
Copyright © 2014
- All Rights Reserved -