Jobs
Detail
6932 « InternSG – Singapore Internship Programs
Company
Edenpod
Designation
Marketing Intern
Date Listed
04 May 2014
Job Type
Internship / Contract   ( Entry Level / Junior Executive )
Job Period
Flexible Start, For At Least 1 Month
Location
Delta House
Allowance / Remuneration
$800 - $1,000 monthly
Profession
(All Inclusive / General)
Industry
Information Technology
Company Profile:started in 2010 for the love of evolving mobile technology, we have grown from two to 25. with award winning serial entrepreneurs, established stock traders, reputed lawyers, top club honcho, former video host and throw in a Ms Singapore World at the helm, and you have an eclectic mix of brains, passion and exuberance over the different work scopes we do across a spectrum of the finance world (tradehero.mobi), clubbing night (goinout.com), education field (wikilearn.us) and food haven (kaimen.asia).
Job Description:In this job, you’ll learn: how to react to industry trends and product life cycles, maintain relationships, and satisfy your unquenchable thirst for lifelong learning (and perhaps your penchant for cat videos and internet memes). Go head with the challenge of figuring something out sparking your competitive instinct. (We’re a not-for-profit, so scrappy resourcefulness and creativity is essential). Can't you feel your heart racing even now?Intangible benefits: A chance to embrace your love of pricing research, inventory management, growing vendor relationships, increasing selection, and reacting to industry trends and product lifecycles. Can't you feel your heart racing even now?Potential hazards: You'll be working with category leads, editorial staff, development teams, finance, advertising, legal, and customer service, so if you forget somebody's name... well, it won't be pretty.If edenpod were a superhero team, you’d be: the young kid with a destiny. And when you finally met your future self, Future You would be so powerful, like, you don't even KNOW.Worst part of the job: Your role will be inherently cross functional, requiring individuals who are interested in leading collaboration and negotiation across the organization, in both the physical and virtual workspace. Or, in other words, you'll both fall in love across a crowded room but have to endure a series of misunderstandings until you finally accept you belong together!It’ll go better if: you're secretly the head of a billion dollar sports equipment company and bring your own stock with you. But if that's true, why would you want THIS job?Make sure you bring: donuts for the entire staff, every day. Okay, FINE, you caught us trying to sneak that past again. We'll file that under "eye for detail" and move on.Your compensation will lean towards cold hard cash, in lieu of benefits.
Please apply for this position by submitting your text CV using InternSG.
Kindly note that only shortlisted candidates will be notified.
Copyright © 2014
- All Rights Reserved -