Procurement Leader Job ( ref : 7837030) in Singapore | Webjobz
Procurement Leader Job ( ref : 7837030) in Singapore | Webjobz
WEBJOBZ
|
(Job Seeker)
Find »
Find »
Webjobz, International Jobs and careers, bringing employers and job seekers together from all around the world.
Industries
Accounting
Administration, Secretarial
Advertising, Media, Arts, Entertainment
Banking, Finance
Call Centre, Customer Services
Community, Sport
Construction, Architecture, Interior Design
Consulting, Corporate Strategy, Executive
Defence, Emergency
Education, Childcare, Training
Engineering
Government
Healthcare, Medical, Pharmaceutical
Hospitality, Travel, Tourism
Human Resources, Recruitment
Information Technology, Telecommunications
Insurance, Superannuation
Legal
Manufacturing, Operations, Industrial
Mining, Oil & Gas
Other
Personal Services
Primary Industry, Agriculture
Real Estate, Property
Retail, Wholesale, Consumer Products
Sales, Marketing
Science, Technology, R&D, Biotech
Security, Protective Services
Self-Employed
Trades, Services
Transportation, Logistics, Warehousing
Utilities
Voluntary, Charity, Social Work
Employment types
All Job Types
Full Time
Permanent
Contract
Casual
Temporary
Part-Time
Sub-employment types
Apprentice
Volunteer
Internship
Self Employed
Commission Only
Seasonal
FIFO
DIDO
Home Based
Field Work
Fortune 500 company
Veteran Friendly
Parent Friendly
Recent Graduate Friendly
50+ Friendly
Indigenous Friendly
Socially Responsible
GLBT Friendly
Green/ECO Friendly
LOADING...
Procurement Leader Job ( ref : 7837030) in Singapore
›
›
›
| Webjobz
My client is the world's leading supplier of technology, project management and solutions to the oil and gas industry across the word. With over 120,000 people globally, they are present in more than 85 countries. The Procurement Leader is responsible for all procurement activity for a specific product line. Manages Procurement Specialists, ensuring compliance with company procedures and transactions carried in line with agreed terms and conditions always protecting the company best interest. RESPONSIBILITIES
Implement and execute activity planning supporting the business in meeting its targets Executes procurement plan for in accordance with master schedule Actively participates in production reviews and demand planning with production and customer service Create and implement action plans in order to improve lead time, cost reduction and on time delivery Participates in regular financial and inventory reviews with the Management Ensure compliance to company approved Supplier agreements/contracts Identifies opportunities and takes appropriate actions to reduce waste REQUIREMENTS
Excellent communication skills (both verbal and written), Knowledge of mechanical components/metal raw material preferred Proficient with SAP, MS Excel and other MS Office programs. Bachelor's degree in Supply Chain, Engineering, Manufacturing or related field. 5+ years of relevant experience in Supply Chain or Manufacturing. KEY SKILLS:
Leadership, Procurement, Sourcing, Purchase, Order, Supply Chain, Logistics, Manufacturing This is a great opportunity to work in one of the Leading suppliers to Oil and Gas industry and develop your knowledge and skills in a dynamic and exiting environment. Please send your resume in Word format with "Procurement" in the subject header.
*Please note, only shortlisted candidates will be contacted. iKonnect Global Solutions is a trading division of iKas (EA License Number 09C4763)
Jobs Like This
- Singapore
- Singapore
- Singapore
- Singapore
Want to know more ?
Apply Now
Ref /Job ID:
9686933 / 7837030
Industry:
Company:
Location:
Type:
Advertiser:
Posted:
05-05-2014
Closing:
04-06-2014
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
|