Emerson Career
Job Details
Language
Arabic
Chinese (simplified)
Czech
Danish
Dutch
English
Flemish
French
German
Greek
Hungarian
Italian
Japanese
Korean
Norwegian
Polish
Portuguese
Russian
Slovakian
Spanish
Swedish
Ukrainian
Romanian
Project Proposal Manager (REG/201403/05/SG)
Job ID
EPM-00007249
Country
Singapore
State/Province
Singapore
City
Singapore
Publish Start Date
Mar 30 2014
Job Level
Experienced (Non-Manager)
|
Responsibilities:
Actively participate in project proposal for both in-country and multinational projects, apply the tools and methodology being utilized by company and division-wide and work with Local Business Partners where necessary.
To achieve cost effective proposals to win more projects; keep good margin and profitability targets for the projects.
Ensure compliance of Emerson’s Ethics Code (Emerson Business Ethics & International Trade Compliance) and division guidelines and Emerson’s Safety Practice at factory area and project locations.
To lead the Project Proposal team to ensure timely preparation of the proposal with competitive cost and submit to sales manager.
Work with division sales, engineering, procurement, and project team to prepare the best competitive bid documents and submit to sales in time.
To meet customer requirement on specification, scope and quality.
Define mechanical project scope and support business goals in agreement with Senior Management during pre-bid and bidding stage.
Requirements:
Diploma/Degree in Mechanical Engineering with 10 to 15 years and above experience in project and proposal management preferably in the power, process, oil and natural gas industries.
Knowledge in Project Scheduled (Microsoft Project/Primavera) is required.
Ability to manage the project proposal & engineering teams and experience in working with project proposal activities for Small/Medium/Large scale.
Good human relations and interpersonal communication skills; team building and strong leadership quality to handle team and customers is advantageous.
Familiar with basic business software applications.
Good knowledge of project management tools, planning schedule, engineering, procurements, construction works, project monitoring and control, cost control techniques and etc.
Good knowledge in API, ASME, AGA, BS and international codes related to oil and natural gas projects.