Emerson Career
Job Details
Language
Arabic
Chinese (simplified)
Czech
Danish
Dutch
English
Flemish
French
German
Greek
Hungarian
Italian
Japanese
Korean
Norwegian
Polish
Portuguese
Russian
Slovakian
Spanish
Swedish
Ukrainian
Romanian
Design and Engineering Manager (REG/201403/06/SG)
Job ID
EPM-00007250
Country
Singapore
State/Province
Singapore
City
Singapore
Publish Start Date
Mar 30 2014
Job Level
Supervisor / Manager
|
Responsibilities:
Independently lead instrumentation, electrical and electronics Area.
Responsible to study the whole tender & generate tender queries pertaining to instrumentation area that is more cost effective.
Generate accurate and cost effective tender requirement in fulfilling BOM during pre bid & post bid related to instrumentation area.
Responsible for the technically evaluation of the vendor submitted offers as per tender / customer requirement.
Crosscheck tender BOM pertaining to instrumentation parts.
Involve in engineering datasheets and engineering drawings preparation pertaining to instrumentation and responsible to generate & finalize engineering documents during pre bid & post bid.
Generate the Purchase Requisition for all instrumentation items during project execution.
Responsible for the instrumentation installation in skid, hook up finalization as overall system functionality point of view as per tender / customer requirement.
Supervising the instrumentation work during execution of the skid and the FAT preparation & line up the manpower from instrumentation team.
Requirements:
Degree in engineering with 8 to 12 years experience in Design and Engineering preferably within the power, oil & natural gas or process control industry.
Preferably have knowledge of instrumentation, electrical products and applications of Emerson Products in oil and natural gas industries.
Knowledge in Control Panel, DCS, SCADA System, RTU and IEC other international standard and code related to instrumentation, electrical and electronic.
Experience working with design and engineering related works like specification, panel wiring, logic and control for the oil and natural gas related products.
Good human relations and communication skills coupled with selling and negotiation skills.
Familiar with basic business software applications.
Good knowledge of general design and engineering, business management and international design code and standards.