Emerson Career
Job Details
Language
Arabic
Chinese (simplified)
Czech
Danish
Dutch
English
Flemish
French
German
Greek
Hungarian
Italian
Japanese
Korean
Norwegian
Polish
Portuguese
Russian
Slovakian
Spanish
Swedish
Ukrainian
Romanian
Sales Operations Specialist
Job ID
ENP-00003605
Country
Singapore
State/Province
Singapore
City
Singapore
Publish Start Date
Mar 14 2014
Job Level
Experienced (Non-Manager)
|
Job Description
Sales Administration
Attend to customer orders and enter them into the system promptly.
Develop and keep track of traceability for orders booked against forecast so as to minimize inventory and optimize sales.
Liaise and support customers and sales on all order related issues.
Work and follow up with Operations closely for delivery schedule and drive for a reasonable delivery date towards meeting customer satisfaction.
Manage delivery escalation and prioritize orders so as to optimize sales and achieve customer satisfaction. Support sales to win deal through effective management of demo equipment and logistics.
Process Credit Request related to non-product returns to support proper Finance accounting.
Maintain effective maintenance certificate issuing and tracking system so as to provide clear traceability for customer entitlement and renewal status.
Sales reporting
Prepare and maintain the monthly ENPI commission file for director customer orders placed with Avocent Singapore.
Consolidate and maintain the monthly POS/INV reporting.
Job Requirements
Previous Sales Support and Order Processing experience.
Diploma in Business Administration, Supply chain or IT/Engineering.
Minimum 5 years of relevant experience in the similar industry.
Knowledge and experience of Supply Chain Management and SAP or a comprehensive ERP system.
Good in Microsoft Office Application. -
Excellent in communication skills and customer focus.
Ability to work on own initiative, learn fast, and operate in a dynamic and fast changing environment.
Must be a team player, have proven business acumen and be able to organise and prioritise work.
Responsible and accountable, follow through on assigned tasks and update progress/results timely.
Additional Company Information
For further information on careers with Emerson, catch us on
Like us on Facebook:
Follow us on Twitter: