Emerson Career
Job Details
Language
Arabic
Chinese (simplified)
Czech
Danish
Dutch
English
Flemish
French
German
Greek
Hungarian
Italian
Japanese
Korean
Norwegian
Polish
Portuguese
Russian
Slovakian
Spanish
Swedish
Ukrainian
Romanian
Regional Sales Manager (VALVE AUTOMATION/201402/04/SG)
Job ID
EPM-00006873
Country
Singapore
State/Province
Singapore
City
Singapore
Publish Start Date
Feb 25 2014
Job Level
Supervisor / Manager
|
Responsibilities:
Lead Southeast Asia & Taiwan Sales Organization to penetrate Process Industry such as Chemical, Pharmaceutical, Food & Beverage, Biochemical, Refineries, Pulp & Paper and Utilities Industries like Power and Waste Water Treatment etc.
Develop Business Plan to grow/sustain Valve Automation business in the responsible region.
Work to put Valve Automation products into customers’ Approved Vendor List (AVL).
Work closely with EPM Group to support in country priorities, key projects and key customer account planning.
Develop selling channels to expand customer (end user, EPC and valves vendors) coverage for Valve Automation.
Develop critical strategies and setting direction on key Valve Automation projects and participate in Monthly Order Reporting (MOR) process.
Liaise with Asia Pacific and other work areas for effective project pursuit.
Responsible for proposing the sales projections in the President Operating Report (POR) and achieving the committed projections for Valve Automation.
Work with Marketing to develop and maintain sales and marketing tools and work closely with the product marketing team from the factory in the Business Unit for any new market development and product update.
Requirements:
Degree in an Engineering/Science discipline with at least 5 to 10 years’ relevant experience or Diploma in an Engineering/Science with 10 years of directly related experience in the Process Analytical industry.
Possess regional experience in similar capacity with an ability to lead a sales team.
Adaptable nature with ability to work effectively in a matrix organization.
Possess good presentation and negotiation skills, coupled with good communication and strong interpersonal skills.
Good organization and planning skills and able to work well under pressure.