Emerson Career
Job Details
Language
Arabic
Chinese (simplified)
Czech
Danish
Dutch
English
Flemish
French
German
Greek
Hungarian
Italian
Japanese
Korean
Norwegian
Polish
Portuguese
Russian
Slovakian
Spanish
Swedish
Ukrainian
Romanian
Project Manager (DMC/201401/01/SG)
Job ID
EPM-00006364
Country
Singapore
State/Province
Singapore
City
Singapore
Publish Start Date
Jan 15 2014
Job Level
Supervisor / Manager
|
Responsibilities:
Manage multiple Daniel Systems Projects to meet and/or exceed customer’s satisfaction, quality standards, project schedules and financial goals.
Achieve Sales and Profit Margin forecasts for assigned projects.
Serve as responsive focal point of contact for customer, supplier and internal staff for assigned projects.
Implement good project management standards and practices at all times, including material procurement, during project implementation phase up to the successful commissioning of the project at customer’s site.
Ensure that project scope includes all work required, and to complete the project successfully.
Manage Stakeholders’ expectations throughout the Project life cycle.
Understand customer’s needs, solve customer’s problems and deliver good quality work, to improve customer’s satisfaction.
Report project status, performance and forecasts to management and customer.
Ensure accurate and competitive cost estimation for major Systems project pursuits.
Requirements:
Degree in Electrical, Electronics, Chemical, Mechanical, Control or Computer Engineering with minimum 10 years’ experience in process control industry and project management and at least 5 years in managing of concurrent projects.
Preferably PMI – Project Management Professional Certified.
Strong leadership, organizational and planning skills; excellent analytical skills.
Solid people management skills with excellent communication and interpersonal skills.
Must be results oriented and decisive; with drive and ability to deliver effective and innovative solutions.
Proven skills in project management tools (such as MS Project) and techniques.