Emerson Career
Job Details
Language
Arabic
Chinese (simplified)
Czech
Danish
Dutch
English
Flemish
French
German
Greek
Hungarian
Italian
Japanese
Korean
Norwegian
Polish
Portuguese
Russian
Slovakian
Spanish
Swedish
Ukrainian
Romanian
Graduate Trainee (FISHER/201312/04/SG)
Job ID
EPM-00006190
Country
Singapore
State/Province
Singapore
City
Singapore
Publish Start Date
Dec 18 2013
Job Level
Experienced (Non-Manager)
|
Job Description
We are currently seeking talented and high-energy individuals who want to join our continuous drive for business success and technology innovation through our graduate trainee program.
Our graduate trainee program, AP Operations Academy, is an 18-month program within one of Emerson’s business units, Fisher, which is one of the industry leaders in the control valves business.
In this program, you will have the opportunity to work along with and be trained by our industry experts in the various aspects of our business. You will join other like-minded talents from China & Malaysia in Singapore to undergo a comprehensive program which includes an induction that comprises of core curriculum modules to set a strong foundation for technical and business understanding, a series of rotational attachments to various functions, including short-term overseas attachment, as well as exposure to cross-functional and cross-border projects.
Our unique program will help you gain the relevant experience, develop technical skills, competencies and business network that sets a strong foundation for a successful career within our organization.
The rotational attachments will involve the following functions:
Order Management
Engineering
Production – with manufacturing plant
Supply Chain
Quality
Technical Service
Requirements:
As a technology and manufacturing company, we are especially interested in Engineering Degree graduates majoring in Mechanical / Electrical Engineering, with not more than 2 years of working experience, for this AP Operations Academy program.
The successful candidate will be someone with strong technical aptitude, and problem solving skills. He/she should also possess good interpersonal and communication skills with the ability to interact with internal and external stakeholders and adaptable in a fast-paced working environment. Some relevant experience or knowledge in the process control industry will be advantageous.
If you want to take on new and meaningful challenges, grow professionally, and be part of a global organization committed to excellence, it's time to consider joining our dynamic team.