JM Admin UPFL job - Unilever - Lahore | Indeed.com.pk
What:
Where:
job title, keywords or company
city or province
JM Admin UPFL
Unilever
-
Lahore
To ensure smooth operations of admin / facilities at site mainly in the areas of catering, transport, laundry, security, etc while supporting FHRBP in day to day operations.
Key Responsibilities
Timely arrangement of uniforms, safety shoes, PPE (personal protective equipment) for smooth functioning of services at site.
Maintain record of incoming & out going mails
Maintain record of PABX factory overall expense)
Arrange pick & drop of employees
Maintain vehicles in good condition at all times
Drivers training & medical fitness record
Follow safety guidelines regarding safe travel
Arrange transport as & when required
Lead Safe travel committee
Track record of security services at site
Training of security guards
Legal compliance follow-up with security agency
Ensure timely serving of good quality food as per standards.
Ensure safety & hygiene guidelines
Maintain records of meal coupons for payment to service provider
Canteen committee meeting on monthly basis.
Follow company guidelines for visitor’s protocol.
Manage stationery & photocopy machine operational at all times at the best cost efficiency.
Ensure plant is kept neat & clean as per Unilever Hygiene standards.
Cleaning material available & track record as per factory overall expense
Arrange events as per company safety guidelines.
(In site & Off site)
Factory Staff: Around 300, SC-management: 10 - 20, Service Provider; 300 - 400 per day (average)
Complete understanding of all Local Laws and Legislations related to Labor and Industrial Management
Complete understanding of all Policies and Guidelines specifically related to manpower deployment & disciplinary procedures and generally all other HR affairs
Basic knowledge of Unilever Finance and business operations especially Supply Chain
Skills
Ability to work and manage multiple projects
Appropriate labor law appreciation
Possess good communication skills
Posses negotiation skills
Education:
Bachelor’s/Master’s (preferably in HR)
Experience:
1-2 years of relevant HR/ ER experience
Unilever
- 1 day ago
-
save job
-
»
About this company
896 reviews
160 million times a day, some-one somewhere chooses a Unilever product.
Our brands include Dove, Knorr, Hellmann’s, Becel/Flora,...
For jobs in the United States, please visit
-
-
-
©2014 Indeed -