MBA Job, Philips, Senior Interior Experience Design Consultant, Healthcare 068776
Your system may not comply with the requirements to view certain sections of MBA-Exchange.com.
Please see our .
MY ACCOUNT
|
|
Please enter your email address:
Email:
Login/Register with your network:
Company Details
Company Name:
Philips
Industry Classification:
Healthcare, Consumer Products
About the company:
Job Description
Job Title:
Senior Interior Experience Design Consultant, Healthcare 068776
Created / Renewed on:
April 14, 2014 at at Philips website
Type of Position:
Full Time Job
Function:
Consulting
Locations:
Singapore
Job Description:
(primary responsibilities,
reporting structure,
career path...)
SENIOR INTERIOR EXPERIENCE DESIGN CONSULTANT - PHILIPS HEALTHCAREOur
global creative forces of some 500 professionals is located in our
studios in North America, Europe and Asia and are recognized with
around 100 international design awards every year. We invite you to
use your analytical thinking, creative talent and spatial design
sensibilities to support the creation of meaningful and innovative
healthcare solutions. THE AMBIENT EXPERIENCE TEAMBe part of a dynamic
team consulting directly with clients across APAC to develop new
spatial designs and experience solutions within health care
environments improving the patient experience and staff workflow. We
create innovative solutions encompassing interior architecture,
lighting and clinical workflow design to solve challenges in
healthcare for both now and the near future. YOUR RESPONSIBILITIES
* Collaborate with people researchers and other designers
* Coach, Train and Mentor other designers in the team
* Travel to Hospitals nationwide for experience design consulting
* Design spaces and experiences within health care environments
* Create relevant and meaningful new concepts and solutions
* Create and deliver compelling visual and business presentations
* Lead Consulting engagements with Customers and Executives
WE ARE LOOKING FOR
* Relevant Degree majoring in Interior architecture or Industrial
design
* Strong spatial design and appropriate visualization skills
* Min 6 years of relevant spatial design and consulting experience
within Healthcare space
* Strong sketching and development capabilities
* Good linear analytical skills, converting insights into solutions
* High proficiency in both 2D and 3D design software
* Collaborative team player, sense of humor is a must
* Good business skills and strong consulting capability
* Self-Motivated, Pro-active thinker with leadership skills
* Passion about healthcare and the role of design
WHAT WE OFFERWe welcome you to a challenging, innovative and creative
environment in which you can rapidly grow your experience and career
working within the meaningful world of Healthcare designing the spaces
and services of both today and tomorrow. Your role will focus on new
solutions that improve patient outcomes and save lives. You will have
the opportunity to travel domestically for customer engagements and
internationally for strategic activities.
!|!!*!
Contact
Name:
Recruiter at Philips
Follow us on:
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
- Copyright © 2014. All Rights Reserved