Respiratory and Critical Care Medicine Registrar Job - Singapore : International Medical Recruitment :
IMR - International Medical Recruitment
testimonial
All help and support from IMR was amazing and made the difficult process of moving from overseas almost simple - Dr McDonald, GP
Impressive, consistent, knowledgeable, and unflinching in their moral support. I've never known a recruitment agency to take so much care and detail, and show such commitment to prospective clients - Dr Suriya, Psychiatrist
They went out of their way in helping me fill the mountain of forms and liaise with people, and are still helping me now. I am indebted - Dr Suriya, Psychiatrist
Your services have been excellent and I have had minimal difficulties in getting to where I have wanted. Your staff are extremely friendly and reliable - Dr Rai, House Officer
IMR have great knowledge and experience in medical recruitment with a high standard of services, along with excellent communication skills and professionalism - Dr Murali, GP
We have successfully recruited a number of high quality medical staff through IMR and have always found their service to be highly professional, efficient, and effective, with timely responses to our enquiries - C Byrne, Mental Health Services
We have found IMR to be very helpful, prompt and easy to contact - K Balcombe, Medical Staffing Unit
IMR have shown a high level of professionalism in dealing with a multi-staged process, and guided me with great efficiency and a deep sense of timing - Dr Bangash, Plastic & Reconstructive Surgeon
I would not have been here (in New Zealand) without IMR's constant help and guidance - Dr Sadani, Transfusion Medicine Specialist
I was particularly impressed by the high level of service given to me. I received regular emails and phone calls providing me with updates and information on the next steps throughout the process - Dr O'Luanaigh, Psychiatrist
From the outset, IMR gave me a timeline for how long the process would take, and they were 100% accurate on that. This made planning for the move that much easier - Dr O'Luanaigh, Psychiatrist
IMR's communication is of a high standard and they are able to respond to candidates' concerns in a clear, professional manner - K Kempthorne, Radiology Dept
I would recommend IMR to other Recruitment Advisors as a good source of doctors, and a trustworthy company to work with - N Copson, Recruitment Advisor
We find IMR to be very professional and always exceptionally quick in responding to emails and phone calls - J O'Neill, Health Service CEO
I found IMR very knowledgeable in all aspects concerned with recruiting physicians, particularly the issues that are specific to practice in a foreign country - Dr Fennell, Anaesthetist
IMR's efficiency and professional manner of conduct is truly commendable - Dr Kumar, Radiologist
Thank you again for all your help and support, and for making our Australian experience possible - Dr Gubbay, House Officer
I have already referred three other doctors to IMR, who are now also in the process of moving down under, and I will continue to refer more - Dr Gubbay, House Officer
-
Respiratory and Critical Care Medicine Registrar Job - Singapore
Earn up to S$120K per annum depending on experience
790-bed JCI accredited hospital
Experience incredible Singapore
Singapore
A large JCI accredited hospital located in Singapore is looking to appoint Registrars in Respiratory and Critical Care Medicine with subspecialty interests in ICU and Sleep Medicine.
Our client is a 790 bed JCI-accredited general hospital offering acute and specialised care tending to the healthcare needs of the community in the east of Singapore. You will work amongst a multi-disciplinary team of doctors and allied health professionals, representing a wide range of clinical and surgical specialties. Successful candidates will be involved in clinical, teaching and administrative duties.
To be considered you must hold a recognised basic medical degree and relevant post-graduate qualifications, along with a minimum of 3 years post internship experience.
Brimming with a harmonious blend of culture, cuisine, arts and architecture, Singapore is a location that’s rich in contrast and colour. Singapore thrives on innovation making it one of the coolest destinations in Asia. Hotels are fabulous, the dining superlative and the cocktails served at the myriad of roof-top bars are the talk of the region. The city is safe, clean and easy to navigate. Do as much or as little as you like – with beautiful gardens to explore, world class shopping and plenty of man-made attractions there is something for everyone.
Seniority:
Registrar/ SpR
Specialty: Intensive Care Medicine
Reference Number: 1946/5
Contact Details: Recruitment Team, +61 3 8506 0185
Interested in this job?
Social Media
jobs by specialty
Copyright International Medical Recruitment 2012 -