Business Development Manager (Ink In The Office) SEA Jobs in Singapore at HP
For Home
Printers & scanners
For Work
Computers
Printers
Support
Jobs at HP
or
>
>
Business Development Manager (Ink in the Office) SEA
Job Location: Singapore
Business Development Manager (Ink in the Office),SEA-1268790 Description
HP got its start over 70 years ago because of two men who believed in their ideas. While a lot has changed since then, our commitment to innovation and creative thought is steadfast. HP creates new possibilities for technology to have a meaningful impact on people, businesses, governments and society. The world’s largest technology company and ranked 10 on the Fortune 500 list for 2012, HP brings together a portfolio that spans printing, personal computing, software, services and IT infrastructure to serve more than 1 billion customers in over 170 countries on six continents. HP invents, engineers, and delivers technology solutions that drive business value, create social value, and improve the lives of our clients. And at HP, we know that our people and values are the most important elements in this success. The Printing and Personal Systems (PPS) organization is HP’s largest business unit, generating over $65 billion in annual revenues in 2011 and over $6 billion in operating profit. PPS ships over 50 million printers - and over 60 million PCs - each year. PPS products are inspired by our customers and reflect our passion to fuse form, function, style and reliability into great personal computing systems that enrich people’s lives. This focus - coupled with unmatched global scale - has made PPS the world’s leader in printers, PCs and supplies.
1. Meet & exceed IITO (SMB) Hardware business units and revenue goals for the assigned country (‘s) 2. Lead and drive Ink in the Office printer sales, business development and GTM strategy. Understand market/customer segments requirements to define a differentiated winning product/system customer value proposition. Leverage the success/opportunity of products under the OfficeJet Pro/Pro X umbrella to grow Ink in the Office install base in assigned territory. 3. Bring an increased focus and grow Ink in the Office segment in :- a) Enterprise accounts through enterprise sales teamsb) Commercial Mid-Market Channels/Accountsc) SMB Direct (unmanaged IT) through HP Shopping/ Retail channel
Enterprise Focus: Drive various programs that are targeted at growing IITO in Enterprise segment like Demo program. Manage funnel working closely with Enterprise print specialist, Enterprise account managers and country Enterprise sales managers. Conduct trainings and ensure successful product presentations at Enterprise events. Monthly/weekly reporting and tracking of IITO performance. Drive availability for large deals in Enterprise along with country category teams. Drive SRT engagement for customer special technical requests for large deals working with technical consultants. Support opportunities for success story creation along with PR/Marketing teams.
COMMERCIAL MID MARKET FOCUS: Drive engagement with country commercial teams to grow Ink in the Office in Mid-Market segment through commercial channels working closely with HP commercial team. Ensure/Track monthly performance and reporting at country level/PBM/partner level. Conduct trainings/participate in partner/customer events to grow Ink HW usage. Work with commercial channel teams to ensure adequate resources for partners to be able to sell/demo IITO. Drive IITO specific incentive programs in country so as to achieve/exceed goals.
SMB (UNMANAGED IT) THROUGH RETAIL/HP SHOPPING: Drive IITO/SMB in Targeted retail or SMB focused retail in country, work with RAMs and Retail sales managers to ensure country retail IITO targets are met. Ensure adequate sales & marketing tools are available with retail IITO focused partners. Ensure Retail promoters are sufficiently trained to be able to pitch IITO successfully. Ensure/Track Retail partner and RAM performance based on targets set. Drive specific programs to enable HP shopping in country and ensure no conflict with retail channel sales.
CATEGORY (COUNTRY/APJ) ENGAGEMENT: Drive GTM strategy at Quarterly/half yearly timeframes with category team. Share GTM Strategy, programs and performance tracking with APJ IITO lead/APJ PM periodically. 4. Champion country needs into category team and cross-functional areas whilst driving business to meet goals; drive/support product lines and country vs category trade offs; ensure country programs, promotions and initiatives are aligned with strategy; promote sharing and leverage of best practices. 5. Develop/leverage/expand GTM pipes to optimize market penetration; ensure balanced channel mix to drive consistent sales performance; develop effective product ranging strategy by channel. 6. Strong partnership with the following to deliver overall incremental success for HP:Region Sales and Marketing Managers and Country Market Development Managers to co-develop Marketing and GTM strategy and plans.Route-to-Market teams to enable knowledge of business/product strategy and knowledge/understanding to maximize business growth. Operational functional groups (Cat Ops/Planning, Finance, Services,) to ensure understanding of product strategy/management with process alignment. Eg forecasting, financials, qualityEstablish strong working partnerships with the Supplies PM to ensure alignment and collaboration to grow hardware/system business. 7. Be an active team-player and member of the country/region Printing Systems Category Team, with high level of participation and contribution as project/initiative lead.
PERFORMANCE METRICS:1. Meet/exceed Budget financials – Revenue & Unit targets set.2. Meet Exceed Commercial/Enterprise/Retail/HP shopping targets set3. Grow HP inkjet printer market share in assigned territory.4. Programs/support targeted to grow Enterprise/Commercial/Retail/HP Shopping GTM’s5. Leadership effectiveness for key initiatives/projects.6. Excellent feedback on teamwork from country sales teams, MDMs, region category & Ops teams, cross functional IPG/PSG teams
Qualifications
At least 10+ years of related experience in Sales, Marketing and Channel/Distribution Management.7+ years experience in Category and Contractual Sales Background.7+ years experience in Channel SalesBachelor's degree or equivalent.
KEY SKILLS AND EXPERIENCES Demonstrates proven track record of achieving strong results consistent with overall business direction Solid understanding of customer insight into selling into Enterprise/Commercial RTMsExperience and knowledgeable in key aspects of Marketing, ability to quickly assess market landscape, positioning of market players, opportunities and threatsTeamwork skills / proven track record of credible partner and team relationships Ability to influence and instill confidence with peers, partners and management Solid sales and channel management experience.Strong leadership skills - demonstrated ability to lead and collaborate effectively within peers and across organizational boundaries Excellent communication skills across all levels of the organization Excellent negotiation skills, strong framework thinking as well as ability to drill down to details.Initiative / Self-starter / Ability to drive positive change and lead within ambiguity
Job - Sales Primary Location - Singapore-Singapore-Singapore Schedule - Full-time Job Type - Experienced Shift - Day Job Travel - Yes, 25 % of the Time Job Posting - Apr 29, 2014
Job ID: 1268790
Sales Jobs
What will you do with a world of possibilities? We’re solving the world’s most complex challenges, and our people are at the forefront of progress. In a Sales job at HP, you’ll play a part in building the future—one big idea at a time. These incentive pay positions involve selling HP products, services, software, and solutions to customers, both directly and indirectly. Working at HP, you’ll have the resources to develop your talent and creativity. Ready to unleash your potential? Join us in one of these Sales jobs.
Similar Jobs
Search jobs
Search Jobs
Equal Opportunity Employer (EEO):
Hewlett Packard Company provides equal employment opportunity without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, sexual orientation, age, disability, or status as a disabled veteran, recently separated veteran, Armed Forces Service Medal veteran, or other protected veteran,
marital status, familial status, age, handicap or disability, genetic predisposition or carrier status, uniformed service status or any other characteristic protected by applicable law.
If you’d like more information about your EEO rights as an applicant under the law, please click here:
Accessibility
HP is committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodation to individuals with physical and mental disabilities.
If you need assistance in filling out the employment application or require an accommodation while seeking employment, please e-mail gbsglobalstaffing@hp.com. We will provide you assistance and make a determination on your request for reasonable accommodation on a case-by-case basis.
Sign up for updates
Join our Talent Communityto receive updates from HP.
Follow us
|
|
|
|
|
© 2013 Hewlett-Packard Development Company, L.P.
Welcome Back!
Password:
Password you entered is incorrect.
A new password has been sent to your email address.