JobsCentral Singapore Jobs - Cameraman (1-Year Contract) by MediaCorp Pte Ltd.
Closing Date: 2nd June 201403/04/2014
MediaCorp Pte Ltd.
Cameraman (1-Year Contract)
﻿MediaCorp is expanding its production services teams to further develop the quality of content produced across all of our channels. This is an exciting time to be part of the MediaCorp team and coincides with our move to Mediapolis in 2015. A new state of the art high definition production and broadcast facility located in the west of Singapore. This will provide 7 studios for TV, News and drama, a fully tapeless working environment, Vizrt immersive GFX systems, multiple post production suites utilizing high-level non-linear editing systems and the latest visual effects software. MediaCorp is looking for dynamic individuals who will be the future leaders and keep us at the pinnacle of the broadcasting industry.
Responsibilities
•         Operate High Definition cameras for News as well as documentary production
•         Carry out basic audio recording
•         Perform camera set-up and alignment and other optical effects
•         Perform basic maintenance of camera equipment
•         Require to carry equipment, machine and props to and from location for filming and production
•         Advise producers and reporters on camera techniques and creative angles
•         Able to work independently (OMO) without reporter and producer at location, locally and overseas to: -    cover selected News stories as a video-journalist
-    film, conduct interviews and gather information to contribute to the News stories assigned by the editor
-    provide updated information on site to the news editors
•         Able to edit sequences using Final Cut Pro or other editing systems and send via FTP using broadband network or via satellite broadcast
•         Able to set up and operate satellite communication and transmission devices and equipment during outdoor production locally and overseas
•         Able to travel overseas for news and documentary assignments as and when required
•         Able to work in different environment and situations, e.g. disaster zones or high risk areas such as hospitals during epidemic outbreak
•         Required to drive company vehicles for outdoor shoot for news and documentary production
Requirements
•         Polytechnic Diploma
•         Preferably at least a year of relevant experience
•         Possess Class 3 Driving Licence
•         IT literate with proficiency in Mac and Windows operating system
•         Basic knowledge of non-linear editing and file-transfer protocol
•         Be a good team player and be prepared to work on irregular shift including weekends and public holidays, and standby for recall for urgent assignment or breaking news as and when required
Job Specialization
:
Programming/Production
Type of Employment
:
Contract
Minimum Experience
:
1 Year
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
Sending..
This job was successfully e-mailed.
An unknown error has occurred. Please try again later.
E-mail this job to a friend... Or yourself!
Error. Please check that the e-mails are valid.
From (your e-mail)
To (recipient's e-mail)
Your name
Notes
Login to save this job to your account.
Login is currently unavailable while we perform necessary maintenance. We apologize for any inconvenience. Please try again later.
Saving...
You've Successfully Saved:
Sign in Successful!
Notes:
Your note has been saved successfully.
Close >>
Error!
Sign In
Your registration is out of date, you need to update your challenge questions to continue.
Verify your identity to proceed.
Email Address or Password is Invalid
Email Address:
Password:
Automatically sign me in next time.
Login
Sorry!
Close
Authorizing...
Thanks for your patience - we'll be done shortly.