JobsCentral Singapore Jobs - Video Editor, NLP by MediaCorp Pte Ltd.
Closing Date: 2nd June 201403/04/2014
MediaCorp Pte Ltd.
Video Editor, NLP
﻿ Non-linear Production (NLP) is a new team within MediaCorp Studios responsible for creating compelling short form extensions to support TV’s content 360 and transmedia initiatives. At the same time, the team also produces innovative original short form and long form entertainment program for non-linear platforms such as Toggle and xinmsn.
NLP is known for producing TV bloopers, behind-the-scenes and making-ofs enjoyed online and on social media. The team also produces original content such as Easy Breezy short film, Date A Star dating reality series and 96 degrees Café mini drama which has broken news grounds in filming techniques and content format.
With the ubiquity of portable smart devices, content consumption patterns will become increasingly on demand and on the go. NLP will play a pivotal role to enable content to be consumed whenever, wherever and seamlessly on the second screen.
We are looking for a Video Editor to join the team to create great content.
Responsibilities
•         Undertake all aspects of editing for TV Production, including video effects, sound track editing, audio graphic equalization and vision mixing for post-production. The content can be long form programs or short form clips, mostly Entertainment genres in English and Chinese languages
Requirements
•         Diploma in Film, Sound & Video or its equivalent with a keen interest in TV production. Those with experience on non-linear editing system and are familiar with file formats such as P2, XDCAM, and tape formats such as DVCPro and Beta will have an added advantage.
•         Possess minimum 2 to 3 years of relevant experience
•         Sound knowledge of Non-Linear Digital Video Editing in Final Cut Pro; Video encoding and compression; Video media distribution via Internet and FTP
•         Competent with Final Cut Pro 7, Adobe Premiere Pro and Photoshop. Knowledge of Motion or Adobe After Effects.
•         Have a good understanding of file /video formats and mastering techniques
•         IT savvy
•         Bilingual in English and Mandarin so as to liaise with mandarin-speaking associates
Job Specialization
:
Programming/Production
Type of Employment
:
Permanent
Minimum Experience
:
1 Year
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
Sending..
This job was successfully e-mailed.
An unknown error has occurred. Please try again later.
E-mail this job to a friend... Or yourself!
Error. Please check that the e-mails are valid.
From (your e-mail)
To (recipient's e-mail)
Your name
Notes
Login to save this job to your account.
Login is currently unavailable while we perform necessary maintenance. We apologize for any inconvenience. Please try again later.
Saving...
You've Successfully Saved:
Sign in Successful!
Notes:
Your note has been saved successfully.
Close >>
Error!
Sign In
Your registration is out of date, you need to update your challenge questions to continue.
Verify your identity to proceed.
Email Address or Password is Invalid
Email Address:
Password:
Automatically sign me in next time.
Login
Sorry!
Close
Authorizing...
Thanks for your patience - we'll be done shortly.