PPC Manager - Singapore - APAC - Global Media Agency with Ultimate Asset Limited | 1175119
Looking to hire?
|
PPC Manager - Singapore - APAC - Global Media Agency
Recruiter
Ultimate Asset Limited
Posted
04 May 2014
Closes
18 May 2014
Ref
LM4729502
Location
Marketing Disciplines
, , ,
Industry Sector
, , , , , ,
Contract Type
Work Experience Level
Agency-side or Client-side
Job Role
Salary
£25000 - £35000 per annum + Amazing Benefits
Further information
PPC Manager - Singapore - APAC - Global Media Agency Looking for an experienced PPC professional who is looking for an Account Manager position based over in Singapore / APAC that is miles ahead of all the other standard roles out there. Working on one of the leading consumer goods brands in the industry means you will really make giant steps in your career. The RoleThis one of a kind role will see you:Working within a rapidly expanding search team on a phenomenal set of well-known clientsProducing strategically focused, award-winning workWorking alongside some of the best names in the industryAs well as your specialism you will have the chance for exposure to other channels within the business such as organic search ( SEO ). The Right PersonIn order to be considered for this fantastic PPC opportunity you must have:An excellent understanding of paid search ( PPC )A passion for strategy and coordination global campaignsThe drive to want to successfully deliver to one of the most sort-out clients in the businessAn analytical mind and experience working on Excel The CompanyThis media agency is really a company to look out for:Based over in SingaporeThis top media agency is leading the market in terms of its specialist knowledge and delivery excellenceWith a chance to work with some big clients and great prospects for promotion, this company is for you if you are looking to develop and succeedThe agency has a fantastic vibe - it's a very sociable agency with lot's going on If this PPC Account Manager role takes your interest, please do not hesitate to apply now!!
We currently have a number of other exciting PPC opportunities which I would be very keen to chat through with you, all at prominent companies.
Due to the high number of applications it is not always possible to respond to each one. If you have not heard from Ultimate Asset a week after your CV submission then unfortunately your application has not been successful. We do however wish you all the best in your job search. PPC Manager - Singapore - APAC - Global Media Agency
Ultimate Asset Limited
Through our time working in digital media we have built up a strong network of key industry contacts. Our talent network gives us access to the best people and clients across all digital disciplines. We are experts at digital marketing recruitment.
Share this job
Options
People who applied for this job also applied for
£25000 - £35000 per annum + Amazing Benefits
£30000 - £35000 per annum + (tax free)
Popular searches
© 2008 - 2014 Only Marketing Jobs. All rights reserved. Powered by Madgex .