Emerson Career
Job Details
Language
Arabic
Chinese (simplified)
Czech
Danish
Dutch
English
Flemish
French
German
Greek
Hungarian
Italian
Japanese
Korean
Norwegian
Polish
Portuguese
Russian
Slovakian
Spanish
Swedish
Ukrainian
Romanian
Senior/Project Quality Engineer (PSS/201402/01/SG)
Job ID
EPM-00003116
Country
Singapore
State/Province
Singapore
City
Singapore
Publish Start Date
Sep 3 2012
Job Level
Experienced (Non-Manager)
|
Responsibilities:
Develop and implement strategic, analytical processes and metrics with special focus on assessment & improving quality of AP projects and preventing customer disruptive events.
Responsible for the preparation and presentation of executive summaries on quality and customer satisfaction and activities associated with EPM Quality Leadership Team in AP.
Assist in driving supplier’s qualification, assessment and improvement.
Provide direction, guidance and day-to-day management for maintaining and expanding ISO registration of the Quality Systems for the business units across AP region.
Responsible for planning, scheduling and execution of internal assessment, audit administration and reporting, follow-up and closure of audit findings and reporting of verification.
Provide support to achieve the business units’ Quality objectives, lead quality improvements & initiatives and provide training to other departments in using quality tools and metrics.
Track and monitor Global PMO customer satisfaction survey program & process within AP region; work with external survey service providers and development team.
Establish OHSAS 18001 related procedures, raise the awareness of OHSAS through training to maintain a positive "Safety Culture" throughout the company, tracking of established metrics related OHSAS, periodic audits, risk identification & assessment & work internal/external parties on OHSAS related matters.
Requirements:
Degree in Engineering.
Familiar in developing, implementing, securing registration and maintaining ISO registered quality system or 5 to 7 years experience in ISO 9001, ISO/TS 29001 and OHSAS 18001; certified auditor experience preferred.
Good verbal and written communication and presentation skills coupled with good interpersonal and strong leadership skills with the ability to achieve desired outcomes and results.
Knowledgeable in techniques, language and key performance indicators of successful business management with experience in analytical, problem solving, statistical and management tools.