MBA Job, Johnson & Johnson, REGIONAL MARKET ACCESS DIRECTOR, ASIA PACIFIC Job
Your system may not comply with the requirements to view certain sections of MBA-Exchange.com.
Please see our .
MY ACCOUNT
|
|
Please enter your email address:
Email:
Login/Register with your network:
Company Details
Company Name:
Johnson & Johnson
Industry Classification:
Healthcare
About the company:
Job Description
Job Title:
REGIONAL MARKET ACCESS DIRECTOR, ASIA PACIFIC Job
Created / Renewed on:
May 01, 2014 at at Johnson & Johnson website
Type of Position:
Full Time Job
Function:
Top Management
Locations:
Singapore
Job Description:
(primary responsibilities,
reporting structure,
career path...)
REGIONAL MARKET ACCESS DIRECTOR, ASIA PACIFIC-00000PQE
DESCRIPTION
Regional Director, Market Access
Janssen AP
Johnson & Johnson is the world's most comprehensive and broadly based
healthcare Company, touching the lives of nearly a billion people
every day. Our Family of Companies throughout the world compete in
consumer, pharmaceutical and medical devices and diagnostics markets
and have the skills and resources to tackle the world's most pressing
health issues.
DESCRIPTION
Janssen Asia Pacific, part of the J&J; family of companies, is
currently looking at expanding its Market Access team in the region by
bringing on board a high caliber team members with experience &
capabilities in Health Economics, Pricing, Reimbursement, and Market
Access with responsibilities across the region for particular
therapeutic areas. The group is a virtual team with members being
based around the region meaning that the roles can be performed from
any location in Asia Pacific providing there is easy access to
international travel.
The objective of the Director/Associate Director is to provide
technical capabilities combined with strategic insights in order to
develop solutions for their respective internal clients. The role will
have a strategic and tactical focus for both pre- and post-launched
products.
Key activities will include providing input to the global teams on
needs form the region and supporting the affiliates in ensuring
successful reviews from local decision makers/payers/patients, as well
as developing relationships with external customers including HTA
bodies, Policy Makers, Payers, Providers, Patients and Physicians. In
addition the incumbent will be required to promote and share best
practice among the affiliates.
The role will have a strong commercial focus as well and will offer
the opportunity for a motivated professional to sharpen their
commercial acumen, negotiation skills and expand their network with
internal and external stakeholders.
This is a visible and accountable position offering close interactions
and partnerships with local and global colleagues such as Health
Economics, Market Access, Governmental Affairs, Clinical, Strategic
Marketing, Medical Affairs and Pricing teams. Therefore this role will
require strong leadership skills and the ability to multitask and
liaise with several regional, local and global functions.
RESPONSIBILITIES
- Work in close cooperation with various internal partners,
specifically Worldwide Market Access and health economics/outcomes
research teams at an affiliate level.
- Monitor and drive the implementation of agreed upon launch and
lifecycle strategies in the region. Execute projects decided by
multifunctional Brand Teams.
- Maintain and improve product value propositions, dossiers and
supportive evidence after launch.
- Leverage best practices across the region. Propose and design
projects and actions (incl. economic models, database studies, payer
conferences etc.) to optimize market access, pricing or reimbursement.
- Provide tactical and technical support at the affiliate level for
HTA reviews and market access related issue management during the
entire product lifecycle. Be the recognized champion for the products
in your therapeutic area.
- Develop and propose creative but solid strategies and approaches to
demonstrate the value of, and broaden access to our products in the
region.
QUALIFICATIONS
DESIRED
- Degree/Masters in Economics, Health Economics, Public Policy or
other related field is preferred.
- Strong collaboration skills.
- Fluent English. Mastering multiple languages would be an advantage.
- Ability to influence without authority.
LOCATION
- Any location in Asia Pacific providing there is easy access to
international travel (Note: This role is a local based position. No
financial support for relocation is available).
- Able to travel up to 50%.
PRIMARY LOCATION:Asia Pacific-Singapore-Singapore-Singapore
OTHER LOCATIONS:Asia Pacific
ORGANIZATION: Johnson & Johnson Pte. Ltd. (8435)
JOB FUNCTION: Health Economics Mkt
JOB SEGMENT: Medical, Pharmaceutical, Manager, Database, Healthcare,
Science, Management, Research, Technology
Contact
Name:
Recruiter at Johnson & Johnson
Follow us on:
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
- Copyright © 2014. All Rights Reserved