Year 1/2 Primary Teacher - Singapore (24698393) - reed.co.uk
The UK's #1 job site.
Email
Password
Keep me signed in
Draft application
You haven't saved any jobs yet
Email saved jobs to:
Find a job
Search in job title only
Search
to
per annum
per hour
Permanent
Contract
Temporary
Full-time
Part-time
|
Year 1/2 Primary Teacher - Singapore
, Singapore
£22,000 - £34,000 per annum
13 applications
Job type:
Contract, full-time
Date:
9 April
Reference:
24698393
Duration:
2 Years - Renewable
Astute Education specialise in recruiting contracted and permanent staff to Nurseries, Primary, Middle, Secondary and Further Education establishments around the world. One of our clients in Singapore is looking to appoint a qualified Primary Teacher to
start in August 2014 due to an increase in numbers on roll. The privately owned international school educates expatriate children plus the international community, following the IB PYP, MYP and IB Diploma Curriculums from ages 3 to 18 years old. They are looking for someone who is able to teach Primary aged children
(Year 1 or 2), experience of teaching PYP would be beneficial but not essential. You will be joining a multi-national team of staff from around the world who teach a curriculum designed to academically challenge and encourage students to embrace and understand
the connections between traditional subjects and the real world. You will have to establish and maintain good relationships with colleagues, learners and parents, deal effectively and non-confrontationally with learners and staff, positively influence others and motivate and engage with colleagues. Requirements Recent Home / International Primary teaching experience UK / AUS / Canadian / NZ / South African / USA qualified Degree and recognised teaching qualification in Primary Education Knowledge of the Key Stage 1 Curriculum PYP experience preferred but not essential (Training provided) Minimum of 2 years teaching experience Package Competitive salary Initial 2 Year contract (renewable) Free furnished accommodation Annual return flights Free medical insurance Transport to and from school Singapore People living in Singapore often come from diverse cultural backgrounds, making for a multi-ethnic society with more than 40 % of all inhabitants foreign-born workers or students bringing together a mix of Chinese, Malay, Indian and Western cultures. The city state has a lot to offer to teachers who move to Singapore from all over the world, both in terms of career opportunities and quality of life, the latter being rated as the highest in Asia. One thing most teachers moving to Singapore needn’t worry
about is the language barrier, English is not only the language of business and administration but together with Malay, Mandarin and Tamil, it’s also one of Singapore´s official languages. Outside of school there are plenty of outdoor activities such as walking, cycling and water sports or check out the historical museums and contemporary arts scene, thriving under the government’s promotion of Singapore as an arts centre. As an expat Teacher, you’ll enjoy Singapore’s diversity, very good public transport links, a safe environment and its luxurious lifestyle. Why not join the 100,000 plus expats who achieve a healthy balance between Westernized modernity and the city-state’s
traditional cultures and street life. Please contact us for a more detailed job description and personal specification. If you are looking to teach overseas we have client schools worldwide who are recruiting for positions in Nursery, Primary, Secondary and FE for the new 2014/2015 academic year. Please forward your CV to Colin at Astute Education or call +44 (0) 1159 050148 for more information about these exciting career opportunities.
Required skills & expertise:
IB
International Schools
Teacher
Elementary Education
working abroad
Loading, please wait...
>
There is no need to provide bank account details or payment to any person or organisation when applying for a job.
reed.co.uk is not responsible for the content of any external websites linked to or referenced on this site and recommends that all job applications are made via the ‘Apply now’ button above. If you have concerns about any job you see on reed.co.uk, please
.
Sponsored links
Send me more jobs like this
Email
By signing up to Job Alert emails you agree to our
and .
Replace a saved search
We're already sending an email alert to this address
""
If you'd like to replace this, click the replace button, or
to save more email alerts
Replace a saved search
You already have ten searches saved, select a search below to replace it.
Sign in to create your email job alert.
Sign In
Email
Password
Keep me signed in
Similar jobs
£37,000 per annum
Nanjing, China
£110.00 - £125.00
West Midlands, West Midlands (Region)
£21,804 - £36,756
Oxfordshire, South East England
£25,200 - £30,000
Abu Dhabi, Abu Dhabi
£21,000 - £26,000
Riyadh, Saudi Arabia
Get qualified for this job
Looking for a graduate?
Application for Year 1/2 Primary Teacher - Singapore
Sign In
Email
Password
Keep me signed in
Register
Email
Upload CV
You already have a CV Builder account. To upgrade to a full jobseeker account, please enter your password.
Password
Before you can apply for this job we need your CV and a few more details.
Email Year 1/2 Primary Teacher - Singapore
Email from
Email to
Sorry - we can't use that file.
Please try again with a CV that is:
.doc, .docx, .rtf, .txt or .pdf format
less than 200kb in size.
Change
Jobs
Courses
Reed
Connect with us
More from reed.co.uk
Copyright © reed.co.uk 2014
Triple your chances of getting the job you want.
24698393
JavaScript must be enabled in order for you to use reed.co.uk. However, it seems JavaScript is either disabled or not supported by your browser. To use reed.co.uk, , then try again.