Gumtree | Event Job (May - June) - Event & Expo Helper
All Ads
Go
>
>
>
>
> Ad ID 588972815
Event Job (May - June)
Watch
|
|
|
Report Ad
Date Listed
02/05/2014
Address
14 Balestier Road, Singapore
Job Type
Part-Time
Education Level
Not Specified
Roadshow Promoter x 200 Job Scope:- To promote and sell Top IT Brandsie: Asus, HP, Acer, Samsung, Lenovo etc.Products: Laptops, Desktops, Tablets, Mobile phoneLocation / Working Hours:- Suntec City or ExpoRequirements:- Able to commit in May - June 2014- Possessed relevant Sales or IT or Events Experience will be an advantage- Outgoing and Proactive- Candidate without experience, training will be provided- Welcome group interview with friendsDetails:- Basic Pay ($50 - $90/day) AND Commission AND Incentive- Uniforms/Meals CateredSMS particulars to 9655 8945 and arrange for a short interview.SMS (EVENT), (NAME), (AGE), (EXPERIENCE/NON)** Please note that SMS without personal details will not be entertain **
Visits: 607
You may also be interested in…
Poster Contact Information
Email Poster
Message
Attach a file:
Maximum 1MB
Please enable JavaScript to upload file
Enter code
Can't read the code?
Verification code
Send me a copy of email
By clicking Send you agree to our
and
. Your message will be emailed to the poster and not made public.
ANTI SPAM: Do not contact me offering services or anything of commercial nature.
Important Safety Warning:
Avoid fraud by meeting all sellers in-person to pay for items. Gumtree does not offer any transaction or payment services.
|
Gumtree Information
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Posting Policy
Advertise with Us
Gumtree Support
Contact Gumtree
Online Safety Tips
Gumtree Help Pages
What are Top Ads?
Explore Gumtree
Post an Ad
About Gumtree
Frequently Asked Questions
How do I get people to see my Ad?
How do I delete my Ad?
How do I stay safe while using Gumtree?
I can't find my ad. What's happened?
Follow us on
Other countries:
Copyright © 2014 eBay International AG.
Google, Google Play, YouTube and other marks are trademarks of Google Inc.
Copyright © 2014 eBay International AG
Offers: Ads with a price may include the option to make an offer to the poster. Offers made are non-binding. The poster receives offer details once it is made. The poster may or may not respond to an offer.
Notifications: While making an offer, you can choose to receive a daily notification if more offers are made on the ad. You can choose to not receive these notifications by un-checking the check box.