Systems Administrator, Information Systems Job In
- Fairmont Hotels And Resorts - IT / Software Development, Internet / E-Commerce, Cool Jobs, Hotel / Resort / Lodging, Hospitality Career
Candidate registration Employer registration
Forgot password
Sign in Candidate registration
Sign in Candidate registration
Sign in Employer registration
|
text.subscribe:
Systems Administrator, Information Systems
Employer:
Job Ref:
VAA00688
Industry:
IT / Software Development
Internet / E-Commerce
Cool Jobs
Hotel / Resort / Lodging
Hospitality
Job Type:
Full Time
Country:
Singapore
City:
Singapore
Post Date:
02/12/2014 09:07 PM
Systems Administrator - Information Systems
This is a Shared Service position which supports both Fairmont Singapore & Swissôtel The Stamford. The System Administrator is responsible for the daily operations of both Hotels" High Speed Internet and provides first level support to Hotel Guests & end-users.
Hotel Overview: The Fairmont Singapore & Swissôtel The Stamford are ideally situated at the crossroads of Singapore's business, cultural, entertainment and shopping districts. We offer 769 and 1259 luxurious guestrooms and suites respectively, as well as a collection of 16 distinctive restaurants and bars and 70,000 square feet of prime meeting space - all supported by our hotel's award-winning service teams. Summary of Responsibilities:
Reporting to the Director of Information Technology, responsibilities and essential job functions include but are not limited to the following:
Reviews and schedules daily system operation tasks; prioritizes and ensures completion of tasks, following established procedures
Provides Desktop support to all HSIA users
Ensures that all shift activities, unusual occurrences, and status events are properly logged, investigated, reported and resolved
Monitors and administers the network. Regularly review server/event logs to detect server, network and security issues
Administratng servers and IT infrastrucuture appliances
Installs and/or maintains personal computers, network, file servers, networking cabling, printers, other related equipment and systems.List of Core Qualifications:
Must possess at least a Higher Secondary / GCE "A" / Diploma in Computer Science 1 - 2 years experience in Computer Operations and Networking
Fresh graduate with a keen learning aptitude will be considered
Basic Networking Knowledge (TCP/IP, LAN, WAN)
Knowledge of Hotel Application Systems is a plus
A team player. Able to work closely with colleagues.
Good problem solver with a positive work attitude, follow-up skills and ability to work independently
Excellent interpersonal and communication skills
Must be able to work shift, including weekends and Public Holiday 3 shifts - 0730 to 1715 hrs; 1315 to 2300 hrs; 2200 to 0745 hrs
APPLY TODAY: Whether you"re launching your career or seeking meaningful employment, we invite you to visit: http://www.fairmontcareers.com/ or www.swissotel.com/EN/Careers to learn more about Fairmont Hotels & Resorts and Swissôtel Hotels & Resorts and the extraordinary opportunities that exist.Visa Requirements:
The Hotel currently is unable to apply for Work Passes for this position. The position is open to only Singaporeans. ABOUT OUR COMPANY
At Fairmont Singapore and Swissôtel The Stamford we offer our guests the finest hospitality experience in each of our destinations. Your contribution is important to the success of our Company and we are committed to providing an environment that will foster and reward your efforts. Our teams around the globe endeavour to provide a safe, attractive and dynamic working environment, which will encourage you to take initiative and demonstrate your best abilities. Together we design career plans and unveil new professional perspectives through our various development programs, and with your contribution you will help make your ambitions real. An exciting future awaits!
Action
Featured jobs
|
San Francisco
|
Boulder
|
Steamboat Springs
|
Phoenix
|
Anchorage / Remote Locations
Featured employers
Industry Guides:
Employment:
Company Info:
Copyright © 1999 - 2014 JobMonkey, Inc. All rights reserved.