MBA Job, Johnson & Johnson, MARKETING DIRECTOR, JOHNSON'S BABY CORE Job
Your system may not comply with the requirements to view certain sections of MBA-Exchange.com.
Please see our .
MY ACCOUNT
|
|
Please enter your email address:
Email:
Login/Register with your network:
Company Details
Company Name:
Johnson & Johnson
Industry Classification:
Healthcare
About the company:
Job Description
Job Title:
MARKETING DIRECTOR, JOHNSON'S BABY CORE Job
Created / Renewed on:
April 03, 2014 at at Johnson & Johnson website
Type of Position:
Full Time Job
Function:
Marketing
Locations:
Singapore
Job Description:
(primary responsibilities,
reporting structure,
career path...)
MARKETING DIRECTOR, JOHNSON'S BABY CORE-5544140306
DESCRIPTION
Baby Care in Asia Pacific is the biggest sales and profit contributor
to the region, delivering nearly $900mm in sales across 3 equities
(Johnson?s Baby, Aveeno Baby, Elsker). The portfolio carries a level
of complexity as it covers 8 categories across 14 markets consisting
of both emerging and developed markets.
Job Description
The Director, Core Baby & Asia Pacific is a key strategic leadership
role within the Baby Global Franchise Organization. This position
reports into the Sr. Director, Global Baby Franchise ? Asia Pacific &
Global Emerging Markets and will be based in Singapore.
The Director will play a key part in the overall business and equity
growth strategy for the Johnson?s® Baby brand in Asia-Pacific, with
direct responsibility for Core Baby, brand communication strategy,
claims development and equity management. This position will also be
responsible for ensuring the pipeline sufficiency of AP to meet its
strategic plan targets while at the same time leading the product
development process of new initiatives that will drive to meet the
business plans of the markets. This position will work with the
Regional Franchise Leadership team (composed of R an MBA or equivalent
degree is preferred. A minimum of 10+ years of progressive Consumer
Packaged Goods (CPG) marketing experience is required.
- International/Multicultural experience.
Demonstrated track record and marketing leadership, including
advertising, new products and business plan development, is required.
Strong collaboration and communication skills are required.
Demonstrated ability to influence cross-functional and senior
management to impact decision-making is required. Track record in
identifying winning consumer insights, growth opportunities and
priorities and influencing alignment to execute against strategic
growth plan is required.
The ability to think analytically and strategically to understand
complex or ambiguous problems or issues is required.
Coaching/mentoring skills to develop marketers is required. Experience
working with R&D;, Market Research, Advertising Agencies, Finance,
Sales and Project Management is required. Experience working with
Legal, Regulatory and global partners is preferred, as is experience
in working in at least one of the Asia Pacific markets.
This position requires approximately 20-30% travel.
PRIMARY LOCATION:Asia Pacific-Singapore-Singapore-Singapore
ORGANIZATION: Johnson & Johnson Pte. Ltd. (8435)
JOB FUNCTION: Marketing
JOB SEGMENT: Manager, Marketing MBA, Equity, Law, Management,
Marketing, Finance, Legal
Contact
Name:
Recruiter at Johnson & Johnson
Follow us on:
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
- Copyright © 2014. All Rights Reserved