JobsCentral Singapore Jobs - Temporary Roadshow Ambassador x 13 ($7 plus good commission) by Recruit Express Pte Ltd
Recruit Express Pte Ltd
Singapore’s Largest & Most Preferred Recruitment Company!
As a premier leading recruitment consultancy in Singapore, our success has been a result of our focus in facilitating the success of our Clients in business whilst enhancing the career opportunities for our Candidates.
With our swift expansion across the region, we now have offices in Singapore, Taiwan, Sydney, Kuala Lumpur and Hongkong as well as a partner network in Shanghai and Japan.
We serve with distinction and provide comprehensive staffing needs. As the total recruitment and staffing solutions partner, our goal is to provide our Clients the best staffing solutions through an integrated database network supported by localized content and services.
EA Licence No.: 99C4599
Closing Date: 2nd June 201402/05/2014
Temporary Roadshow Ambassador x 13 ($7 plus good commission)
Responsibilities:
Help set up the event booth  Attend to walk in customers  Provide admin support for application  Other ad-hoc duties
Requirement:
At least 'O' levels and above  Able to work for at least 1 month  Bubbly individuals  Training is provided  Islandwide location
If interested, please forward your CV in MS word format to:
east3@recruitexpress.com.sg (Attn: Hazel R106528; Ref: Hester)
Or you can arrange a walk in interview by calling 67373328 (look for Hester)
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
Sending..
This job was successfully e-mailed.
An unknown error has occurred. Please try again later.
E-mail this job to a friend... Or yourself!
Error. Please check that the e-mails are valid.
From (your e-mail)
To (recipient's e-mail)
Your name
Notes
Login to save this job to your account.
Login is currently unavailable while we perform necessary maintenance. We apologize for any inconvenience. Please try again later.
Saving...
You've Successfully Saved:
Sign in Successful!
Notes:
Your note has been saved successfully.
Close >>
Error!
Sign In
Your registration is out of date, you need to update your challenge questions to continue.
Verify your identity to proceed.
Email Address or Password is Invalid
Email Address:
Password:
Automatically sign me in next time.
Login
Sorry!
Close
Authorizing...
Thanks for your patience - we'll be done shortly.