Gumtree | A LEVEL/POLY STUDENTS! EARN WELL ON HOLIDAYS! ($500-$800/WEEK!) - Other Part-time Jobs
All Ads
Go
Popular
>
>
>
> Ad ID 575260885
A LEVEL/POLY STUDENTS! EARN WELL ON HOLIDAYS! ($500-$800/WEEK!)
Watch
|
|
|
Report Ad
Date Listed
17/03/2014
Address
Singapore
Job Type
Part-Time
Education Level
Not Specified
In need of personnels to help us manage our projects! Tasks are very simple! ABLE TO WORK WITH FRIENDS! GOOD compensation of $500-$800 per week! NO experience needed! FREE training will be provided! VERY flexible working hours! All are welcome to apply!- Students- Working adults- NSFRequirements:- 18 years old and above- Singaporeans or PRsSend your Name, Age, Nationality and current employment status to 92222744 for more information on the job scope and to book for an interview. First come first serve basis. Limited vacancies!
Visits: 213
You may also be interested in…
Poster Contact Information
Email Poster
Message
Attach a file:
Maximum 1MB
Please enable JavaScript to upload file
Enter code
Can't read the code?
Verification code
Send me a copy of email
By clicking Send you agree to our
and
. Your message will be emailed to the poster and not made public.
ANTI SPAM: Do not contact me offering services or anything of commercial nature.
Important Safety Warning:
Avoid fraud by meeting all sellers in-person to pay for items. Gumtree does not offer any transaction or payment services.
|
Gumtree Information
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Posting Policy
Advertise with Us
Gumtree Support
Contact Gumtree
Online Safety Tips
Gumtree Help Pages
What are Top Ads?
Explore Gumtree
Post an Ad
About Gumtree
Frequently Asked Questions
How do I get people to see my Ad?
How do I delete my Ad?
How do I stay safe while using Gumtree?
I can't find my ad. What's happened?
Follow us on
Other countries:
Copyright © 2014 eBay International AG.
Google, Google Play, YouTube and other marks are trademarks of Google Inc.
Copyright © 2014 eBay International AG
Offers: Ads with a price may include the option to make an offer to the poster. Offers made are non-binding. The poster receives offer details once it is made. The poster may or may not respond to an offer.
Notifications: While making an offer, you can choose to receive a daily notification if more offers are made on the ad. You can choose to not receive these notifications by un-checking the check box.