Practice Lead Network Security Jobs in Singapore at HP
For Home
Printers & scanners
For Work
Computers
Printers
Support
Jobs at HP
or
>
>
Practice Lead Network Security
Job Location: Singapore
Practice Lead-Network Security-1231633 Description
HP is one of the world’s largest & most successful IT companies. We know that our people and values are the most important elements in this success. We invest in your personal growth and development in an environment that will both challenge and reward you.
HP Enterprise Group (EG) offers a diverse portfolio of products ranging from Networking, Storage, ISS to Technology Services, Consulting and Outsourcing. We provide consulting and support to more than 1,000 corporations and government clients in 90 countries, achieving maximum productivity and efficiency for our customers.
In order to drive this continued success through our talented workforce, we have an opportunity for a Practice Lead, Network Security to be part of our APJ Technology Consulting. The primary role is to provide security solution and technology subject matter expertise, professional services experience and consultancy knowledge to meet customers’ expectations. The position requires professional representation of HP EG Technology Consulting at customer meetings – to assist sales in selling the HP Network Security approach and services capabilities. Additionally the successful individual is to promote the HP EG Portfolio of Security Products and Services and its associated security technology with the customer, positioning best fit solutions that meet/enhance client’s security strategy and reduce risk. This role is to work on architect solutions and technically drive security projects at an enterprise level, ensuring that the client’s security requirements are met.
Responsibilities Responsible for providing a detailed technical design for enterprise solutions, this includes analysis and development of enterprise technology solutions. Leads large cross functional teams to include technical management of client staff assigned to implementation team in the completion of one or more solution requirements, architecture, or implementation deliverables. Provides the technical direction required to resolve complex issues to ensure the on-time delivery of solutions that meet customer expectations. May need to develop new methods to apply to situations. Provides advanced technical consulting and advice to proposal efforts, solution design. Provides consulting advice to customer senior Information Technology (IT) leadership and sets strategic direction for customers based on HP’s solutions and products. Works with peers outside immediate organization to define and characterize complex technology or process problems and/or develops new solutions, yet works independently to drive technical problems to a solution. Produces strategies which assist HP in becoming No. 1 in the market place. Actively participates in HP professions program and Practice Improvement activities. Role models knowledge sharing and Re-use within practice or profession. Proactively encourages Leads technically significant work on enterprise scale projects. Is recognized by peers as an expert in a particular area of technology. Sustained and consistent contribution at the region level.
Qualifications
The successful candidate will have the following attributes:Ability to travel throughout the APJ region of upto 50%.Has had extensive experience solutioning and selling to all industry sectors.Has worked in a multi-matrix organisation. Excellent interpersonal and communication skills with ability in developing and maintaning executive/C-level relationship.Consultative, solution selling with business acument.
Essential Skills & Experience Min of 10 years of IT Security experience with a degree in Computer Science or related area of study.
Experience of designing and implementing Security Solutions through to operation, experience of multi-supplier/multi-platform environments An in-depth knowledge of all key areas of Information Security Technology, business risk management challenges and approaches with the ability to apply them appropriately. Developing and delivering Security Architectures/Strategies as part of a broader Enterprise or IS/IT Architecture Sufficient depth and breadth of technical knowledge to design and scope multiple deliverables across a number of technologies In depth knowledge and experience of the following solutions (from): Network Security, Security Information and Event Management, Web & Email Security, IDS/IPS, Application Security, End Point Security, Data Loss Prevention Knowledge and experience of the following vendor’s technologies (from): Fortinet, Checkpoint, Symantec, McAfee, Websense, RSA, Arcsight, Tippingpoint, Fortify, F5 and Bluecoat Understanding of Threat and Risk analysis methodologies/techniques and the interpretation/application of their output in the definition of Security Architectures. Able to communicate with and present to, internal and external senior management confidently and demonstrate the professionalism of the job family. Security Architectural and/or Enterprise Architectural Frameworks (e.g. SABSA, TOGAF) Interpreting and applying appropriate Standards, Policies and Legislation, e.g. ISO27001, PCI/DSS, COBIT, SOX, DPA, HMG SPF, etc A formal security industry accreditation would be an advantage e.g. CISSP, CLAS, ISSAP, SCF/SCP/SCM
Job - Services Primary Location - Singapore-Singapore-Singapore Schedule - Full-time Job Type - Experienced Shift - Day Job Travel - Yes, 50 % of the Time Job Posting - Mar 25, 2014
Job ID: 1231633
Services Jobs
In a Services job at HP, you’ll build the future—one big idea at a time. Ready to unleash your professional potential? You’ll use your experience and knowledge to provide technical services and develop IT business solutions. And you’ll help drive our growth as a technology leader. If solving the world’s biggest challenges sounds like the right career path for you, consider these Services job opportunities, and join us at HP.
Similar Jobs
Search jobs
Search Jobs
Equal Opportunity Employer (EEO):
Hewlett Packard Company provides equal employment opportunity without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, sexual orientation, age, disability, or status as a disabled veteran, recently separated veteran, Armed Forces Service Medal veteran, or other protected veteran,
marital status, familial status, age, handicap or disability, genetic predisposition or carrier status, uniformed service status or any other characteristic protected by applicable law.
If you’d like more information about your EEO rights as an applicant under the law, please click here:
Accessibility
HP is committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodation to individuals with physical and mental disabilities.
If you need assistance in filling out the employment application or require an accommodation while seeking employment, please e-mail gbsglobalstaffing@hp.com. We will provide you assistance and make a determination on your request for reasonable accommodation on a case-by-case basis.
Sign up for updates
Join our Talent Communityto receive updates from HP.
Follow us
|
|
|
|
|
© 2013 Hewlett-Packard Development Company, L.P.
Welcome Back!
Password:
Password you entered is incorrect.
A new password has been sent to your email address.