Singapore Material Planner 6 Job
Search by Keyword
Share this Job
Please enable JavaScript to subscribe.
Email
Please wait...
Material Planner 6 Job
GE
Date: May 3, 2014
Location: Singapore, Singapore
Job Number: 1955335
Business: GE Oil & Gas
Business Segment: Oil & Gas
About Us: GE Oil & Gas is a world leader in advanced technologies and services with 37,000 employees in more than 100 countriessupporting customers across the industry—from extraction to transportation to end use. Making the environment, health andsafety, quality and integrity our highest priorities is The Way We Work. Our technologies and services include: surface andsubsea drilling and production, monitoring and diagnostics, measurement and controls, large-scale LNG, pipeline compressionand inspection, well site and industrial power generation, technologies for the refining and petrochemical industries, and modularCNG and LNG units for transportation sectors. Through our customized service solutions, training programs and technologies,GE Oil & Gas partners with customers to maximize their efficiency, productivity and equipment reliability; develop their nextgeneration workforce; and fully benefit from the megatrends of natural gas, the growth of subsea and hard-to-reach reserves andthe revolution in asset health management.
Posted Position Title: Material Planner 6
Career Level: Experienced
Function: Manufacturing
Function Segment: Materials
Location: Singapore
U.S. State, China or Canada Provinces:
City: Singapore
Postal Code: 629876
Relocation Assistance: No
Role Summary/Purpose: Responsible for the execution and completion of customer requirements from planning to production scheduling. It also includesexpediting and driving faster material movements through various departments to meet on-time delivery of customers' orders(Pressure Control) while maximizing inventory turns.
Essential Responsibilities: Follows processes that lead to execution of OTR Sales Orders to meet OTD and maximize inventory turns. Coordinate withSourcing to ensure materials arrives on-time and properly establishes appropriate inventory levels for the supply chain.- Actively communicate across business functions to effectively coordinate operations between Fulfillment, Production, Sourcing and Commercial Operation.- Create feasible left to right plans and monitor right to left plans, focusing on start dates of major milestones.- Collaborate with Sourcing on PO creation, priorities, delays, and damages/ rework so as to get the right material on-time.- Analyse inventory, managing slow-moving and obsolete stock, adjusting order quantities, review, recommend & drive materialsubstitution.- Expedite part shortages with shortage root cause investigation and resolution.- Provide make or buy decisions in OTR phase for the best OTD & cost- Work with master scheduling team on timely update of manufacturing due-dates and on build plan.- Responsible for managing specific product groups as assigned by Platform Planning Lead.- Possess system discipline from work orders' creation to closure.
Qualifications/Requirements: Diploma as a minimum in any engineering discipline (Mechanical preferred) with at least 2 years of planning experience in amanufacturing plant.
Additional Eligibility Qualifications:
Desired Characteristics: APICS Certification preferred.
GB Certification preferred.
Strong say/ do ratio.
Able to work under pressure and independently.
Ability to communicate effectively, internally and externally, at all levels
Able to identify and resolve critical paths in the manufacturing processes. Willing to make difficult and tough decisionsAPICS Certification preferred.
Job Segments: Engineer, Pipeline, Material Planner, Supply, Inspector, Engineering, Energy, Manufacturing, Operations, Quality
Find similar jobs:
,
,
,
,
We are an equal opportunity employer, offering a great work environment, challenging career opportunities, professional training and competitive compensation.