Emerson Career
Job Details
Language
Arabic
Chinese (simplified)
Czech
Danish
Dutch
English
Flemish
French
German
Greek
Hungarian
Italian
Japanese
Korean
Norwegian
Polish
Portuguese
Russian
Slovakian
Spanish
Swedish
Ukrainian
Romanian
Site Team Leader (SALES/201402/05/SG)
Job ID
EPM-00006888
Country
Singapore
State/Province
Singapore
City
Singapore
Publish Start Date
Feb 27 2014
Job Level
Supervisor / Manager
|
Responsibilities:
Report to Country General Manager. Responsible for the Strategic Site Plan for the assigned site(s). Lead the Business-to-Business alignment of the Customer Management Team and the Emerson Management Teams to drive the Key Strategic Initiatives or Programs of the Site Management Team.
Work closely with the Delivery and Consulting Partners in Triad formation to identify and solve customer’s business challenges with our Wireless and/or Perceptive Technologies.
Responsible and own the creation, and on-going evergreen status of the Strategic Site Account Plan with clear set goals and targets.
Lead the development of strong relationships across all strategic functions at the Site with high focus on Operations, Reliability and Maintenance as well as authorizers and influencers at the site.
To build strong advocates in the customer organization who can be called upon to obtain an understanding of strategic imperative and challenges impacting the site.
Identify and position Turn-A-Round opportunity in advance. Leverage the full portfolio of Emerson Process Management to enable the Customer to reduce unscheduled downtime, reduce maintenance cost, reduce working capital deployed in inventory and improve total plant reliability.
Requirements:
Degree/Diploma in Engineering with 7 years of sales leadership, Strategic Site or Account Management experience or related industry marketing experience in the industry of the assigned account.
Prove track records to develop and implement Strategic Plans and demonstrate proven business acumen and strong drive for results.
Strong interpersonal and communication skills, especially influencing skills.