PM Lee Should Give Govt Jobs to Unemployed Singaporeans to Buy PAP Votes | The Real Singapore
Main menu
PM LEE SHOULD GIVE GOVT JOBS TO UNEMPLOYED SINGAPOREANS TO BUY PAP VOTES
Post date: 3 May 2014 - 10:01pm
Recently, one of my civil service friend asked me, "Why do you hate PAP so much until you try to expose their dirty secrets on TRS? Why can't you spend more time looking for a govt job so that you focus more on your job?"
Many of my civil service friends usually vote for PAP because of  a) fear of PAP if they are found out through their ballot paper b) their rice bowl is almost certain so vote for PAP to preserve their status quo c) they hardly feel the effects of globalisation and stingy bosses unlike those of us in private sector.
To that civil service friend, I answered, "But do you know how tough it is to find a govt job nowadays?"
Last year, I went to a police officer interview. It consisted of 3 rounds and there were 30 of us who are being shortlisted for the first round. The first round involves some psychometric test, height measurement and weight. While waiting for my turn, I candidly spoke to the HR lady and she also candidly spoke back that they may not even hire anybody if they find all 30 of us to be not suitable.
I cracked a joke and said maybe they are looking for "Manhunt potential job applicants" and she smiled back.
In 2006, PM Lee said that he will need to 'spend all his time to fix opposition members and buy supporters votes' if Singaporeans decide to vote in more than 10 opposition MPs into Parliament.
So far, PAP has shamelessly tried to give foreigners citizenship in the hope that they will vote for PAP.  Most Singaporeans do acknowledge that. But then again, time and time again, foreigners have proven to be unreliable too. Remember how Sun Xu insulted Singaporeans as 'dogs' and how PAP was played out during the 1997-1998 Suzhou Industrial Park investment loss?
PM Lee should stop giving foreigners citizenships and start giving govt jobs to unemployed Singaporeans.
Many unemployed Singaporeans and taxi uncles I spoke to, said that with a govt job, it makes them harder to vote against PAP.
Maybe PM Lee should take this cue when he reads this article?
CJ
TRS Contributor
Tags:
Search form
Search
Search Our Site
Search
Copyright © 2014 TheRealSingapore.com.  All Rights Reserved