Gemini Personnel Limited - Recruitment Company for Hong Kong Jobs, China Jobs, Singapore jobs and Thailand Jobs with Specialized Industry Practice
|  Job Title Search
>
>
Jobs
Gemini maintains an active database of Job seekers and employers in Hong Kong.
Job seekers should register their details by submitting a resume or CV on line.
This section of the website lists some current positions which are vacant now. Contact the consultant directly using the email address shown on the job posting.
Job Search
Job Categories
Executive
Permanent
Temporary
China
incl.job description
Executive Positions
Ref. No
Job Title
Permanent Positions
Ref. No
Job Title
Temporary Positions
Ref. No
Job Title
China Positions
Ref. No
Job Title
Internal Vacancies
Gemini Personnel Limited was established in Hong Kong in 1983 and has grown to become Hong Kong's leading recruitment company with operations in Hong Kong, Guangzhou, Shanghai, Beijing, Bangkok and Singapore.
We currently have the following vacancies:
Digital Marketing Executive
Responsibilities:
Work with Gemini offices regionally to ensure that our branding and online presence is optimized and brand standards are maintained
Ensure Search Engine Optimization
Development of SMS and Email based marketing campaigns
Work with regional stakeholders to produce Gemini Newsletter
Manage all websites and social media channels, Ensure they are kept up to date, relevant, informative and engaging
Train staff and answer queries
Specific responsibility for managing our LinkedIn usage
Developing and documenting policies for e-commerce, etc
Liaison with IT team and development of G-Recruit, our in house system
Skills and Experience:
Experience using Photoshop, Illustrator, Dreamweaver, Flash, HTML5, CSS and JavaScript
Clear understanding of current e-marketing practices
Excellent interpersonal and communication skills
Excellent command of spoken and written English and Chinese
Degree / Higher Diploma / Diploma in Digital Marketing or related disciplines
Experience in Content Management & Customization, Site Analytics Tools (e.g. Google Analytics) and SEM & SEO
Strong self-motivation and sense of responsibility
Understanding of website development
If you would like to discuss this opportunity further please email your resume and covering letter to:
Branch Manager
(Posted: Feb 2014)
We are currently looking for a Branch Manager to run one of our recruitment divisions, with a team of consultants focused on the Hong Kong placement market. You should have relevant experience of leading a team and now be looking to take control as a manager with the requirements of overseeing
staff job orders, client engagement and staff training.
The incumbent will also require to do consulting and be a biller in their own right, and have the necessary connections within the market that allow them to bill and support their colleagues.
Desired Skills & Experience
Staff Management and Goal Setting
KPI development and adherence
Good grasp of financial targets for team performance
Training and Development Experience
Strong network of professional connections in Hong Kong
Supported Individual and Team billing history to show revenue capabilities
Only those candidates who can demonstrate past leadership roles of small to medium sized teams will be considered. Those with less experience may be considered for consulting roles in our permanent and executive search divisions.
Applicants can email in confidence to the General Manager, Ms Janet Ednani
directly.
Email:
Telephone: 3552 9100
Senior Recruitment and Executive Search Consultants
Fast-track your career into executive recruitment! Gemini has several openings for Search and Senior Recruitment positions as we expand our Hong Kong office and build our executive recruitment presence in this market.
The opportunity:
We need experienced search and senior recruitment professionals who can work on one of several industry verticals, including:
Manufacturing & Electronics
Apparel & Retail
Pharmaceutical & Healthcare
Supply Chain & Procurement
Legal
Who you are:
You must have a demonstrable track record of senior placements in Hong Kong and PRC, with a network of senior-level decision makers.
You will be a search consultant or senior recruiter who has decided that search and senior executive recruitment is the career for you. Maybe you are currently working more junior roles, but you have the self-confidence to accept the challenge of working for one of Asia’s leading recruitments firms as part of Gemini’s Executive team.
You will know why you want to step up to executive level recruitment, and why industry specialization makes sense. You will demonstrate you are a “people person”, with a senior executive network in Hong Kong and PRC and beyond, and you can match client needs with candidate aspirations and skills. You can accept responsibility for your results, show leadership on your own assignments, and also the potential to lead a team in future.
You will know that the rewards in recruitment are the product of hard work. You accept the challenges and goals of working to client deadlines and revenue targets, and will in return enjoy a generous base salary and a commission scheme which pays out monthly.
If interested please send your CV to , or call +852 3552 9100. We look forward to hearing from you!
Recruitment Consultant - Perm Division
Recruitment Consultant - Temp Division
2 - 3 years previous recruitment experience is essential within a specialized area such as FMCG/Manufacturing/Financial Services/Electronics/Communications/IT. This position requires that you work independently within a team environment, have lots of initiative, possess good communication and interpersonal skills - capable of independent BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT within an assigned industry sector.
Positions listed offer excellent remuneration, commission packages and career progression. The management of the company will provide flexible packages to the right candidates and is committed to reward top performers. Interested parties, please send your profile to
All applications will be treated in the strictest confidence.
Follow Us:
Font:
A
A
A
|
Print Friendly
Job Seekers
© Gemini Personnel Limited 1995 - 2014 |
|
|