Smart Ways to Find Jobs Using LinkedIn | Dougles Chan - The Recruitment Guru #1 Professional Adviser and Mentor on Recruitment
Search for:
Main menu
, ,
Smart Ways to Find Jobs Using LinkedIn
by  •
A  article by Dougles Chan – The
Today jobs are limited and we have to face cut-throat competition to find reasonable jobs. Thanks to social networking website that has made this thing easy and now people can find out their jobs without any difficulty, i.e. LinkedIn. As we know, many fortune 100 companies are using LinkedIn to recruit employees. You can create resumes and connect with professionals around the globe. You should follow a few steps to increase chances of getting a job through LinkedIn.
Unique Profile:
You need to build a profile efficiently and keep it updated with the passage of time. The potential employer always looks and screen out various profiles of professionals. So try to make sure that your profiles look good and comprehensible. LinkedIn allows members to update their profile, create a resume, and connect with their class fellows and colleagues. It provides opportunities to expand the network. You can be a part of various groups over LinkedIn and actively participate in their discussion section. Look forward to know the requirements of an employer and make necessary adjustments accordingly. Add accurate information, experience and achievement and planned contact information. For instance, if you are looking for a job of sales manager, then add your experience of marketing and sales in your profile so that it can be searched easily.
Build Network:
Establish a good network of connections of the familiar people. It may include friends as well as professional managers, where you worked earlier. Additionally, you can search the connections of your friends and colleagues like their company and colleagues. You can send request them as well. This will surely be a valuable add up in your network. Spend some time every day to check any latest update.
Search Employer:
LinkedIn has provided a number of valuable services to its members. One of them is job section. The members of the LinkedIn can search latest jobs posted by the employer through job section. Look for the updates daily because numerous numbers of jobs are posted daily. Read the description of the job whether you qualify for the job or not. If you are meeting the required criteria, then apply for the job without any delay.
Recommendations from Others:
This is really useful in order to get jobs. You can request friends that make recommendation regarding a specific job. Moreover, you can also ask the professional network and connections to suggest you as a good candidate for the job. It adds up to the profile as a positive feedback that increases the worth of profile. Employers always seek proper recommendation on the profile. It is a good tool for maintaining a good image and stand out from the crowd.
Be a good Competitor:
As we have discussed that the competition for the jobs is increasing day by day. You have to develop unique skills and qualities to differentiate yourself from others. Try to compete with your peers and think what is the current demand of the industry? Keep updated and anticipate the future need of the time. You can keep yourself rationalized with the help of different tools especially LinkedIn news.
An article by The  – Dougles Chan. Author of  & . Creator of C-Marketing, V-Marketing, T-Marketing, , and the exclusive training program Recruitment Apprentice.
Incoming search terms: (1) (1) (1)Like it? Share it!
Tags:
Post navigation
Leave a Reply
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Name *
Email *
Website
Comment
Hotline (65) 93880851
Limited Edition
Latest Recruitment Book Over 12,000 downloaded Worldwide. Get the Sneak Preview Now!
Name:
Email:
Search for:
Copyright © 2014
. All Rights Reserved.