Senior Recruitment Consultant- Telecoms/Digital with McCall Limited | 341351
Official jobs board for
|
or
Senior Recruitment Consultant- Telecoms/Digital
Recruiter
McCall Limited
Posted
03 May 2014
Closes
31 May 2014
Location
Singapore
Sector
,
Job Function
Contract Type
Hours
Salary
Competitive
(this will open in a new window)
Further information
Senior Recruitment Consultant- Telecoms/Digital Singapore Salary: Negotiable
McCall's client is an established brand within the Singapore recruitment arena and has continuously grown to become one of the most respected companies in their specialized field. Their enviable client connections and reputation for delivery makes this a very strong opportunity for an experienced recruiter to join a market leader who will continue to develop and provide genuine career progression.
Due to the companies strong 2013 and continued ongoing growth the company is looking to appoint an experienced recruitment consultant to join their already established IT Telco team. This role will see the successful candidate work on strong client connections across Asia including an envious PSA list whilst looking to bring on new clients where the opportunities occur.
To be considered for this exciting opportunity you will have a proven Recruitment track record along with a can do attitude and have experience recruiting within the IT RECRUITMENT Market in Singapore. The ability to work as part of a successful team is essential along with a strong head for individual growth.
The successful candidate will enjoy a generous basic salary, healthcare and an excellent bonus structure.
To apply please forward an up to date resume in the 1st instance to or give us a call on for a confidential chat.
Reg: R EA: 12C5104
(this will open in a new window)
Share this job
Options
More jobs like this
© 2011 - 2014 Redactive Publishing Ltd.. Powered by Madgex .
Other jobsites from Redactive:
We're using cookies on this site. Cookies store information that is necessary for this site to work well.
What are cookies?
Cookies are small text files that are placed on your internet enabled device by most websites that you visit. They are widely used and allow website owners to track your activity on their site in order to improve your experience whilst using that website.
How do we use cookies on this site?
Please read our
for more information on the cookies we use on this site.