Jobs
Detail
6919 « InternSG – Singapore Internship Programs
Company
Practo Pte Ltd
Designation
Content Associate
Date Listed
02 May 2014
Job Type
Internship / Contract   ( Entry Level / Junior Executive )
Job Period
Immediate Start, For At Least 3 Months
Location
The Co, 75, High Street
Allowance / Remuneration
$600 - $850 monthly
Profession
Computing / IT / Software and Health / Medical / Fitness / Sports
Industry
Healthcare and Information Technology
Company Profile:We’re a young company that is dedicated to making healthcare simpler for everyone. We bring doctors and patients together on the same platform so that patients know where to go when they need to find the best doctor, and doctors can manage their patients better.Our goal is simple- when you want to find a good, credible doctor, we want you to come to us. This is a free service, because it's something we believe in, something we’re committed to do. For you to find not just a doctor, but the doctor suited to your needs, from the comfort of your own home, or even your mobile phone. Make an informed decision by going through the doctor’s details, consultation fees, timings and clinic photos. Simply put - don’t just choose any doctor, choose the best one for you.Let’s face it- you doctors make us feel more secure in today’s strife filled world. But that’s what makes it all the more important to make sure that you don’t have to spend your time focussing on all the other aspects of your clinic that keep you from healing everyone that comes to you for treatment. We also do our bit in bringing you those patients through our free listing service that takes you to their screens, no matter where they are. So we take care of all that while you can focus on taking care of those who matter the most- your patients.
Job Description:You would be one of our key team members to source content across Singapore and the healthcare domain.- Interacting with medical,dental and private clinics over phone & email- Verifying data of medical centres- Entering data to our customer CRM- Ensuring key targets are met on a daily basis
Please apply for this position by submitting your text CV using InternSG.
Kindly note that only shortlisted candidates will be notified.
Our interviews also take place over weekends to ensure we move faster on our recruitment expectations.
Copyright © 2014
- All Rights Reserved -