Jobs
Detail
6915 « InternSG – Singapore Internship Programs
Company
nbi Human Capital and Sheffied Haworth
Designation
Associate Researcher or Intern
Date Listed
02 May 2014
Job Type
Internship / Contract   ( Entry Level / Junior Executive )
Job Period
Flexible Start, For At Least 3 Months
Location
6 Raffles Quay, 20-03, Singapore, 048580
Allowance / Remuneration
$500 - $2,500 monthly
Profession
HR / Professional Service
Industry
Human Resources
Company Profile:At nbi and Sheffield Haworth people and relationships.are central to everything we do.So we’re about more than providing our suite of HR services. We’re about staying true to our values of humour, humanity, honesty and humility. Our values define us.They ensure we measure our success, not just in business terms, but in the difference we make to peoples’ lives. It’s an approach where everyone wins.Clients receive services that attract, retain and develop exceptional talent worldwide. Candidates enjoy support that sees them thrive in their new roles.Our combined services include:Executive SearchLeadership & AssessmentChange, Performance and DevelopmentResearch & AdvisoryInterim ManagementOur combined industry focus is:Financial ServicesProfessional ServicesCorporatesTogether, everyone benefits from lasting relationships that help people succeed. Our clients share our values. And so do our people as both lead to an enjoyable and productive working relationship.See more at:  and
Job Description:We seek to differentiate ourselves through the application of their values internally and externally. Additionally, we seek to be innovative in the way in which we approach our client assignments.Research is recognised as being a core platform for the business. As a Researcher you will be responsible for managing the strategies that identify, attract and engage relevant talent. Working alongside a Consultant you will interface with the client on a regular basis. Progression opportunities for post internships will either be through the Research function or into delivery.Deliverables: criteria/results by which success can be measured:1.    To gain a thorough understanding of each assignment requirement absorbing all the important characteristics of role and experience requirements.2.    To conduct detailed and imaginative initial research, combining tenacious investigation with instinctive exploration.3.    To prepare concise and well structured target reports to a high level of detail accuracy.4.    Where appropriate to make first contact with potential candidates and sources, engaging with confidence and complete discretion. Strike an appropriate balance between selling and assessing and demonstrate the maturity to form an initial appraisal of suitability.5.    To prepare efficient contact report summaries ensuring accurate tracking and cross referencing.6.    To undertake follow up contact in a timely and direct manner, constantly employing practices which contribute to excellence in candidate care and the enhancement of the nbi brand.7.    On an ongoing basis, to maintain a high level of background research activity through press and internet screening, industry journals and capturing market and people intelligence.8.    To maintain and develop comprehensive database systems to support all aspects of the job.
Please apply for this position by submitting your text CV using InternSG.
Kindly note that only shortlisted candidates will be notified.
Copyright © 2014
- All Rights Reserved -