JobsCentral Singapore Jobs - Multiple Temp Packer Needed ! by JobStudio Pte Ltd
Closing Date: 9th May 201418/04/2014
JobStudio Pte Ltd
JOBSTUDIO is a dynamic professional staffing and search service provider in Singapore. We operate across the private and public sectors, dealing with permanent and contract roles across a wide range of specialized industries and professions. We are dedicated to help both employers and employees to navigate in the ever-changing world of work cultures and demands.   Our team is focused to bring innovative and strategic solutions to both clients and candidates and we achieve this by maintaining the highest levels of confidentiality, trust and integrity within the core industries.   Visit us online via  for a free LIVE consultation & registration with our friendly Representatives TODAY! (License No.: 10C4754)
Multiple Temp Packer Needed !
MULTIPLE TEMP PACKER NEEDED !
Job duties: - Packing, sorting of medical records - Stock taking and replenish stocks when needed - Housekeeping duties to ensure that all files are accounted  - other adhoc duties
Job requirement: - Min GCE N Level - Comfortable to work in healthcare sector - Training will be provided
Interested candidates, kindly send us a copy of your resume with a recent photograph and indicate your current & expected salaries to
(include REF CODE: YM)
**We regret that only shortlisted candidates will be notified**
JOBSTUDIO Pte Ltd License No.: 10C4754 Posting Personnel: Han Yi Ting Registration No.: R1215372
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
Sending..
This job was successfully e-mailed.
An unknown error has occurred. Please try again later.
E-mail this job to a friend... Or yourself!
Error. Please check that the e-mails are valid.
From (your e-mail)
To (recipient's e-mail)
Your name
Notes
Login to save this job to your account.
Login is currently unavailable while we perform necessary maintenance. We apologize for any inconvenience. Please try again later.
Saving...
You've Successfully Saved:
Sign in Successful!
Notes:
Your note has been saved successfully.
Close >>
Error!
Sign In
Your registration is out of date, you need to update your challenge questions to continue.
Verify your identity to proceed.
Email Address or Password is Invalid
Email Address:
Password:
Automatically sign me in next time.
Login
Sorry!
Close
Authorizing...
Thanks for your patience - we'll be done shortly.