Career Opportunities: Private Banker (Singapore based) (38662)
JavaScript is turned off in your web browser. Turn it on to take full advantage of this site, then refresh the page.
Loading...
Sign In
Career Opportunities: Private Banker (Singapore based) (38662)
Requisition ID 38662 - Posted 10/07/2013 - Sales - Professional/Consultant - Full Time - Office - Wealth Management - Asia-Pacific - Singapore - Singapore
Apply
Save Job
Email Job to Friend
Return to List
City: Singapore
Address: 8 Marina View
Work Hours/Week: 40
Work Environment: Office
Employment Type: Permanent
Pay Type: Salaried
Exempt/Non-Exempt: N/A
% Travel Required: 0-25
People Manager: No
Job Posting End Date: 08/09/2013
The Royal Bank of Canada (RBC) is the largest financial institution in Canada, as measured by deposits, revenues and market capitalisation. The bank serves 18 million clients, has 80,100 employees worldwide, and operates in 51 countries.
RBC Wealth Management is a leading global specialist in meeting sophisticated financial needs, offering expertise in private banking, investment management, and advanced trust and estate planning to affluent, high-net-worth and ultra-high-net-worth clients around the world.. As one of the world’s top 10 wealth managers, we serve the needs of high net worth, affluent and institutional clients worldwide. In 2013, we were recognised by Euromoney as having the Best private bank services for Canada and the Caribbean.
RBC Wealth Management Asia is looking to increase its presence by adding to its organization private bankers to cover the Southeast Asia region. This opportunity should fit individuals who have earned a reputation for first class, client-focused service delivered from Singapore and have a well-established and loyal client base in Southeast Asia.
Successful candidates will focus on the HNW and UHNW sectors for the majority of their books, and be able to demonstrate real business acumen and ability to win over clients through collaboration with the product development unit. The candidates should be in a position to show their ability to design and manage broad wealth planning and tailor-made solutions in meeting their clients’ requirements.
Our ideal candidates should have the following requisites:
University education with ideally a recognized financial qualification
Strong knowledge of the wealth management industry with at least 5 years of experience in advising High Net Worth Clients
Excellent communication and proven client management skills
Strong client acquisition, retention and business development skills
Fluency in English and relevant local language skills subject to the respective country teams
*LI-AS1
Diversity:
Diversity in the workplace, one of our shared values, lies at the heart of our rewarding, open, supportive and inclusive work environment. We respect and respond to the many competing and evolving priorities in our lives so you can focus on what you can do best – put clients first.
EOE/M/F/D/V
About RBC:
Interested in finding out more? Click .
Apply
Save Job
Email Job to Friend
Return to List
Email this job to a friend
The job has been sent to
Please provide the information below
Job title:
*Your email address:
*Your friend's email address:
Message:
Verification code:
*Please enter the verification code here:
Send
Cancel