Career Opportunities: Assistant Relationship Manager (Singapore based) (38801)
JavaScript is turned off in your web browser. Turn it on to take full advantage of this site, then refresh the page.
Loading...
Sign In
Career Opportunities: Assistant Relationship Manager (Singapore based) (38801)
Requisition ID 38801 - Posted 10/07/2013 - Sales - Professional/Consultant - Full Time - Office - Wealth Management - Asia-Pacific - Singapore - Singapore
Apply
Save Job
Email Job to Friend
Return to List
City: Singapore
Address: 8 Marina View
Work Hours/Week: 40
Work Environment: Office
Employment Type: Permanent
Pay Type: Salaried
Exempt/Non-Exempt: N/A
% Travel Required: 0-25
People Manager: No
Job Posting End Date: 07/26/2013
SUMMARY
To provide full marketing and administrative support to Relationship Manager (RM)
DUTIES & RESPONSIBILITY
Liaison with internal departments regarding execution and settlement of trades, delivery of securities, corporate action, payments and receipt of funds, renewal and repayment of loans.
Liaison with external counterparts and clients/prospects regarding account opening and client servicing matters.
Check daily transaction list to ensure trades are processed correctly, prepare and send trade confirmations to clients.
Input of client transaction orders into the system.
Preparation of RM’s business trip and client meetings.
Assist in other ad-hoc projects and client related matters.
Deputizing other ARMs on ad-hoc basis.
Works collaboratively and endeavours to build good working relationships with other key stakeholders.
Continuously upgrade of relevant skills and completion of CACS requirements on CPD hours.
Administrative support and other duties as assigned by higher management.
EDUCATION & EXPERIENCE REQUIRED
Degree Holder
At least 5 years of ARM experience in a Private Bank
Good spoken and written English is a must.
Preferably with an additional good spoken Asian languageGood inter-personal and communication skills
Basic Bloomberg & Reuters
COMPETENCIES REQUIRED
Team Player
Excellent administrative and execution track records
Ability to provide organization and client focus solutions
Diversity:
Diversity in the workplace, one of our shared values, lies at the heart of our rewarding, open, supportive and inclusive work environment. We respect and respond to the many competing and evolving priorities in our lives so you can focus on what you can do best – put clients first.
EOE/M/F/D/V
About RBC:
Interested in finding out more? Click .
Apply
Save Job
Email Job to Friend
Return to List
Email this job to a friend
The job has been sent to
Please provide the information below
Job title:
*Your email address:
*Your friend's email address:
Message:
Verification code:
*Please enter the verification code here:
Send
Cancel