Emerson Career
Job Details
Language
Arabic
Chinese (simplified)
Czech
Danish
Dutch
English
Flemish
French
German
Greek
Hungarian
Italian
Japanese
Korean
Norwegian
Polish
Portuguese
Russian
Slovakian
Spanish
Swedish
Ukrainian
Romanian
Senior/Proposal Manager (PSS/201402/02/SG)
Job ID
EPM-00006679
Country
Singapore
State/Province
Singapore
City
Singapore
Publish Start Date
Feb 13 2014
Job Level
Supervisor / Manager
|
Responsibilities:
Provide leadership on proposal strategies for large and/or strategic project to the in-country Proposal Team and work closely with them to generate timely, quality and competitive proposals.
Provide technical/application solutions for a cost-effective proposal and pre-sales support to in-country sales in technical solution, application knowledge and associated buyout products knowledge.
Ensure proposal generation processes are aligned to the Project Management Office (PMO) Proposal Process; provide training to the countries on generating quality proposals.
Develop/improve quotation proposal template for Asia Pacific to ensure consistency in proposal standard and quality.
Ensure engineering hours estimation are based on Enterprise Estimation Tools (EET) to improve efficiency and accuracy in generating quotations.
Work with Cross Business Unit staff to generate Main Instruments Vendor (MIV) / Main Automation Contractor (MAC) packaged proposals.
Prepare cost and profit analysis of the proposals with the project and divisional leaders during negotiation and project handover.
Work with sales team to generate quality proposals on a timely basis; be part of the Sales Team to provide both technical and commercial support and be one of the key persons in final contract negotiation with the client.
Develop proposal requisition procedures and ensure all parties adhere/comply to the procedures.
Develop and manage a pool of proposal resources who will work closely with the Sales team.
Requirements:
Degree in Engineering (Electrical, Electronics, Chemical) and 8 to 10 years’ experience in the process control industry and strategic proposals.
Strong system product/solutions/applications knowledge and associated buyout product.
Excellent interpersonal and communication skills.
Good commercial knowledge.
Strong leadership, organization, prioritization and planning skills; with experience in applying a coaching approach to management.