MBA Job, Johnson & Johnson, REGIONAL CATEGORY DIRECTOR (Professional Services) Job
Your system may not comply with the requirements to view certain sections of MBA-Exchange.com.
Please see our .
MY ACCOUNT
|
|
Please enter your email address:
Email:
Login/Register with your network:
Company Details
Company Name:
Johnson & Johnson
Industry Classification:
Healthcare
About the company:
Job Description
Job Title:
REGIONAL CATEGORY DIRECTOR (Professional Services) Job
Created / Renewed on:
April 23, 2014 at at Johnson & Johnson website
Type of Position:
Full Time Job
Function:
Top Management
Locations:
Singapore
Job Description:
(primary responsibilities,
reporting structure,
career path...)
REGIONAL CATEGORY DIRECTOR (Professional Services)-4434140214
DESCRIPTION
REGIONAL CATEGORY DIRECTOR (PROFESSIONAL SERVICES)
Indirect Corporate Procurement
Johnson & Johnson is the world's most comprehensive and broadly based
healthcare Company, touching the lives of nearly a billion people
every day. Our Family of Companies throughout the world compete in
consumer, pharmaceutical and medical devices & diagnostics markets and
have the skills and resources to tackle the world's most pressing
health issues.
DESCRIPTION
The Category Director ? Professional Services (PS) will provide
process and procurement expertise to key stakeholders across the
Consumer, Medical and Pharma groups in Asia Pacific, supporting the
achievement of company goals and objectives.
He/she will have exposure to a wide range of business activities and
business partners across J assimilates complex information
- Strong sense of urgency and adaptable to a changing environment
Integrity:
- Demonstrates integrity, inspires trust and avoids conflicts of
interest.
Teamwork & Leadership :
- The ability to work and be successful in a matrix organization and
manage cross-functional and regional/global teams collaboratively is
required.
- Interacts and collaborates well with the team. Respectful and
adaptable, yet with a strong point of view and commitment to results.
Strong in Initiative/Follow through.
Analytical & Decision Making:
- Strong analytical/problem solving skills are a must.
- Able to quickly size up information, use logic to evaluate and draw
sound conclusions and decisions. Must have a right level of
assertiveness and able to know where to pursue information
Communication & Languages:
- Excellent verbal and written communication skills are required.
- Fluent in written and spoken English is required, other APAC
languages are an asset.
- Must be able to communicate clearly and concisely both verbally and
in writing with all levels in the organization.
Information Technology:
Conceptual understanding of SAP and Ariba Buyer/ARIBA Category
Management
LOCATION
This position is preferred to be based in Singapore.
APPLICATION DEADLINE
5th May 2014
PRIMARY LOCATION:Asia Pacific-Singapore-Singapore-Singapore
ORGANIZATION: Johnson & Johnson Pte. Ltd. (8435)
JOB FUNCTION: Procurement
JOB SEGMENT: Medical, Manager, Pharmaceutical, Consulting, ERP,
Healthcare, Management, Science, Technology
Contact
Name:
Recruiter at Johnson & Johnson
Follow us on:
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
- Copyright © 2014. All Rights Reserved