Personal Financial Planning in Singapore | Importance of Financial Planning | Financial Planning Articles
Media
Infographics
Don't Jet Off without Travel Insurance
Bags packed, tickets booked, travelers cheques ready, camera, everything is set. What else are you forgetting? Did you buy travelers insurance? Travelers insurance is the most neglected of the elements. Most travelers would consider a traveler insurance to be an unnecessary burden. think about it, you paid big money for your vacation, how would you feel if you could not enjoy it because you fell ill or you missed a flight or lost your baggage or what if you have to face a trip cancellation altogether because the agent had a problem?
Book Review: "THE ORIGIN OF FINANCIAL CRISES" by George Cooper With a series of well-thought and simple fundamental arguments, George Cooper debunks the core principles of modern investment theories, and challenges the credit expansionary approaches taken by Central Banks like the US FED as the fuel for future damaging bust and boom cycles and more asset bubbles.
Business Finance The tax deduction scheme for Angel Investors is a tax incentive scheme to encourage more investments from Angel investors. The scheme is effective for all the investments made from March 1st 2010 to March 31st 2015. Angel investors now get a 50% tax deduction on the total amount of investment after two years of making the investment.
Path to Financial Freedom - 2.5hr Complimentary Workshop!
About The Speaker, Dennis Ng, an Enlightened Millionaire Dennis set out to be a Millionaire and achieved it, by learning from multi-millionaires such as T. Harv Eker (Author of the Secrets of the MillionaireMind). Learn how Dennis made his first million from an average income of $6,000 a month, by investing in shares and property.
Financial Planning
Book Reviews
Business Finance
Events
Personal Financial Planning in Singapore | Importance of Financial Planning | Financial Planning Articles
Redefining Affordability of Homes
Thursday, 14 July 2011 00:00
Last Updated on Friday, 09 September 2011 08:42
Written by Andy Wang
The most contentious issue in the recent General Election was the affordability of housing. Opposition politicians argued that the government had allowed property price to rise beyond the affordability of the masses. And the ruling People's Action Party re-butted with figures from the housing board proving otherwise, especially for first-time buyers.
The proof is centered around the proportion of monthly income going to repay the mortgage called the Debt-to-service-ratio (DSR) . For first-time buyers in the non-mature estates ,the DSR average is 23% which is well below the nationally recognized threshold of 30% for affordability. But this might not be entirely the whole picture as there are the sandwiched middle class whom are caught in between.
HDB resale flat prices had risen nearly 65% in the last 3 years, while  the average household income remained stagnant. Younger familes with a combined income of $10,000 are having a hard time because they cannot really afford a private property and they don’t qualify for a new HDB flat. But looking at the resale market can be quite a big challenge as the cash over valuation (COV) Outlay is too much for them to afford too.
Tags:
Bigger Debt Loads for 3 Nations: EU
Saturday, 14 May 2011 00:00
Last Updated on Wednesday, 29 June 2011 05:00
Written by Darren Lee
The EU warned that the debt load of Greece Portugal & Ireland are likely to be bigger than forecasted, adding fear that the bailout by the EU are failing to solve the region crisis. All 3 countries have debt levels above 100% of GDP.
Greece’s debt level will reach 157.7% this year and 166.1% in 2012, which is higher than forecast in last autumn at 150.2% & 156% respectively. Euro zone governments are like to open discussions on a second bailout for Greece after it was granted $110 billion Euros.
Tags:
CPF Minimum sum to be raised to $131,000
Tuesday, 31 May 2011 00:00
Written by Zanice Yeo
The CPF minimum sum will be raised to $131,000, up from $123,000. This will apply to members who turn 55 from 1 July 2011 to 30 June 2012.
Those who have $131,000 can apply to withdraw the monthly payout of $1,170 when they reach the draw-down age of 65.
From 1 July 2011 as well, the Medisave minimum sum will be raised to $36,000 from $34,500 to ensure Singaporeans can meet healthcare expenses
This increase, which includes an adjustment for inflation, seeks to ensure Singaporeans set aside sufficient funds for their retirement and medical expenses.
Tags:
More millionaires in S'pore
Thursday, 02 June 2011 00:00
Written by Sze Hau Yeo
15.5% of Singapore households hold more that US$1 million (S$1.23 millions) of investible assets, excluding owner-occupied property and items like arts. Last year the proportion was 11.4%.
The wealth of Singaporeans surged due to stronger Singapore dollar, sharp economic rebounds and soaring asset prices including property. Openness to foreign talent and wealth ‘new’ Singaporeans also expanded the number of millionaires in Singapore.
During the credit crisis, as much as 70% of the household assets were sitting in cash. Not only did these households emerge relatively unscathed from the crisis, they were also so well placed to capitalize on the opportunities in both the stock and property markets when real interest rates plunged into deeply negative territory.
Tags:
Philanthropy now part of wealth management
Friday, 08 April 2011 00:00
Last Updated on Thursday, 14 April 2011 11:07
Written by Brendan Yong
More of the  wealthy in Asia are incorporating philanthropy into their wealth management plans.
As a result, there are more professional and institutionalized foundations sprouting to meet the needs. One such organization is SymAsia, an initiative launched by Credit Suisse seeks to help the bank's wealthy clients channel their money in an efficient and sustained manner to a range of
charitable causes, while Credit Suisse will absorb the administrative costs of the venture.
Tags:
BeMoneySavvyToday.com Place for Financial Planning in Singapore
A lot has been talked about money management and financial planning but hardly people realize the importance of financial planning. In these unpredictable economic times, it is very important to manage ones’ finances. If you are a resident of Singapore and find difficult to keep yourself updated on current finance trends, investment plans, latest book reviews; this is the place.
With bemoneysavvytoday.com you can keep yourself updated about the latest happenings in the finance world and can get to know more about personal financial planning in Singapore. You can read a number of financial planning articles, book reviews, articles on events in Singapore and much more. Here, you can easily find tips on how to save money, read reviews on famous finance books etc.  The category of books includes insurance, personal equity, investment, economy and personal finance.  Moreover, apart from financial planning articles, you can read articles relating to policies and rules pertaining to your own country. Get to know more about life, healthcare and automobile insurance plans and policies – only at bemoneysavvytoday.com
We update our readers on a daily basis by posting relevant articles from our expert authors. Some of the authors who share their opinion here are Brendan Young, Darren Lee, Sze Hau Yeo, Zanice Yeo etc. Not only can you read and get to know more about personal financial planning in Singapore but also can download money management software. We provide our readers with a useful tracker or tool every month and guess what, you can download it for free. For this month, you can download ‘Budget Tracker’ for free, just fill in your name and email on the left panel and download this tracker for free. Stay tuned to read more about financial planning.
(Do not forget to bookmark this site!)
Connect With Us
Free Download of Budget Tracker
First Name:
Last Name:
Email:
Browse By Categories
Book Reviews
Business Finance
Events
Financial Planning
Browse By Authors
Most Popular Tags