Head of Design Studio - Mandarin Speaking with Adrem Group | 406486
Tuesday, 06 May 2014
Search the site
Head of Design Studio - Mandarin Speaking
Recruiter
Adrem Group
Posted
02 May 2014
Closes
16 May 2014
Ref
DW/SH046035
Location
Singapore
Contract Types
Hours
Design Disciplines
,
Job Functions
, ,
Salary
Negotiable
Further information
HEAD OF DESIGN STUDIO JOB, SINGAPORE
Head of Design Studio - Mandarin Speaking / Architecture / Workplace / Singapore / Permanent / Salary Negotiable
Skills & Experience required: AutoCAD, Sketch-Up, Photoshop, Senior Designer, Workplace, Commercial, Presentation, Mixed-use.
THE COMPANY
A Singapore based multidisciplinary architectural and interior design practice in the Asia-Pacific region, with projects all over the world, require a Head of Design Studio for their very busy
creative studio. Their services include master planning, sustainable design, architecture and interior
design across a range of sectors including workplace, commercial, hospitality, retail, residential and
mixed-use projects.
HEAD OF DESIGN STUDIO ROLE
The Head of Design Studio position involves you overseeing and managing staff and projects created by the dedicated design teams. You will be required to drive the creative process and present to international clients, ensure deadlines and design objectives are met whilst winning new business through successful pitching. You will be responsible for communicating the core values of the practice and be responsible for ensuring the high standards are upheld throughout the delivery process.
ABOUT YOU
As Head of Design Studio in Singapore you will have an impressive portfolio of completed workplace, commercial and mixed-use projects, preferably within Asia. Expert communication skills and the ability to connect with the design team across several levels is essential. You will also have the ability and experience to confidently present to clients. Proficient in software skills of AutoCAD, Photoshop and Sketch-Up.
If you would like to know more this Head of Design Studio position, please send work examples with a CV to asia@adremgroup.com or contact Simon Hamilton on +44 (0)20 7562 8282 for more information.
Adrem are specialists in Head of Design Studio positions in Singapore.
Adrem Group
Adrem’s Architecture recruitment team is made up of former architects, designers and professional architecture careers advisers who specialise in Architecture Jobs.
Share this job
Options
More jobs like this
© 2011 - 2014 Centaur Media plc. Powered by Madgex .