Graphic Designer – WTA Championships Singapore - World Sport Group, SG | Job Postings from Coroflot.com
h
Graphic Designer – WTA Championships Singapore
Location: Singapore
Posted: Mar 27
Job Description
World Sport Grouop has an immediate opening for a full-time Graphic Designer to join the WTA Championships Singapore team. You will work closely with the Creative & Design Manager to create collateral and marketing materials for the Championships. You will help establish the conceptual and stylistic execution for projects and campaigns, working in conjunction with the WTA Championships marketing team and sales team on all design solutions, including but not limited to, branding, print collateral, online campaigns, infographics, illustration (bonus skill) and sales presentations and proposals. Candidate must be a highly motivated, self-starter with high-interest in sports, especially tennis. You will also assist and support the Creative & Design Manager with any other graphic-related requirements when needed. Requirements:• Bachelor’s degree in graphic design/visual communication• 3-5 years professional experience• Strong organizational skills• Ability to multi-task and manage multiple projects at once• Outstanding print and web portfolio• Strong knowledge of Adobe Creative Suites• HTML and CSS experience is essential• Powerpoint skills is a bonus
How To Apply
World Sport Group (WSG) is Asia's largest sports marketing, media and event management company, managing almost 600 sport event days and producing over 5,000 hours of sports programming annually – across more than 30 countries in the region.
Sports Commercial Rights – We offer brands and companies an integrated marketing and...
More Jobs Like This
582 of 1247 Jobs in your search
582 of 1247 Jobs in your search
Like this Job?
Get similar job postings sent directly to your inbox.
Remind me later
Jobs matching:
To the following email address:
A Powerful Job Network
We are proud to partner with these industry leading .
Follow Coroflot
Connect with us to get new jobs and projects daily.
© 2014 Core77, Inc. All Rights Reserved
Creative Jobs in Every Field