Lead Workplace Designer with Adrem Group | 406485
Tuesday, 06 May 2014
Search the site
Lead Workplace Designer
Recruiter
Adrem Group
Posted
02 May 2014
Closes
16 May 2014
Ref
DW/SH046418
Location
Singapore
Contract Types
Hours
Design Disciplines
Job Functions
Salary
Negotiable
Further information
Design / Architecture / Workplace / Singapore / Permanent / Salary Negotiable
Skills & Experience required: AutoCAD, Sketch-Up, Photoshop, Fluent Mandarin, Senior Designer, Hospitality, Presentation.
THE COMPANY
A Singapore based multidisciplinary architectural and interior design practice in the Asia-Pacific region, with global projects, require a Lead Designer. Their services include master planning, sustainable design, architecture and interior design across a range of sectors including workplace, commercial, hospitality, retail, residential and mixed-use projects.
LEAD WORKPLACE DESIGNER ROLE
We're looking for someone with talent and maturity to be the Lead Workplace Designer as this position involves being responsbile for 3 interiors studios based in Singapore projects. With proven experience of creating innovative and inspiring designs from concept to completion, your portfolio will include several examples of high quality workplace interiors.
ABOUT YOU
As Lead Workplace Designer in Singapore you will have an impressive portfolio of completed international workplace projects including Asian locations. Your skills will be clearly demonstrated and you will be familiar with working on multiple projects simultaneously and be able to confidently present to clients. Fluent Mandarin is essential. Proficient in software skills of AutoCAD, Photoshop and Sketch-Up.
If you would like to know more about this Lead Workplace Designer position, please send exceptional work examples as a PDF with your current CV to asia@adremgroup.com or contact Simon Hamilton on +44 (0)20 7562 8282 for more information.
Adrem are specialists in Lead positions in Singapore.
Adrem Group
Adrem’s Architecture recruitment team is made up of former architects, designers and professional architecture careers advisers who specialise in Architecture Jobs.
Share this job
Options
More jobs like this
© 2011 - 2014 Centaur Media plc. Powered by Madgex .