Jobs - EURAXESS - European Commission
Language:
English (en)
>
>
Job details
Job posted by Agency of Science, Technology and Research (A*STAR) (28/04/2014 12.55)
Scientist (Offshore Hydrodynamics Modeling)
Marie Curie Actions.
'HR Excellence in Research' logo awarded to institutions actively implementing the European Charter and Code for Researchers.
European Research Council.
Add to My Favorites
As a proud member of Singapore's Agency for Science, Technology and Research (A*STAR), the Institute of High Performance Computing (IHPC) was established in 1998 to provide leadership in high performance computing as a strategic resource for scientific inquiry and industry development. Our mission is to advance science and technology, and develop leading edge applications through high performance computing and computational science.
Description
Marine offshore is one of the important areas of research at the Fluid Dynamics department in IHPC. It also
represents a key industry sector in Singapore, including marine and port study, shipping, oil and gas equipment design (jack-ups, FPSOs, risers), deep sea drilling, classification societies (ABS, Lloyd Register, DNV) and renewable energy (wave, tidal, and wind). We are looking for research scientists who are working on offshore engineering modeling and simulation, including wave impact on offshore platforms, riser dynamics, shear current and wave coupling as well as fluid and structure interaction to join us.
Nr of positions available : 1
Research Fields
Engineering
- Civil engineering
Career Stage
Early stage researcher or 0-4 yrs (Post graduate)
Research Profile
First Stage Researcher (R1)
Requirements
Required Education Level
Degree
PhD or equivalent
Degree Field
Engineering
Required Languages
Language
ENGLISH
Language Level
Excellent
Additional Requirements
-Good knowledge of hydrodynamics
-Good in hydraulic and/or CFD software usage
Experience in the following:
-Marine offshore modeling
-Nonlinear wave dynamics
-Fluid structure interaction
-Geometry model and grid creation for complex geometry
-Industry experience will be preferred
GET MORE! The EURAXESS Services Centres
To better plan and organise their stay in a foreign European country, researchers and their families can also benefit of the free and personalised assistance offered by the , a network of more than 200 centres located in 40 different European countries.
Envisaged Job Starting Date
25/04/2014
Application Deadline
31/05/2014
Other job details
Job ID
33923038
Type of Contract
Other
Status
Full-time
Hours Per Week
42
Company/Institute
Agency of Science, Technology and Research (A*STAR)
Country
SINGAPORE
City
Singapore
Postal Code
138632
Street
1 Fusionopolis Way, Connexis North Tower
EU Research Framework Programme
Is the job funded through the EU Research Framework Programme?
No
Company/Institute
Agency of Science, Technology and Research (A*STAR)
Institute of High Performance Computing (IHPC)
Public Research
1 Fusionopolis Way, Connexis North Tower138632 - SingaporeSINGAPORE email
QR-Code
Existing User Publish your job vacancies & fellowship programmes or Post your CV
Login
New User?
Useful Links
Get support:
Get support:
Last update: 07 May 2014
Version 1.2.19 p2