JobsCentral Singapore Jobs - Administration Assistant / Officer (Examination Unit) by Management Development Institute of Singapore
Closing Date: 14th May 201414/04/2014
Management Development Institute of Singapore
The Management Development Institute of Singapore (MDIS) is one of the leading private education providers in Singapore. Established in 1956, MDIS is Singapore's oldest not-for-profit professional institute for lifelong learning. At MDIS, we believe in open communication and staff development. We attribute our progress and expansion to our team of dedicated and committed staff and would like to invite suitably qualified personnel to join us as:
Administration Assistant / Officer (Examination Unit)
Responsibilities:
Prepare Academic Status Verification letters for students upon request
Pack and store past exam scripts/coursework in boxes
Tabulation and checking of results
Return coursework (if applicable) or feedback forms to students via Student Care & Administration coordinator
Rostered Counter or Certification and Transcripts Collection of Certification and Transcripts Duties
Respond to students’ enquires on examination matters via Student Care & Administration coordinator
Respond to lecturers’ enquires on examination matters
Assist in any Institute wide activity if required
Other ad-hoc duties as assigned
Requirements:
Preferably Diploma qualification
Proficient in Microsoft Excel/Word
Able to work under stress
Relevant working experience would be added advantage
Please apply with a comprehensive resume including a summary of your working experience, current and expected salaries to:
HR Department Management Development Institute of Singapore MDIS Campus 501 Stirling Road, Singapore 148951 Email:
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
Sending..
This job was successfully e-mailed.
An unknown error has occurred. Please try again later.
E-mail this job to a friend... Or yourself!
Error. Please check that the e-mails are valid.
From (your e-mail)
To (recipient's e-mail)
Your name
Notes
Login to save this job to your account.
Login is currently unavailable while we perform necessary maintenance. We apologize for any inconvenience. Please try again later.
Saving...
You've Successfully Saved:
Sign in Successful!
Notes:
Your note has been saved successfully.
Close >>
Error!
Sign In
Your registration is out of date, you need to update your challenge questions to continue.
Verify your identity to proceed.
Email Address or Password is Invalid
Email Address:
Password:
Automatically sign me in next time.
Login
Sorry!
Close
Authorizing...
Thanks for your patience - we'll be done shortly.