JobsCentral Singapore Jobs - Temporary Admin Assistant (Exam Dept) by Success Human Resource Centre Pte Ltd
Success Human Resource Centre Pte Ltd
Success Human Resource Centre Pte Ltd is an established Recruitment Firm specialising in Permanent, Contract and Temporary placements. We have clients in the various industries that meet your requirements for your career aspiration and advancement.
Closing Date: 24th May 201424/04/2014
Temporary Admin Assistant (Exam Dept)
Responsibilities:
Admin support & Data Entry Other ad hoc duties
Period:
5th May – 30th June 2014
Location:
Clementi Road (Tertiary Institution)
Working Hours:
Position 1: Mon – Friday, 8.30am – 5.30pm Position 2: Mon – Friday, 1.00pm – 10.00pm
Salary:
$7/hour
Requirements:
Minimum Diploma in IT or a related subject. Good working attitude and communication skills. Proficient in MS Office Applications. Comfortable with over time
Interested applicants, kindly fill in the application form at:
or email your detailed resume (MS Word format is preferred) with a recent photo attached to:
tracy@successhrc.com.sg and diyana@successhrc.com.sg
Please ensure that applications sent through email are no bigger than 1Mb.
We thank all applicants for your interest but regret to inform that only shortlisted candidates would be notified.
Success Human Resource Centre Pte Ltd (EA License Number: 97C4832)
Success Resource Centre Pte Ltd (EA License Number: 04C3201)
1 Sophia Road, Peace Centre
#06-23/29 Singapore 228149
T: 6337 3183 | F: 6337 0329 | W: www.successhrc.com.sg
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
Sending..
This job was successfully e-mailed.
An unknown error has occurred. Please try again later.
E-mail this job to a friend... Or yourself!
Error. Please check that the e-mails are valid.
From (your e-mail)
To (recipient's e-mail)
Your name
Notes
Login to save this job to your account.
Login is currently unavailable while we perform necessary maintenance. We apologize for any inconvenience. Please try again later.
Saving...
You've Successfully Saved:
Sign in Successful!
Notes:
Your note has been saved successfully.
Close >>
Error!
Sign In
Your registration is out of date, you need to update your challenge questions to continue.
Verify your identity to proceed.
Email Address or Password is Invalid
Email Address:
Password:
Automatically sign me in next time.
Login
Sorry!
Close
Authorizing...
Thanks for your patience - we'll be done shortly.