LEGO.com Jobs Life at the LEGO Group - Job description
SearchSearch
Senior Demand Manager
Location
Singapore, Singapore
Job Category
Supply and Demand
Posted
5/2/2014
Job ID
SG167
Languages
I'm in Demand Management & Forecasting - I support the business - I'm a builderBeing the most trusted brand in the world is a huge responsibility and we put immense pride into our work. We use our imagination every day - in the way we go about our jobs, our approach to learning and career development, without ever compromising our devotion to quality.Department Overview & Mission:Demand Management is a discipline with the primary purpose of ensuring high product availability in our Asian distribution centers on the short horizon. Product availability is the foundation for ensuring a satisfactory delivery service to our customers. Simultaneously, it is to be balanced with inventory levels which are done in close collaboration with the regional Supply & Inventory Planning team. The position is therefore operating in the cross field of bridging market demand with supply.The role embraces management of the entire product life cycle and requires a profound and holistic value chain understanding. Based on submitted Sales Plans, demand management ensures transparency and follow up of execution of standard agreed processes with Supply Chain, like for instance Launch and Exit Handshakes. That is, are we actually selling what we are planning? The role requires unique market understanding and insights which is to be levered upon the weekly Visual Management meetings and the weekly Demand/Supply Meeting (S&D;). The purpose of the S&D; meeting is to optimize the short horizon demand/supply balance and create transparency on key trade off’s between supply and demand. The weekly cycles require a profound understanding of demand drivers as well as their recent trends and consequences to take balanced risk management decisions.The Senior Demand Manager will take a natural leading role towards projects, processes, and deliverables for Global S&OP; and the team. The candidate is expected to work independently and take upon him/her a strong functional lead role. The role does not include direct people leadership. Though, there is built in a strong succession plan to take over the role as Regional Director for Demand Management & Forecasting (DM&FC;) on a 1-1½ year horizon. Consequently strong leadership ambition and capabilities are required – preferably combined with actual leadership experience.The Senior Demand Manager will report directly to the Director for DM&FC; for MG AEM.Core Accountabilities:Key weekly deliverables•Interact with market and regional stakeholders to understand demand•Increase/decrease demand signal based on trends and market knowledge •Continuously strive for improvement of processes•Responsible of providing sales plan consumption trends Key continuing deliverables:•Drive and manage Demand Management processes •Participate and represent Demand Management in projects and networks•Bring forward recommendations and actions based on valid analysis and material•Measurements of service provided to customers like delivery service and customer availability metrics like in-stock•Ensure inventory turns by balancing inventory levels and consumer sales •Ensure high ATP (Available to promise) at regional and local distribution centers•MG AEM is newly established. Therefore roles, responsibilities and processes between markets / Market Group / Global need to be established and burned in for accurate execution•Continuously strive for improving processes and optimizing workload•Apply a holistic E2E mindset across the entire value chain with understanding of both demand and supply side•Display a profound understanding of demand and market challenges•Build recommendations based on trade off discussions like for instance allocation in scarcity situationsRequirements:•8+ years of experience in demand planning, demand management and/or market/customer planning or similar•Experience from consumer goods company is a plus•Able to apply best practices in this role •Proven leadership skills•Natural collaborator and team player•Possesses experience from start up organizations and/or experience in establishing and continuously improving processes•Minimum bachelor degree in Business Administration, Logistics, Supply Chain or similar. Master degree is preferred.•Strong leadership in projects, processes and teams •Successful experience with multi-markets navigation •Strong networker with ability to build relations over a distance•Fluent in written and verbal English •SAP BW knowledge, MS office super user (in particular Excel) •Limited travel activity (2-6 times per year)•Strong and crisp communicator•Strong commercial sense•Highly analytical and ability to draw fact-based decisions •Willing to assume responsibility and take decisions balancing risk and opportunity•Strong base for holistic and strategic thinking•Ability to influence and move key stakeholders•Cross functional and cross cultural understandingThe LEGO Group:The LEGO Group offers unique and challenging career opportunities in a global organization founded on fun, creativity and innovation. The name 'LEGO' is an abbreviation of the two Danish words "leg godt", meaning "play well". And that has been our guideline since 1932. Today, LEGO Group is the world’s largest manufacturer in construction toys and LEGO products are sold in more than 130 countries. Our head office is in Billund, Denmark, and we have subsidiaries and branches throughout the world. The LEGO Group is an inspiring and rewarding place to work. Our culture is characterized by an informal atmosphere, an open dialogue, and respect for each other. So if you are a dedicated professional with an imaginative mind who wants to take play seriously, we can offer you the building bricks for a great career. To learn about how you can build your LEGO future please visit www.jobsatLEGO.com.LIML
Profile
CV
Already registered? Review your profile here.
Register
Please add your CV to our candidate pool.
Forgot Your Password?
We'll send a new password to your email.
Technical support
Troubleshooting for all login and application issues.
US:
UK:
DE:
HU:
MX:
CZ:
DK:
CH:
LEGO, the LEGO logo, DUPLO, LEGENDS OF CHIMA, MINDSTORMS, MIXELS and the Minifigure are trademarks and/or copyrights of the LEGO Group. ©2014 The LEGO Group. All rights reserved. Use of this site signifies your agreement to the terms of use.