Singapore Jobs | SAP / PS Consultant in Singapore
- Geco Asia Pte Ltd | jobsDB Singapore
SINGAPORE
Post Date 02-May-14
jobsDB Ref. JSG400003001953934
EA License No 07C4453
GECO-Group is a leading IT-Services & HR Recruitment Firm. We serve global IT and Management Consulting Firms and help them find the right resources for their projects, either on a contracting or on a permanent basis. At GECO, we use the most innovative approach to skill management: owning patents on specific skill assessment solutions. GECO qualifies job candidates using an innovative software and can identify a good fit between the candidate and the employer better and faster than any other player in the market. We typically offer candidates within a 24h turn-around time.
Note: We operate under a 'Comprehensive License' for Employment Agencies issued by MOM Singapore.[GECO Asia Pte Ltd, Licence no. 07C4453][8 Boon Lay Way, TradeHub21, Singapore 609964]
SAP / PS Consultant in Singapore
SAP / PS Consultant in Singapore Start: ASAPDuration: 12 MonthsLocation: SingaporeOne of our clients is looking for a SAP PS Consultant, who is/are able to fulfill the following requirements:Requirements:- 4-5 years of relevant experience in SAP PS- At Least  1 -2 full implementation and support experience of SAP Project Systems- Experience in analysis and documentation- Ability to support executive decision making on Project Systems- Excellent presentation and communication skillsPlease send your application to JOHN highlighting:- Your relevant experience- Current/expected salary - Availability information - A latest MS-WORD Resume **We regret that only short-listed applicants will be contacted**IMPORTANT Additional Information (140539): - Kindly let us know of your interest for this position - Send me your latest MS Word CV including the time period for all the projects that you have undertaken so far. If possible please include a summary of your skills with regards to the project description above. - Please send me your latest phone or mobile number
Career LevelMiddle IndustryHuman Resources Management/Consultancy Job Function >
Zonal Segregation --
SalarySalary provided
Employment TypeContract, Full Time
-
is a part of ,
in  placed by . Keywords:
Tools
More Jobs from this Company
Showing 1 of page 2
Copyright © 1998-2014, jobsDB Inc. All Rights Reserved.
|