Clinical genomics - Biostatistician | Singapore Institute for Clinical Sciences (SICS) - StatsJobs
Go
Radius:
Auto
1 mi
5 mi
10 mi
50 mi
100 mi
1,000 mi
5,000 mi
24 Apr 2014
Clinical genomics – Biostatistician | Singapore Institute for Clinical Sciences (SICS)
Singapore Institute for Clinical Sciences (SICS) – Posted by
–
Singapore, Singapore
Job Description
.
A postdoctoral position is available in our research group at Singapore Institute for Clinical Sciences (SICS), Agency of Science and Technology Research (A*STAR).We are seeking a highly motivated candidate in the area of biostatistics. The successful candidate will join an established research team focusing on understanding molecular and biomedical data from observational and interventional clinical studies.
Job Responsibilities:
Independent research focusing on data mining and analysis within translational clinical datasets.
Coordination of data analysis efforts across multi-disciplinary domains.
Use and development of probabilistic models and statistical methods, to answer current research questions.
Analysis of clinical and molecular data (microarrays and next generation sequencing related to SNPs, DNA methylation and transcriptome), and preparation of scientific publications and commercial reports.
Job Requirements:
Ph.D. degree in Biostatistics or similar
Track record of productive research in the life sciences, evidenced by peer-reviewed publication record.
Aptitude for and experience of collaborative research.
Very strong analytical skills and applied biostatistics experience.
Expertise in common biostatistical tools such as SAS, Matlab and R
Experience of large-scale molecular data, clinical or industrial research
Ability to work in an environment with tight timelines and multiple priorities
Please contact Neerja Karnani (neerja_karnani@sics.a-star.edu.sg) with a short description of your background and interests, CV, and contact information for three references….
Job Types: . Job expires in 28 days.
Apply for this Job
Name *
Email *
Message *
Upload resumé (zip, pdf, doc, txt, rtf)
Upload cover letter (zip, pdf, doc, txt, rtf)
Starting at
£249,00 for 30 days
Email me jobs like these
Just enter your email address and join over 9,000 subscribers who already receive our weekly job alert.
Email Address
Latest Jobs
Online Courses
Copyright © 2014 StatsJobs |
|
| Website by