Staff Engineer QA\QC with Thermo Fisher | 1401506498
Jobseekers
|
Employers
Staff Engineer QA\QC
Employer
Thermo Fisher
Posted
Thursday, May 1, 2014
Closes
Thursday, May 29, 2014
Location
Singapore, Singapore
Job Role
,
Contract Type
Hours
Salary
not specified
(this will open in a new window)
Further information
1. Co-ordinate with the various functions to ensure awareness and understanding of the Quality Management System. Plan and co-ordinate gap analysis exercises and provide advice on bridging the gap.
2. Plan and co-ordinate Quality internal audits as required. Ensure that Quality internal audit findings and recommendations are rectified and implemented. Apprise management of Quality audit findings and corrective actions taken
3. Ensure that the procedures and processes prescribed by the Quality management system are in place and implemented per requirement. Review the Quality management system periodically to assess continued suitability and areas of possible improvement.
4. Arrange for ISO 9001-2000, ISO13485, ISO14971, QSR21CFR awareness training and further refresher training as needed.
5. Co-ordinate and plan work of external audit such as Customer, ISO Certification and Regulatory bodies.
6. Supervise and direct Quality section staff reporting to this position and ensure the timely and accurate completion of quality projects and tasks.
Support company goals, objectives and policy in compliance with QMS.
7. Maintain electronic database of work flows and procedures
8. Coordinate CAPA review and provide regular update and track effectiveness of CAPA status
Minimum Qualifications (must have)
Bachelor Degree in Quality Management or Engineering or equivalent.Minimum 5 years experience required in similar position. Excellent knowledge of QMS primary on ISO13485, ISO14971, QSR21CFR Relevant working experience in ISO13485 and GMP environment preferred Lead/Internal Auditor preferredGood written and oral communication skills in English.Excellent knowledge of MS Office.
*LI-NG1
Preferred Qualifications (nice to have)
Conducted training in Quality related fields are advantageous.Candidates with Medical device/Pharmeutical working experience would be an advantage
EOE
(this will open in a new window)
Thermo Fisher
Share this job
Options
More jobs like this
Standard site |
© 2008 - 2014 Reed Business Information. Powered by Madgex .
Cookies on the New Scientist Jobs website
Our website uses cookies, which are small text files that are widely used in order to make websites work more effectively. To continue using our website and consent to the use of cookies, click away from this box or click 'Close'.