Sr. Associate Regulatory Analyst x 1 year with Thermo Fisher | 1401506493
Jobseekers
|
Employers
Sr. Associate Regulatory Analyst x 1 year
Employer
Thermo Fisher
Posted
Thursday, May 1, 2014
Closes
Thursday, May 29, 2014
Location
Singapore, Singapore
Job Role
,
Contract Type
Hours
Salary
not specified
(this will open in a new window)
Further information
1) Compile registration submission documents such as common submission dossiers and register LT products with Singapore regulatory Authority and within SEA region. Demonstrate management independent leadership skills by preparing regulatory maps for registration activities.
2) Global regulatory product registrations support for SG manufactured products (Notarization and legalization/apostil of documents)
3) Site Quality Management System support –
audits, review and update of regulatory SOPs, complaints investigation, documentation review, approval and release, involve in Post market surveillance, risk management, etc..
4) Support for Regulatory Awareness and related training to site staff;Regulatory education and dissemination to the organization;Regulatory updates to Manager
5) Build rapport with regulatory agencies, distributors and notified bodies as required , to perform effective and fast approvals for product registrations
6) Ensure the business compliance with regional / global regulations / requirements ; such as FDA , HSA , CE IVD ..
Requirements
Degree in Science / Lifescience or Engineering or degree in healthcare domain
3-5 years RA experience in healthcare industry
Knowledge and experience in regulatory requirements : FDA 21cfr part 820 , EU CE IVDD , ISO 9001 / 13485
Experience in product local and regional regulatory submissions / registrations
Minimum Qualifications (must have)
*LI-NG1
Preferred Qualifications (nice to have)NAEOE
(this will open in a new window)
Thermo Fisher
Share this job
Options
More jobs like this
Standard site |
© 2008 - 2014 Reed Business Information. Powered by Madgex .
Cookies on the New Scientist Jobs website
Our website uses cookies, which are small text files that are widely used in order to make websites work more effectively. To continue using our website and consent to the use of cookies, click away from this box or click 'Close'.