Discussion Forum | Your Say | REACH
Discussion Forum
- Welcome to the !
-  is out now!
In This Section
Discussion Forum
Find us on
>
>
|
Discussion Forum
2 May 2014, 12.55PM
by REACH Administrator
|
"We can't tell our competition to go away. They want to eat our lunch... We can't stop them from wanting, but we can make sure that we can hold our own and we can eat our own lunch", said Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong in his annual May Day Rally speech.
He was referring to the importance of workers constantly upgrading their skills so that Singapore can maintain its advantage in the face of relentless competition from workers of other countries and also robots which threaten to replace humans, he said. While the Singapore workforce remains ahead of others, "no lead is permanent", he cautioned.
In his speech, PM Lee outlined the plans for improvements to take the country forward, pledging initiatives for better workers, better jobs and better lives.
He said that the Government will do its utmost to make sure better workers will have better jobs. It will continue to invest heavily in education at all levels, while also giving adult education a big push.
What are your thoughts on constantly upgrading your skills to ensure employability and maintain competitiveness?
Source: The Straits Times article “PM’s goal: Better workers, jobs and lives”
Read the second part of his speech: ""
1 people like this
|
279 views  |  2 comments & replies  |
Sort By :
Newest
Most LIKED
Most Comments/Replies
Joe Tan5 May 2014, 10.27PM
"We can't tell our competition to go away. They want to eat our lunch... We can't stop them from wanting, but we can make sure that we can hold our own and we can eat our own lunch", said Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong in his annual May Day Rally speech. "We can't tell our government to make us less poorer. It wants to squeeze the poorer class to enrich the richer class… We cant't stop them from wanting, but we can make sure that we can hold our own during GE and have our say" , said the Workers of Singapore on May Day.
|  0 people like this
Muthusamy Kumar2 May 2014, 5.47PM
Yes, upgrading our skills to keep up w times is good. Besides providing available courses, Gov shld look into communicating, esp to older workers, how they can go about tapping on these courses. Companies must also be supportive.
|  0 people like this
Read our
and
before
you begin!
Also in this Category
Available Categories
Latest Discussions
Latest Archive
Last updated on 6 May 2014
Copyright © 2014 REACH. All rights reserved.
Best viewed at 1024*768 resolution with IE 7.0 or FireFox 3.0
|
|