ORDER MANAGEMENT SPECIALIST (24816933) - reed.co.uk
The UK's #1 job site.
Email
Password
Keep me signed in
Draft application
You haven't saved any jobs yet
Email saved jobs to:
Find a job
Search in job title only
Search
to
per annum
per hour
Permanent
Contract
Temporary
Full-time
Part-time
|
ORDER MANAGEMENT SPECIALIST
, Singapore
SGD$53,000 - SGD$60,000 per annum
1 application
Job type:
Contract, full-time
Date:
4 days ago
Reference:
24816933
Organisation Description*** ORDER MANAGEMENT SPECIALIST NEEDED IN SINGAPORE.  1 YEAR CONTRACT $53,000 - $60,000 ***My client, global brand is looking for a number of Order Management Specialists to join their established team here in Singapore.Working within the fast-paced Reseller team, this role will require that the succesful candidate is able to proactively improve all aspects of Customer Service both internally and externally.Job DescriptionThis Order Management Specialist manages sales order management processes. Working with both internal and external customers / partners to process orders through SAP and practicing both a responsive and proactive approach to order maintenance. The Specialist
is accountable for customer satisfaction by achieving certain prescribed, measurable performance goals (both individual and team) on a daily basis. You will be involved in building relationships, driving best practice whilst resolving order queries along with
booking and ensuring orders comply with company revenue policies and processes with objective of ensuring timely delivery of shipment to replenish partners at the optimal level of inventory.• Processing orders through SAP, perform issue resolution to ensure timely and accurate transaction completion meeting SOX requirement• Provide relevant, satisfying experiences that strengthen business relationships with internal stakeholders. • Apply analysis, planning, and insight to continuously improve the speed and quality of our work• Ensure sharing of best practise among the team to drive efficiency• Lead or participate in cross-functional initiatives/projects. Participate in project work as/when required in order to implement improved systems. To participate in UATs• Run reporting for relevant stakeholders • Accountable for appropriate knowledge and use of departmental and company systems / databases• Ensure that Key Performance Indicators (KPIs)/SLA’s/Quality Metrics and departmental goals are met• Analyse trends and drive actions to stakeholders to improve TAT of order fulfillment and reverse logistics processes.• Remain knowledgeable of client performance requirements, product line and service offerings• Process flow documentation Person Specification Degree holder, applicable certification or equivalent related experience required• Relevant order management/ customer service/ logistics role experience with excellent customer service skills in IT industry will be advantage • Creative problem solver. Able to troubleshoot system and process issues, with recommendation of possible solutions and/or alternative workarounds• Independent and Self-Driven• May need to attend global conference calls outside of core business hours• Knowledge of SAP is an requirement• Ability to communicate in both English and Chinese ( Spoken and Written)• Exceptional Communication• Effective time management• Team Player• Ability to Multi task• Detailed Analysis (Problem Identification)• Effective Judgments ability (Problem Solving)• Attention to detail• Positive Change ManagementThis role is avaialble now, so please send me your CV asap.
Loading, please wait...
>
There is no need to provide bank account details or payment to any person or organisation when applying for a job.
reed.co.uk is not responsible for the content of any external websites linked to or referenced on this site and recommends that all job applications are made via the ‘Apply now’ button above. If you have concerns about any job you see on reed.co.uk, please
.
Sponsored links
Send me more jobs like this
Email
By signing up to Job Alert emails you agree to our
and .
Replace a saved search
We're already sending an email alert to this address
""
If you'd like to replace this, click the replace button, or
to save more email alerts
Replace a saved search
You already have ten searches saved, select a search below to replace it.
Sign in to create your email job alert.
Sign In
Email
Password
Keep me signed in
Get qualified for this job
Recruiting for
a
Purchasing job?
Application for ORDER MANAGEMENT SPECIALIST
Sign In
Email
Password
Keep me signed in
Register
Email
Upload CV
You already have a CV Builder account. To upgrade to a full jobseeker account, please enter your password.
Password
Before you can apply for this job we need your CV and a few more details.
Email ORDER MANAGEMENT SPECIALIST
Email from
Email to
Sorry - we can't use that file.
Please try again with a CV that is:
.doc, .docx, .rtf, .txt or .pdf format
less than 200kb in size.
Change
Jobs
Courses
Reed
Connect with us
More from reed.co.uk
Copyright © reed.co.uk 2014
Triple your chances of getting the job you want.
24816933
JavaScript must be enabled in order for you to use reed.co.uk. However, it seems JavaScript is either disabled or not supported by your browser. To use reed.co.uk, , then try again.