JobsCentral Singapore Jobs - Motion Graphic Designer, OAP (1-Year Contract) - Mediacorp Pte Ltd by Mediacorp Pte Ltd
Closing Date: 27th May 201428/03/2014
Mediacorp Pte Ltd
Motion Graphic Designer, OAP (1-Year Contract) - Mediacorp Pte Ltd
MediaCorp is expanding its production services teams to further develop the quality of content produced across all of our channels. This is an exciting time to be part of the MediaCorp team and coincides with our move to Mediapolis in 2015. A new state of the art high definition production and broadcast facility located in the west of Singapore. This will provide 7 studios for TV, News and drama, a fully tapeless working environment, Vizrt immersive GFX systems, multiple post production suites utilizing high-level non-linear editing systems and the latest visual effects software. Mediacorp seeks a dynamic and skilled Motion Graphic Designer who is passionate to work in the news on-air promo unit.
The ideal candidate should have a solid understanding of current trends in graphic design. The incumbent will be required to work on tasks in both motion graphics production and shooting/editing live action video so a good working-knowledge of non-linear editing is a big plus.
Responsibilities
Report to Senior Creative Manager/ Senior Programming Manager and be responsible for hands on help with the design of video promo packages Design and create graphics and animations while maintaining the company’s overall brand and image. This include motion graphics, title sequences, etc. Add effects/elements/motion graphics to existing video content Create video composites, keying, rotoscoping Absorb creative direction while bringing unique ideas to the table Maintain up-to-date knowledge of trends and  techniques in graphic/ motion design
Requirements
Diploma/Degree holder Minimum 3 years of relevant working experience in broadcast motion graphics or related field Good organizational and time management skills Able to multi-task Strong eye for design and visual storytelling Able to work independently and with teams Able to take direction well, but also motivated and competent to own a project from start to finish You should be proficient in the following skills:
-        Adobe After Effects -        Adobe Photoshop -        Adobe Illustrator -        Adobe Premier Pro or Avid Symphony -        Cinema4D -        Experience with Mocha, Colour-grading and a comprehensive understanding of video codecs a plus
Note: Please include a link to demo reel or work samples
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
Sending..
This job was successfully e-mailed.
An unknown error has occurred. Please try again later.
E-mail this job to a friend... Or yourself!
Error. Please check that the e-mails are valid.
From (your e-mail)
To (recipient's e-mail)
Your name
Notes
Login to save this job to your account.
Login is currently unavailable while we perform necessary maintenance. We apologize for any inconvenience. Please try again later.
Saving...
You've Successfully Saved:
Sign in Successful!
Notes:
Your note has been saved successfully.
Close >>
Error!
Sign In
Your registration is out of date, you need to update your challenge questions to continue.
Verify your identity to proceed.
Email Address or Password is Invalid
Email Address:
Password:
Automatically sign me in next time.
Login
Sorry!
Close
Authorizing...
Thanks for your patience - we'll be done shortly.