JobsCentral Singapore Jobs - Manager / Assistant Manager, Media Services - Yale NUS College by Yale NUS College
Closing Date: 27th May 201428/03/2014
Yale NUS College
Manager / Assistant Manager, Media Services - Yale NUS College
Responsibilities Yale-NUS College is a liberal arts college in Singapore with a focus on residential living and learning and distinguished by its innovative curriculum emphasizing active learning. We are assembling an Educational Technology team that is progressive and in line with the mission of the College. Manager / Assistant Manager, Media Services will lead a team of support staff tasked with maintaining classroom audio-visual facilities, covering College events, as well as running the College’s media production facilities.  The successful applicant will setup and manage the College’s recording studio, review technological options related to production of media for teaching needs, and coaches faculty, staff and students on the use such technologies. Manager / Assistant Manager, Media Services will work closely with faculty, the academic leadership, information technology leadership, as well as related personnel from other departments within the College. The duties include:
Provide day-to-day operations management and delivery of media services (including the projectors and media equipment for the whole college) Provide professional technical and management support for media production projects (Corporate event filming and educational courseware videos development) – from conceptualization of the shooting to the delivery of the media in various platforms Manage a team of media development and production executives Setup of the media studio – including design, requirement analysis, tender & evaluation, and liaise with vendors and contracts for procurement of equipment, installation and quality control Setup of media streaming services for the College Training of users (Staff, Faculty and students) on Media systems usage for educational purpose (e.g. using mobile phone cameras and video editing) Perform other related duties incidental to the work described herein
Requirements
Bachelor Degree or Masters of Arts in Media/Film Studies, Communications & Media Management or Film, Sound and Media (FSM) or a directly related field At least 5 years of related experience in media production and management of a media studio/centre in educational or non-educational settings required Experience in setup of a media studio and management of the media studio (Preference will be given to those who have had prior experience in the setup of a media studio in a production house or education settings) Experience identifying media development needs and integrating technological solutions required Experience with integration of filming systems to web sharing platforms and with course management systems required Experience developing and delivering technical training to an audience with varying levels of technical understanding required Prior experience in setup of automated video capturing and webcasting systems (e.g. Echo360, Blue-Orange, Panopto, etc.) and video analytics would be advantageous Knowledge of widely-used hardware, software, applications, resources and techniques for media production (including film and sound recordings) Demonstrated ability to initiate and complete media projects, to manage a complex workload, prioritize tasks and use good judgment in providing services based on goals Excellent communication and interpersonal skills Demonstrated ability to work within a team environment
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
Sending..
This job was successfully e-mailed.
An unknown error has occurred. Please try again later.
E-mail this job to a friend... Or yourself!
Error. Please check that the e-mails are valid.
From (your e-mail)
To (recipient's e-mail)
Your name
Notes
Login to save this job to your account.
Login is currently unavailable while we perform necessary maintenance. We apologize for any inconvenience. Please try again later.
Saving...
You've Successfully Saved:
Sign in Successful!
Notes:
Your note has been saved successfully.
Close >>
Error!
Sign In
Your registration is out of date, you need to update your challenge questions to continue.
Verify your identity to proceed.
Email Address or Password is Invalid
Email Address:
Password:
Automatically sign me in next time.
Login
Sorry!
Close
Authorizing...
Thanks for your patience - we'll be done shortly.