Guest Relations Agent Job In
- Marriott International - Cool Jobs, Hotel / Resort / Lodging, Hospitality Career
Candidate registration Employer registration
Forgot password
Sign in Candidate registration
Sign in Candidate registration
Sign in Employer registration
|
text.subscribe:
Guest Relations Agent
Employer:
Job Ref:
140009EE
Industry:
Cool Jobs
Hotel / Resort / Lodging
Hospitality
Job Type:
Full Time
Country:
Singapore
City:
Singapore
Post Date:
02/11/2014 02:43 PM
With more than 300 managed properties worldwide (including conference centers) our flagship brand, Marriott Hotels & Resorts celebrates the drive, focus, and resilience of our guests while focusing on exceptional service and genuine comfort. As part of the Marriott Hotels & Resorts team, you'll work to make the most of the travel experience of each and every guests. Find Your World™ at Marriott Hotels & Resorts.Job Summary Process all guest check-ins by confirming reservations, assigning room, and issuing and activating room key. Process all payment types such as room charges, cash, checks, debit, or credit. Process all check-outs including resolving any late and disputed charges. Answer, record, and process all guest calls, messages, requests, questions, or concerns. Coordinate with Housekeeping to track readiness of rooms for check-in. Communicate parking procedures to guests/visitors and dispatch bell staff or valet staff as needed. Supply guests with directions and information regarding property and local areas of interest. Run daily reports (number of arrivals, departures), identify any special requests, and check reports for accuracy. Complete designated cashier and closing reports in the computer system. Cash guests' personal checks and traveler's checks. Count bank at the beginning and end of shift. Balance and drop receipts according to Accounting specifications.
Follow all company safety and security policies and procedures; report accidents, injuries, and unsafe work conditions to manager. Follow all company policies and procedures; ensure uniform and personal appearance are clean and professional; maintain confidentiality of proprietary information; protect company assets. Welcome and acknowledge all guests according to company standards; anticipate and address guests' service needs; assist individuals with disabilities; thank guests with genuine appreciation. Speak with others using clear and professional language; answer telephones using appropriate etiquette. Develop and maintain positive working relationships with others. Comply with quality assurance expectations and standards. Stand, sit, or walk for an extended period of time. Move, lift, carry, push, pull, and place objects weighing less than or equal to 10 pounds without assistance. Perform other reasonable job duties as requested by Supervisors. Marriott International is an equal opportunity employer committed to hiring a diverse workforce and sustaining an inclusive culture. Marriott International does not discriminate on the basis of disability, veteran status or any other basis protected under federal, state or local laws.
Action
Featured jobs
|
Boulder
|
Anchorage / Remote Locations
|
Boulder
|
San Francisco
|
Steamboat Springs
Featured employers
Industry Guides:
Employment:
Company Info:
Copyright © 1999 - 2014 JobMonkey, Inc. All rights reserved.