Manager Verification and Validation with Thermo Fisher | 1401506548
Jobseekers
|
Employers
Manager Verification and Validation
Employer
Thermo Fisher
Posted
Thursday, May 1, 2014
Closes
Thursday, May 29, 2014
Location
Singapore, Singapore
Job Role
,
Contract Type
Hours
Salary
not specified
(this will open in a new window)
Further information
Responsibilities:Provide leadership to a team of 6-8 direct reports. Assign roles and responsibilities to achieve organizational andindividual development goals.Coach and mentor direct reports on industry best practices, V&V; strategies and development areas. Provide technical input and guidance to staff for the generation of V&V; test plans and reports. Expected to spent at least 20% of the time on hands-on work with the team.Conduct review V&V; test plans and reports.Lead and actively contribute to the development of use cases, product requirements and specifications with the Core team.Manage the team’s budget and deliverables. Provide accurate cost and resource estimates for projects.Ensure that projects are appropriately resourced and delivered on time as well as on budget.Lead and drive projects to improve processes and productivity of the team.Lead and drive the establishment of MDx V&V; processes, facilities and culture for the team.Ensure that work is performed and documented in accordance to our company’s Quality Management System.Experience and Education Requirement:Have people management experience (at least 3 direct reports).Significant R&D; exposure that demonstrates ability to create experimental plans that test hypothesis with aconclusive outcome.Projects must have significant elements of of
molecular biology techniques specifically in cloning, gene expression analysis with particular emphasis on real time PCR and array technologies, nucleic acid and protein isolation as well as analysis methods. Experience in advance protein analysis methods e.g mass spectrometry, 2-D electrophoresis etc is a plus.
Basic statistics and experience with Jmp is an advantage.Possess a good understanding of V&V; concepts and critical elements. Had experience in writing test plans andconducting V&V; tests.Experience in Molecular Diagnostic MDx development and V&V; is a big plus point.Possess an understanding of ISO13485 especially in Design control. Ph.D is preferred
with at least 2 years of post doctoral experience. Alternatively, possess experience working in the private industry. For the latter, involvement in product development is ideal. Candidates without a PhD will be considered if they have greater than 5 years working experience with the appropriate skill sets as described above.
Experience in Mdx development and V&V; will be viewed favorably.
Minimum Qualifications (must have)
Bsc Hons in Science or Engineering
*LI-NG1
Preferred Qualifications (nice to have)
PhD in Molecular Biology/Oncology/Biochemistry
EOE
(this will open in a new window)
Thermo Fisher
Share this job
Options
More jobs like this
Standard site |
© 2008 - 2014 Reed Business Information. Powered by Madgex .
Cookies on the New Scientist Jobs website
Our website uses cookies, which are small text files that are widely used in order to make websites work more effectively. To continue using our website and consent to the use of cookies, click away from this box or click 'Close'.