Team Leader Distribution with Thermo Fisher | 1401506437
Jobseekers
|
Employers
Team Leader Distribution
Employer
Thermo Fisher
Posted
Thursday, May 1, 2014
Closes
Thursday, May 29, 2014
Location
Singapore, Singapore
Job Role
,
Contract Type
Hours
Salary
not specified
(this will open in a new window)
Further information
Lead Traffic Control team in ensuring daily pick tickets are printed/ registered and monitored so that deliveries are made according to shipping requirements.Drives continuous improvement:
creating a vision, developing projects and seeking ideas from team members to improve productivity and efficiencyResponsible for all outbound activities to ensure daily goals are metDrive achievement of metrics in line with corporate goals and directionManage inventory accuracy targets to corporate goals and directionAssist in cost saving initiativesDeveloping & maintaining high performance work teamsManage the customer complaint and quality processesOther duties as assigned Minimum Qualifications (must have) Minimum of Diploma (in any discipline). Preferably Bachelor’s Degree. 5 to 7 years of relevant experiences or equivalent combination of education and experiences Empowers their team to realize improvement opportunities & enables the team to make the improvements. Experiences & skills in handling personnel issues like excessive ML. Strong Knowledge of 5S preferred. Familiarity with lean strongly preferred.
The ability to sustain a lean environment is critical to success. Follows and provides direction accurately and efficiently Excellent documentation and communication skills Forklift License
*LI-NG1Preferred Qualifications (nice to have)
NA
EOE
(this will open in a new window)
Thermo Fisher
Share this job
Options
More jobs like this
Standard site |
© 2008 - 2014 Reed Business Information. Powered by Madgex .
Cookies on the New Scientist Jobs website
Our website uses cookies, which are small text files that are widely used in order to make websites work more effectively. To continue using our website and consent to the use of cookies, click away from this box or click 'Close'.