Guest Service Executive Job In
- Marriott International - Restaurant / Food Service, Food / Beverage / Wine, Cool Jobs, Hotel / Resort / Lodging, Hospitality Career
Candidate registration Employer registration
Forgot password
Sign in Candidate registration
Sign in Candidate registration
Sign in Employer registration
|
text.subscribe:
Guest Service Executive
Employer:
Job Ref:
140009HX
Industry:
Restaurant / Food Service
Food / Beverage / Wine
Cool Jobs
Hotel / Resort / Lodging
Hospitality
Job Type:
Full Time
Country:
Singapore
City:
Singapore
Post Date:
02/11/2014 02:36 PM
With more than 300 managed properties worldwide (including conference centers) our flagship brand, Marriott Hotels & Resorts celebrates the drive, focus, and resilience of our guests while focusing on exceptional service and genuine comfort. As part of the Marriott Hotels & Resorts team, you'll work to make the most of the travel experience of each and every guests. Find Your World™ at Marriott Hotels & Resorts.Job Summary He / She will be responsible for supervising, coaching and co-ordinating activities of the food Servers as well as looking into the comfort and dining experience of guests. He / She will also handle guests' service needs during the absence of the manager .
Follow all company and safety and security policies and procedures; report accidents, injuries, and unsafe work conditions to manager; and complete safety training and certifications. Ensure uniform and personal appearance are clean and professional, maintain confidentiality of proprietary information, and protect company assets. Welcome and acknowledge all guests according to company standards. Speak with others using clear and professional language, and answer telephones using appropriate etiquette. Develop and maintain positive working relationships with others, support team to reach common goals, and listen and respond appropriately to the concerns of other employees. Ensure adherence to quality expectations and standards. Reach overhead and below the knees, including bending, twisting, pulling, and stooping. Move, lift, carry, push, pull, and place objects weighing less than or equal to 25 pounds without assistance. Stand, sit, or walk for an extended period of time or for an entire work shift. Perform other reasonable job duties as requested by Supervisors.
Marriott International is an equal opportunity employer committed to hiring a diverse workforce and sustaining an inclusive culture. Marriott International does not discriminate on the basis of disability, veteran status or any other basis protected under federal, state or local laws.
Action
Featured jobs
|
Phoenix
|
San Francisco
|
Anchorage / Remote Locations
|
Steamboat Springs
|
Boulder
Featured employers
Industry Guides:
Employment:
Company Info:
Copyright © 1999 - 2014 JobMonkey, Inc. All rights reserved.