Chef De Partie Job In
- Marriott International - Restaurant / Food Service, Food / Beverage / Wine, Cool Jobs, Hotel / Resort / Lodging, Hospitality Career
Candidate registration Employer registration
Forgot password
Sign in Candidate registration
Sign in Candidate registration
Sign in Employer registration
|
text.subscribe:
Chef De Partie
Vacancy has expired
Employer:
Job Ref:
140009I0
Industry:
Restaurant / Food Service
Food / Beverage / Wine
Cool Jobs
Hotel / Resort / Lodging
Hospitality
Job Type:
Full Time
Country:
Singapore
City:
Singapore
Post Date:
02/11/2014 02:36 PM
With more than 300 managed properties worldwide (including conference centers) our flagship brand, Marriott Hotels & Resorts celebrates the drive, focus, and resilience of our guests while focusing on exceptional service and genuine comfort. As part of the Marriott Hotels & Resorts team, you'll work to make the most of the travel experience of each and every guests. Find Your World™ at Marriott Hotels & Resorts.Job Summary Prepare special meals or substitute items. Regulate temperature of ovens, broilers, grills, and roasters. Pull food from freezer storage to thaw in the refrigerator. Ensure proper portion, arrangement, and food garnish. Maintain food logs. Monitor the quality and quantity of food that is prepared. Communicate assistance needed during busy periods. Inform Chef of excess food items for use in daily specials. Inform F&B; service staff of 86'ed items and available menu specials. Ensure the quality of the food items. Prepare and cook food according to recipes, quality standards, presentation standards, and food preparation checklist. Prepare cold foods. Assist management in hiring, training, scheduling, evaluating, counseling, disciplining, and motivating and coaching employees; serve as a role model.
Follow all company and safety and security policies and procedures; report maintenance needs, accidents, injuries, and unsafe work conditions to manager; complete safety training and certifications. Ensure uniform and personal appearance are clean and professional; maintain confidentiality of proprietary information; protect company assets. Anticipate and address guests' service needs. Speak with others using clear and professional language. Develop and maintain positive working relationships with others; support team to reach common goals; listen and respond appropriately to the concerns of other employees. Ensure adherence to quality expectations and standards. Stand, sit, or walk for an extended period of time. Reach overhead and below the knees, including bending, twisting, pulling, and stooping. Move, lift, carry, push, pull, and place objects weighing less than or equal to 25 pounds without assistance. Perform other reasonable job duties as requested by Supervisors. Marriott International is an equal opportunity employer committed to hiring a diverse workforce and sustaining an inclusive culture. Marriott International does not discriminate on the basis of disability, veteran status or any other basis protected under federal, state or local laws.
Action
Featured jobs
|
Phoenix
|
Boulder
|
Steamboat Springs
|
San Francisco
|
Anchorage / Remote Locations
Featured employers
Industry Guides:
Employment:
Company Info:
Copyright © 1999 - 2014 JobMonkey, Inc. All rights reserved.