Jobs
Detail
6908 « InternSG – Singapore Internship Programs
Company
Safety@Work Consultancy Pte Ltd
Designation
Project Intern
Date Listed
30 Apr 2014
Job Type
Part-time / Temporary   ( Entry Level / Junior Executive )
Job Period
Immediate Start, For At Least 3 Months
Location
Singapore
Allowance / Remuneration
$800 - $1,000 monthly
Profession
Art / Creative / Design / Media and Business / Management
Industry
Media / Publication
Company Profile:Safety@Work is all about passion and its about making things happen. Its about doing the right things even when its easier not to.Safety@Work still stands - for knowledge, honor, integrity, changing mindsets and touching hearts.With 18 years in FPSO conversions, Rig Builds, Oil & Gas Turnarounds & Projects, Construction and Marine Projects, we are not just Experts@Safety- we are more than that. Clients have flown us to in to solve their issues because they know we are the best. We have been engaged by some of the best companies in the world and have been flown in to deliver what seems to be impossible. Creating Real Breakthroughs and Real Solutions.
Job Description:Don't read further if you are looking for a 9-5, routine dead
end internship. We are looking for makers of "purple cows".As an organisation we believe that we can make a difference in
the world, challenging the norms and how leaders and business operate.How? We consult and implement cloud based software solutions all linked to
making people connected and productive in oil and gas giants as well as local
SMEsYour Job Description is
#1 Making the idea about our product remarkable and viralHow? - Understand the product we
developed- Work with Management to
identify markets to enter and companies to target- Develop strategies and ideas
to market and get buy in from customers- Implement those strategies
and ideasSo instead of a CV. Give us max
300 word summary of yourself, education and employment history (just
companies-titles-dates). And a max 500 word reason why you would be suited to
join us at the start-up phase and intern with us
Kindly note that only shortlisted candidates will be notified.
Copyright © 2014
- All Rights Reserved -