Jobs
Detail
6907 « InternSG – Singapore Internship Programs
Company
Safety@Work Consultancy Pte Ltd
Designation
Project Intern
Date Listed
30 Apr 2014
Job Type
Part-time / Temporary   ( Entry Level / Junior Executive )
Job Period
Immediate Start, For At Least 3 Months
Location
Singapore
Allowance / Remuneration
$800 - $1,000 monthly
Profession
Computing / IT / Software
Industry
Media / Publication
Company Profile:Safety@Work is all about passion and its about making things happen. Its about doing the right things even when its easier not to.Safety@Work still stands - for knowledge, honor, integrity, changing mindsets and touching hearts.With 18 years in FPSO conversions, Rig Builds, Oil & Gas Turnarounds & Projects, Construction and Marine Projects, we are not just Experts@Safety- we are more than that. Clients have flown us to in to solve their issues because they know we are the best. We have been engaged by some of the best companies in the world and have been flown in to deliver what seems to be impossible. Creating Real Breakthroughs and Real Solutions.
Job Description:Are you creative and have video-shoot, photography and video editing
skills?Do you want to work on a completely new project where with a team you
will have possibility to implement your own ideas?Responsibilities- Create Courseware- Video Recordings.- Create Collaterals for new on-line video training.- Marketing of courseware, creating system to
develop and market new courses.
Requirements
• A student or diploma holder either in multimedia design, animation,
motion graphic, visual effect, interactive design, video production or related
qualifications – if you are from other majors but still are interested in above
fields- you are WELCOME to apply (you will need to prove you
interest/knowledge/skills)• Create concept and storyboard for multimedia content• Have working knowledge of one of following software’s: Adobe Premiere, After
Effect, Adobe Photoshop, Sony Vegas. Having experience in more than one is a
PLUS.
Please apply for this position by submitting your text CV using InternSG.
Interested applicants, please send in your resume: contact@safetyatwork.com.sg
Kindly note that only shortlisted candidates will be notified.
Copyright © 2014
- All Rights Reserved -