Singapore protesters attack immigration, jobs policies - The Rakyat Post - The Rakyat Post
Available in
|
|
Tuesday May 06, 2014
Our Pick
Singapore protesters attack immigration, jobs policies
Placards hanging on nylon rope at Speakers Corner during a Labour Day protest in Singapore. — AFP pic
SINGAPORE, May 1:
Hundreds of Singaporeans rallied on Thursday to denounce the government’s immigration and labour policies amid a fresh wave of anti-foreigner sentiment in the city-state.
Protesters, estimated by an AFP reporter to number around 400, wore black headbands with the words “Protect Singaporean Rights” in red as they chanted slogans against the long-ruling People’s Action Party.
Protest leader Gilbert Goh, an employment counsellor, said the rally was intended to display Singaporeans’ continued dissatisfaction with the large foreign population in the city-state.
“When we speak up for the country, we are branded as xenophobes, ” he said. “I am doing all this for my country, I am willing to die for my country.”
Goh, however, dropped plans to ask rally participants to deface a poster of Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong after receiving a stern warning from the police.
Singaporeans make up just over 60% of the country’s 5.4 million population. Its low fertility rate forces the island republic to rely heavily on guest workers to power its affluent economy.
The protest took place at a designed free-speech park amid a wave of attacks in social media directed at the Filipino community over a planned festival celebrating Philippine Independence Day in June along busy Orchard Road.
Lee had denounced the abusive anti-Filipino attacks as the work of a few “trolls” and said people who harassed organisers of the planned event were “a disgrace to Singapore”.
Protester Richard Lim said at Thursday’s rally that Singaporeans remain dissatisfied with the government’s immigration policies despite restrictions on the intake of foreign workers and a reduction in the approval of permanent residency applications.
“You take the trains, you will know why we are still angry. Everywhere we go it is crowded. They don’t listen to us when we say don’t bring in any more foreigners!” said the 57-year-old security guard.
Thursday’s rally fell short of protests attended by several thousand people last year after the government published a policy paper indicating that the government was looking at a future population of 6.9 million.
Critics accuse foreigners of competing with Singaporeans for jobs, housing and medical care as well as choking public transport even though the unemployment rate stands at just over 2% — one of the lowest figures in the world.
How does this story make you feel?
0% Happy0% Sad0% Angry0% Shocked0% Nothing
More in World
Published: May 1, 2014 09:00pm
Last Updated: May 1, 2014 07:38pm
Source: AFP
Tags: , ,
ADVERTISEMENT
ADVERTISEMENT
More Stories11:01 pm10:45 pm10:45 pm10:18 pm10:00 pm10:00 pm10:00 pmADVERTISEMENT
ADVERTISEMENT
Comments
to comment.
|
|
Benjamil Said
Protect the SINGAPOREAN…It is becoming extinct and may no longer exist after 10 generations or less.
to reply.
5 days ago
Doc Mansion
can’t blame em.
to reply.
5 days ago
Contact Us
Subscribe For Updates:*
Site Information
Tags
Tablet & Mobile Edition
FORGOT YOUR PASSWORD?
RETRIEVE
Email
ALREADY A TRP MEMBER?
LOG IN
|
Username
Password
NOT A MEMBER YET?
CREATE YOUR ACCOUNT
Email
Username
Password
Confirm Password
Full Name
Date of Birth day/month/year
/
/
IMAGE CONTRIBUTION
SUBMIT AN IMAGE
Email*Image Title*Message*(Please tell us about your submission)FileEmailThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
OPEN CONTRIBUTION
SUBMIT A WRITING SAMPLE
Email*Title*Synopsis*(Please tell us about your submission)FileEmailThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.