Fixed Income Analyst at Silverdale Capital Pte Ltd | SpanJobs.com
The Premier JobSite for the Asia Pacific Region and India. All Jobs in Asia Pacific and India Now!
Fixed Income Analyst at Silverdale Capital Pte Ltd
Posted by: Silverdale Capital Pte Ltd
Posted date: 01-May
Job Description:Candidate Profile: -CFA or Chartered Accountant or MBA (Finance) from a top-tier business school or MA (Economics) or B. Tech. from top-tier engineering school or B.Sc. (Mathematics) Min. 2 years of hands-on experience of investing into fixed income securities and/or derivatives. Candidates with investment experience in investment grade corporate bonds of emerging markets would be preferred. -Financial modelling skills and multi-model valuation expertise is necessary candidates with basic programming skills would be preferred. -Excellent analytical skills and strong written and verbal communication skills, including the ability to construct and defend an investment recommendation. -Ability to be a team player, while at the same time exhibiting complete ownership of assigned tasks. Passionate about investing, comfortable with real life uncertainties and ability to manage tight timelines. -Candidates without any fixed income and/or credit derivatives investment experience are requested to refrain from applying.
Reporting to Chief Investment Officer and Team Leader.Desired Candidate ProfileCandidate Profile: -CFA or Chartered Accountant or MBA (Finance) from a top-tier business school or MA (Economics) or B. Tech. from top-tier engineering school or B.Sc. (Mathematics) Min. 2 years of hands-on experience of investing into fixed income securities and/or derivatives. Candidates with investment experience in investment grade corporate bonds of emerging markets would be preferred. -Financial modelling skills and multi-model valuation expertise is necessary candidates with basic programming skills would be preferred. -Excellent analytical skills and strong written and verbal communication skills, including the ability to construct and defend an investment recommendation. -Ability to be a team player, while at the same time exhibiting complete ownership of assigned tasks. Passionate about investing, comfortable with real life uncertainties and ability to manage tight timelines. -Candidates without any fixed income and/or credit derivatives investment experience are requested to refrain from applying.
Reporting to Chief Investment Officer and Team Leader.Experience Required: 2 to 7 Education Required: UG - B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization, B.Sc - Maths
PG - CA, MBA/PGDM - Finance, M.A - Economics
Doctorate - Doctorate Not Required
Post Details
Job Title
Fixed Income Analyst at Silverdale Capital Pte Ltd
Classification
Job Type
Location
Singapore
Country
Job Salary
null
Company and Contact Details
Company
Silverdale Capital Pte Ltd
Company Website
Company Profile
nullnull
|  |
|
|
Copyright © 2006 - 2014 SpanJobs.com Free India Jobs - The Number 1 Free Job Portal in India. All Rights Reserved
SpanJobs.com - The Number 1 Portal for India Jobs - Best Jobs in India and India Careers. India Jobs | Jobs in India | India Careers