Singapore protesters attack immigration, jobs policies - Yahoo Singapore Finance
Search
Search Web
Search for share prices
Tip : Use comma (,) to separate multiple quotes.
Singapore protesters attack immigration, jobs policiesAFP – Thu, May 1, 2014 7:25 PM SGT
Hundreds of Singaporeans rallied Thursday to denounce the government's immigration and labour policies amid a fresh wave of anti-foreigner sentiment in the city-state.Protesters, estimated by an AFP reporter to number around 400, wore black headbands with the words "Protect Singaporean Rights" in red as they chanted slogans against the long-ruling People's Action Party.Protest leader Gilbert Goh, an employment counsellor, said the rally was intended to display Singaporeans' continued dissatisfaction with the large foreign population in the city-state."When we speak up for the country, we are branded as xenophobes, " he told AFP. "I am doing all this for my country, I am willing to die for my country."Goh, however, dropped plans to ask rally participants to deface a poster of Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong after receiving a stern warning from the police.Singaporeans make up just over 60 percent of the country's 5.4 million population. Its low fertility rate forces the island republic to rely heavily on guest workers to power its affluent economy.The protest took place at a designed free-speech park amid a wave of attacks in social media directed at the Filipino community over a planned festival celebrating Philippine Independence Day in June along busy Orchard Road.Prime Minister Lee had denounced the abusive anti-Filipino attacks as the work of a few "trolls" and said people who harassed organisers of the planned event were "a disgrace to Singapore".Protester Richard Lim said at Thursday's rally that Singaporeans remain dissatisfied with the government's immigration policies despite restrictions on the intake of foreign workers and a reduction in the approval of permanent residency applications."You take the trains, you will know why we are still angry. Everywhere we go it is crowded. They don't listen to us when we say don't bring in any more foreigners!" said the 57-year-old security guard. Thursday's rally fell short of protests attended by several thousand people in early 2013 after the government published a policy paper indicating that the government was looking at a future population of 6.9 million.Critics accuse foreigners of competing with Singaporeans for jobs, housing and medical care as well as choking public transport even though the unemployment rate stands at just over two percent -- one of the lowest figures in the world.
Special Features1 - 4 of 25
Top Stories AP Morningstar Associated Press AFP Business Insider
Things To Do
YAHOO SINGAPORE FINANCE
Yahoo Products
Trending Now
/
Quotes are real-time for NASDAQ, NYSE, and NYSEAmex when available. See also delay times for . Quotes and other information supplied by independent providers identified on the Yahoo! Finance . Quotes are updated automatically, but will be turned off after 25 minutes of inactivity. Quotes are delayed at least 15 minutes. All information provided "as is" for informational purposes only, not intended for trading purposes or advice. Neither Yahoo! nor any of independent providers is liable for any informational errors, incompleteness, or delays, or for any actions taken in reliance on information contained herein. By accessing the Yahoo! site, you agree not to redistribute the information found therein.
Fundamental company data provided by . Historical chart data and daily updates provided by . International historical chart data and daily updates provided by .
Yahoo! News Network