14 tips to secure an Employment Pass in Singapore |
BLOG
+65-66816516
info@one-visa.com
English中文(简体)日本語
14 tips to secure an Employment Pass in Singapore
Singapore has one of the lowest unemployment rates in the world. As one of the healthiest job markets in the world today, Singapore is one of the best places in the world where you can work comfortably and be paid well for your services. Procuring the Employment Pass in Singapore is an indispensable tool to establishing one of the finest careers.
If you’re looking to
in Singapore, it is important for you to be well-acquainted with the technicalities and reduce the possibilities of errors. There can be many reasons that could lead to rejection of your application, so it is better to avoid making such technical errors.
The Ministry of Manpower in Singapore has come up with stringent policies to tighten the labor force. This means that the Employment Pass is likely to be issued only to the smartest of workers who are clear about the Employment Pass requirements.
You can increase the chances of obtaining the Employment Pass for the very first time by following some of the given principles:
1. Mention the designation clearly- If you’re planning to work in Singapore, it is time you start adapting to the highly transparent work mechanism followed there. There is no point short-selling yourself or concealing information. Choose the title that reflects your designation and is the most apt description.
2. Experience- When you’re heading towards Singapore, you know you’re going to compete with the Titans of your field. This makes it imperative for every Employment Pass applicant to have a relevant experience that gives his or her curriculum vita a strong edge. Do not forget to enclose a copy of your job description.
3. Degree in Singapore- Most industries in Singapore look for experience, but some industries additionally prefer candidates with a valid degree from a reputable Institution. People who have a degree from Singapore-based Institutes have a greater edge over the others while applying for the Employment Pass.
4. References- If you do not meet the formal qualifications or hold the requisite degrees required, having references from prominent companies can help in giving you a stronger edge over others.
5. Right salary- In an attempt to evade competition with local talent, the Ministry of Manpower has come up with requirements for a specific base salary. Having a salary below the said amount could lead to quick rejection of your application.
6. Nationality- ICA has defined that candidates from Tier-1 countries, which include USA, Australia, Europe and Malaysia, can secure the Employment Pass with greater ease.
7. Existing EP holders- Singapore usually issues new Employment Passes to candidates who are existing EP holders easily.
8. Company- While startups are likely to face problems with more formalities and issues, companies that have been operating for more than 3 years can easily procure the Employment Passes.
9. Industry specific- Employment Pass approval rates vary from one industry to another and some such industries have seen faster approval of Employment Passes.
10. Company Profile- Enclosing a copy of your business plan that includes your strategies for profile building can help you enhance your chances of approval.
11. No rejections- Past rejections can hinder your chances of obtaining the Employment Pass. In case you have a history of past rejections, it is better to work on the reasons for past rejection and build a very strong CV to get the application approved this time.
12. Appeals- Most applicants need to file an appeal and it is better to go prepared for the same. Prepare a backup plan and have your appeal filed on time so that you need not procrastinate the future proceedings for long.
13. Quotas- You need to examine your requirements properly and work towards the right quotas.
have stringent regulations, while the Employment Passes are usually free of quota restrictions.
14. Correct Work Pass- You may need to apply for a Letter of Consent and apply for the right work pass. Determine the type of Work Pass that appeases your requirements and be clear about the steps you need to undertake for procuring one.
It is advisable to have a word with your consultant and have the required documentation complete and ready. Do not leave things for the last moment and go prepared. Preparedness and greater level of organization can help you obtain the Employment Pass the very first time.
Share This
Leave a Reply
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Name *
Email *
Website
Try Some Maths First *
6 ×
= 6	 Comment You may use these HTML tags and attributes:
<a href="" title=""> <abbr title=""> <acronym title=""> <b> <blockquote cite=""> <cite> <code> <del datetime=""> <em> <i> <q cite=""> <strike> <strong>
Search
Search for:
Recent Post
ArchiveTags
Copyright © 2014 one-visa.com Singapore. All Rights Reserved.