Job Details - Global Medical Staffing
Anesthesiologist Employment OpportunityOnly licensed medical doctors qualify for this position
It's time to consider a move to the Lion City
We're now placing in Singapore and
we couldn't
be more thrilled! This means you have the opportunity to
practice
medicine in a different healthcare system; see new patients and
treat
new pathologies; and experience life in an incredible locale.We
have opportunities throughout Singapore for
board-certified Anesthesiologists. Experience in ICU anesthesiology is required. And with flexible schedules you'll have
time to
explore
all the iconic landmarks on the pristine shores and
tour all the
otherworldly islands off the coast. You must have US, Canadian, Australia, New Zealand or UK
specialist
qualifications. And 2-3-years experience post specialist qualifications
is required (three years experience max). Language skills in Mandarin are a
plus but NOT required. There's a minimum
2- to 3-year
commitment required. The hospital would prefer a Mandarin
speaker, but
it's not required. You'll receive airfare and a housing
allowance on
top of your monthly salary.Experience it
for
yourself. When you're not building your CV, you have a
stretched-out
land and a unique culture to endlessly explore. Give us a
call. There's
more to tell.
Call about this job: 800.760.3174
Job Details
Medical Specialty:
Anesthesiologist
Job Number:
2631-ANES-SG
Location:
Singapore
City/Region:
Singapore
Facility:
Hospital
All Inclusive:
No
Call:
Yes
Schedule:
M-F
Shift:
Varies
Patients/Day:
Varies
Board Status:
Board Certified
International
“Global Medical's service is excellent. I feel that the staff always takes a personal interest in my position and would do anything reasonable to help if a problem arose. The telephone calls to check on how things are going are always substantive and responsive.”
– Leonard Bentch, MD
“Working with Global medical gave me great insight into medicine in Australia. Don't miss out; it will be the highlight of your career!”
– Brian Doyle, M.D.
“I recommend this experience to anyone who is interested in broadening his or her medical horizons.”
– Gerard Ames, MD
“My experience with Global's U.S. locums has been excellent. Now, I'm working with Global to go to New Zealand.”
– Greg Matera, MD
Your Adventure Starts Here
Join our locum tenens community!
LocumSpheres e-Newsletter
Intrigue, insight, wit & wisdom for locums
Job Notifications
Stay up-to-date with our latest assignments
Global Medical Staffing3995 South 700 East, Suite 100Salt Lake City, Utah 84107 USALocal Phone: 801-365-0303U.S. Fax: 801-449-3237Int'l Fax: 801-449-3238
TOLL-FREE FROM THE U.S. & CANADA
1-866-858-6269 Domestic Placement
1-800-760-3174 International Placement
OUTSIDE THE U.S. & CANADA
for Toll-Free Numbers
Additional Information
Stay Connected