Foreigners will only create jobs for more Foreigners, just ask the PAP! | The Real Singapore
Main menu
FOREIGNERS WILL ONLY CREATE JOBS FOR MORE FOREIGNERS, JUST ASK THE PAP!
Post date: 1 May 2014 - 4:46pm
My fellow Singaporeans, after so many years of PAP saying we need foreign talents and foreigners create jobs for Singaporeans, it seems we all the obvious now, that foreigners create more jobs for foreigners, protectionism is the game that is being played out in Singapore.
Singaporeans are being discriminated in their own country, and the root cause is the PAP.
Yes it’s the PAP and no one else that created such stressful conditions to work in that we got a aging problem and low birth rate at the end of the spectrum.
If you still do not know what is going on and choose to vote for the PAP, your turn will come, where you will get retrenched and when you apply for jobs, you will either be discriminated because of your age or because of your nationality (SINGAPOREAN).
The PAP will always deny this because they disguise this issue as Xenophobic, choosey, no talent and what have you.
This is the same for previous issues like HDB is affordable, GST to help the poor, we need million dollar salary to prevent corruption.
The issue is not with the foreigners, look beneath the veil of deceit, that hidden hand that allowed such a policy to be passed on at our expense, is your life better after so many years, or are you worried about your future as a Singaporean in Singapore?
When the PAP uses the media to paint saying we need foreign talent, and today there are so many foreign talent that are here to take the jobs that you can do?
PAP is trying to make you weak and claim to help you by asking foreigners to take your jobs because you got no talent, is this rubbish?
You mean the jobs that foreigners are doing, no Singaporeans can do? If you think this is true, you are too dumb to understand that you are dumb!
This is your country and we need to unite and know what are the risks of having PAP running this country, like it’s their private business.
Today there is a labor day protest at Hong Lim Park from 4 -7 pm, show up my fellow Singaporeans!
Pass the message on to fellow Singaporeans, identify who is a threat to our livelihood in Singapore.
We suffer while they reap million dollar salary and screw you over, PAP is the root cause of this disaster, and they disguise it as “ xenophobia”
Love your country and defend it!
TROY
Tags:
Search form
Search
Search Our Site
Search
Copyright © 2014 TheRealSingapore.com.  All Rights Reserved