Apply for General Manager -Singapore -from £80k+ -
London, United Kingdom - Engineering - 896443 - Find a job, build a career
Jonathan Lee Recruitment
General Manager -Singapore -from £80k+ (896443) (Permanent)
Job location
- United Kingdom -- England
-- Greater London -- London
Salary
£/Annum
Company
Jonathan Lee Recruitment
Posted
01/05/2014 08:30
Reference
896443
We have an exciting opportunity to become the General Manager of our company in Singapore. You will report to the Group Board in the UK and lead and develop our activities in Asia. You are likely to be a Project Manager in an EPC or an Engineering Manager in a company providing equipment, products or special packages to the Oil, Gas and Petrochemical Industry.
OUR COMPANY:
We are a globally renowned designer and manufacturer of electric process heating and control systems. Our experience in the design of electric heaters for use in hazardous area locations is second to none. For both onshore and offshore applications we have the knowledge and expertise to produce equipment suitable for installation within the extreme environments commonly found in the Oil, Gas and Petrochemical industries. Our company in Singapore employs some 30 people involved in sales, proposals, design engineering and project engineering.
THE ROLE OF GENERAL MANAGER:
- Full PandL responsibility. - Develop the long term strategy. - Agree and monitor company and departmental KPI's and budgets. - Implement business objectives in pursuit of continued growth. - Develop a lean management approach to all areas of the business. - Ensure good communications with the UK head office and manufacturing facility. - Extensive travel throughout Asia.
SKILLS and ATTRIBUTES NEEDED BY OUR GENERAL MANAGER:
- Likely to have a Degree in a mechanical/electrical engineering discipline. - Experience in the Oil, Gas and Petrochemical Industry. - Strong project engineering management background. - Proven track record of leadership and management success. - Strong understanding of analysing financial reports and budgets. - Experience of working with Asian cultures an advantage. - Willing to relocate to Singapore.
THE BENEFITS:
The salary is anticipated to be negotiable from £80k+ plus a generous range of benefits. However, the agreement of terms is unlikely to be an obstacle in securing the right candidate.
APPLY NOW:
This is an urgent requirement and your CV will be forwarded to Clive Wadelin at our advising consultant`s, Jonathan Lee Recruitment, who will treat it in the strictest confidence and keep you closely informed on the progress of your application. Alternatively to discuss the General Manager (Singapore) opportunity call Clive quoting reference 896443/ RSJL on 01384 397555.
Apply for
General Manager -Singapore -from £80k+
Application Details
Want to apply faster?
[
•
]
Fields marked * are mandatory and must be completed.
* Upload your CV
If you are unable to upload a CV please tell us about your relevant experience in the box below.
Cover letter
Personal Details
Title
T
...
Ms
Miss
Mrs
Mr
Dr
Prof
* First name
F
* Last name
L
* Email address
E
Mobile phone
M
Home phone
H
Work phone
W
* Work eligibility
You need to indicate if you are eligible to apply for this vacancy located in the United Kingdom
I confirm that I am eligible to live and work in the United Kingdom
I am not currently eligible to live or work in the United Kingdom
I wish to receive a copy of this application
Powered by
•
•
© Copyright 2014