Senior Business Analyst - E-Commerce - Singapore job - I.T. & T jobs - Business Analyst job in Sydney - All Sydney - S2M.com.au
Login
Senior Business Analyst - E-Commerce - Singapore
Sydney
Senior Business Analyst - E-commerce - Singapore 3 month contract - Rate Negotiable
Award winning global agency is looking for an experienced, Senior Business Analyst with experience in eCommerce to join a high performing team of BA's. This role will have focus on the management of e-Commerce initiatives which support the overall web experience, with some travel require within the APAC region.   What you can expect:  • Create functional requirements based for functional and none functional business requirements • Maintain project plans to track project status • Working with the Project Manager and other Analysts to ensure that all requirements related to the work plan are communicated, executed and tracked to completion. • Work with the creative designers and technical teams to proactively identify the areas where technical challenges or constraints may create challenges to the solution based on knowledge of the requirements
• Manage oversight of the workload of a fast paced E-Commerce team and brand communities. • Provide a framework for the team to use for the requirements review and prioritization sessions
• Analysing decomposition of business processes • Planning the design of the systems to support these business processes • Executing system unit and integration testing of business systems software • Making changes in configuration based on results and error resolution   The skills and experience you'll need: • Strong BA background with track record of delivering detailed functional specifications (mandatory) • Experience of E-Commerce in insurance or financial services industry (mandatory) • At least 3 years consulting experience
• Ability to understand, communicate, and manage across the entire project lifecycle
• Strong problem identification and analytical skills
• Ability to effectively interact with stake holders
• Experience with process mapping and process redesign • Language skills in Mandarin would be a massive plus though not essential
For more information on this role please contact Chris Bamber on 02 9228 9000. To find out about other opportunities S2M have available, check out our website www.s2m.com.au
Industry: Other
Sector: Private
Profession:
I.T. & T
Work Type:
Contract
Role: Business Analyst
Reference Number: 1405-5
Nearest Transport:
Contact Details:
Listed:
1 May 2014
Job Title
Senior Business Analyst - E-Commerce - Singapore
Worktype
Contract
Classification
I.T. & T
Sub Classification
Business Analyst
Location/Area
Sydney / All Sydney
Residents Only
Only People with the right to work in Australia / New Zealand may apply for this
position.
Interested in this job?
Want to see more jobs?
Share this Job
Notes
No notes
Add Note
Please enter your details below and you will be redirected to the application
First Name:
Last Name:
Email Address:
Email address is a required field
Invalid email address
I would like to receive email alerts for new jobs matching my search criteria.
You must accept the Terms and Conditions
|
|
|
|
|
|
|