Head of Reward Management job in Singapore | Job ID: 948299 | oil and gas Job Search
Head of Reward Management job in Singapore
Rate
Type
Permanent
Location
Singapore
Region
Town
Required Residency
Posted By
Date Posted
1 May 2014
Expiry Date
29 May 2014
Job Reference
JP0600
Job Description
Business Area
International Human Resources
Direct Reports
Reward Manager
Reports To
Head of International HR
Location
Singapore (initial 6-9 months will be in Qatar before relocating to Singapore on permanent basis)
Contract Type
Indefinite
Function and Business Area Purpose
Chiyoda Corporation’s International Human Resources Company has been set up to create the fundamental growth-through-people platform and underpinning organisational capabilities for Chiyoda’s overall transformation from a Japan-centric to a globally-competitive EPC. The goal of the International HR Company is to “Build Tomorrow Today”.
Main Accountabilities
Start up
Strengthen and standardise Compensation & Benefits Management across Regional & Subsidiary Company clusters, increasing speed and reducing complications of contracting / seconding people internationally.
Global Jobs System& Career Mobility
Build a clear and visible Global Job Families Classification system to provide a consistent and internationally-recognised structure for Chiyoda’s job levels, market benchmarks, career structures and progression ladders, in close liaison with Talent Acquisition and Talent Development.
Standardise system of Job Sizing and a shared Grading Structure across the global business as the common platform for cross-border compensation and benefits, represented by Role Profiles and titles that are in a common SIMPLE format that is recognised across the global organisation.
Participate in multiple Compensation Surveys, and in parallel, systematically gather pay intelligence from industry networks and contacts, for all markets and industry sectors / businesses that Chiyoda will operate in, or recruit from.
Maintain Benchmark Job Pricing against these multiple data sources; ensure that benchmark jobs are competitively priced against industry comparators from local, regional and employee source country economies, and continuously captured in Chiyoda’s own Global Pay & Benefits Database.
Design Salary and benefits structures that maximise value for Chiyoda and for its employees (including flexible and 'menu' benefits, non-financial rewards) within each country, to be applied locally via the global grading structure.
Leverage employee benefits through the worldwide 'buying power' of Chiyoda to gain maximum economy/service levels from global medical/insurance coverage and other consumer goods/services opportunities.
Develop and maintain the salary and allowances / uplift structures for international hires, secondments, transfers or assignments through a ‘Balance Sheet’ approach of base or core package plus allowances, calculated against market rates, industry competitor norms, cost of living indices and tax bases in assigned and recruitment source countries, to maximise / facilitate global mobility.
Performance & Incentives
Ensure, in close collaboration with Talent Development, that Performance Management is used to measure achievement of objectives, as well as to plan development opportunities and assess growth in individual competency, in order to determine salary progression, influence promotions, and to allocate bonus.
Where market-appropriate and with a demonstrable impact on productivity / goal attainment, design bonus and incentive schemes awarded on measurable criteria, in the form of short-term incentive, profit-sharing or long term incentive plans to be developed, proposed and put into operation, and regularly reviewed for effectiveness.
Consolidate or establish 'spot' Performance Recognition and Reward Awards programme, process, budgeting and manager guidance.
Key Positions, Key People
Ensure that critical positions for Chiyoda capability and performance are closely monitored and proactively managed from a Reward perspective
Ensure that the career steps for International Graduate Entry and Transfer into the qualified workforce are calibrated against market to retain staff and preserve the value of Chiyoda’s training investment.
Develop the remuneration steps and ongoing progression basis for contracted staff selected as core Chiyoda Global Resources and retained as permanent members of the global workforce.
Compensation Services & Company Support
Support Group Subsidiary Companies on compensation structures and practice issues particular to their local situation.
Ensure that Compensation Plans and modelling (increments, bonuses) are automated and shared with direct managers.
Ensure that Employees are made aware of true economic and competitive value of their personal package through individual compensation value statements.
HR Integration
Intensively educate managers in the principles, tools and processes of reward and compensation & benefits management with centralised Reward Management 'hand-holding' through new process cycles until capabilities and mindsets align with international standards for managing diverse workforces.
Finalise internal recharging mechanisms/service fees to preserve the overall competitiveness of Chiyoda front-end operations. Evaluate embedding of Reward Management / Payroll Support in any proposed Shared Service Centre concept.
Strongly coordinate work and process / data exchanges and hand-offs with other International HR functions to ensure that all HR activities operate as integral parts of a shared system.
Technical Skills / Competencies
Demonstrated Organisation- / Enterprise-level understanding of Reward Management methodologies and tools within an EPC-Industry and broader organisational development context.
Demonstrated understanding of differing employee aspirations related to career stage, family circumstances, age group, cultural characteristics and work motivators, and of how to customise/flex reward package content to leverage from such perceived value differences in order to optimise Business Results.
Advanced operational & strategic knowledge of integrated HR.
Educated or experienced to degree standard, preferably with recognised HR qualification.
Knowledge, Expertise and Experience
Understanding of HR strategy and process for business execution and business transformation.
Understanding of HR operations and people processes in Engineering, Procurement & Construction (EPC) or similar industry.
Relevant HR experience gathered in senior generalist and/or functional lead roles.
Experience of Human Resources Management System (HRMS) implementation and operation
Understanding of Global HR standards & their operationalisation
HR Leadership experience of working in International environments and appreciation of diverse market dynamics and cultures.
International HR Guiding Behaviours
The guiding behaviours provide a framework for how we in International HR work together, and how we will serve our customers and the interests of Chiyoda Corporation Globalisation objectives and programmes
Business Results Focus
Listening
Valuing Difference
Counselling
Communicating
Collaborating
Leading
Delivering
Qualifications
Bachelors Degree or equivalent, Professional Body Membership or equivalent
Find Related oil and gas Jobs
Latest Chiyoda Almana Engineering Jobs
Related Job Searches
© 2014 Copyright Oil and Gas Job Search.com Limited :: Part of The Jobsearch Group
Follow us
--Web2--