Lead Material and Welding Engineer
Lead Material and Welding Engineer
Location:  Singapore
Salary:  negotiableAmoria Bond is pleased to offer a unique opportunity within a well-reputed, multinational Oil & Gas company who requires a Lead Material and Welding Engineer. This role will be primarily based in Singapore on a permanent basis.
The successful candidate will have a minimum of 12 years of experience within the Oil and Gas industry and a career background focused metallic materials. The ideal candidate should be conversant in material and welding industry codes ( Nace/ API 6A/ 17D/ ASME IX/ AWS D1.1) and is experienced in material selection for oilfield pressure containment application. The candidate should also have experience using codes associated to NDT ( UT/ RT/ MTI) . Additionally, good general knowledge on metal corrosion and its protection is welcomed.
One of the key functions of the role will be to provide technical support related to materials, coating and welding while ensuring that projects meet specifications and standards.
If you are motivated to develop a real specialism in respect to material and welding
within an organization with multiple avenues for career progression, then this opportunity is definitely something to seriously take a look at.
Salaries will be dependant on skill set and experience but will be competitive.
If you are available immediately and would like further information on this role please forward your CV for immediate consideration to charlotte . chicv @ amoriabond . com
Amoria Bond operates as an employment agency and employment business. No terminology in this advert is intended to discriminate on the grounds of age, and we confirm that we are happy to accept applications from persons of any age for this role.
Please check the job details, then fill in your details below and click "Submit now".* Indicates a required field.
Your Details
First Name *
Last Name *
Email *
Phone Number(s)Work: Home/Mobile/Cell:
Address
Please attach your CV/Résumé *
Existing CV
Please state whether you are currently eligible to work (work permit/visa/citizenship) in the country to which you are applying: *
Yes
No