Crowdsourcing - Bilingual - Contractor in SG-SG-Singapore at Appen
Career & Contract Opportunities
Find Career & Contract Opportunities with Appen
Check out these current opportunities:
Search Careers
>
>
>
>
Crowdsourcing - Bilingual - Contractor
Crowdsourcing - Bilingual - Contractor
Singapore, SG
Job Snapshot
Employee Type:
Full-Time
Location:
Singapore, SG
Job Type:
Information Technology
Experience:
Not Specified
Date Posted:
4/25/2014
Not ready to apply, but want to stay up-to-date in future job openings?
Stay Connected to Appen
Job Description
Crowdsourcing - Bilingual – Contractor
Interested in becoming a part of something big? We’ve got just the thing for you!
Appen’s Global Crowdsourcing Network is exactly the way it sounds: an online community of people from every corner of the world coming together to create something huge. We love our crowd; they are an amazingly diverse group of individuals. In fact they are the reason we think crowdsourcing is a truly awesome endeavor. They are students and professionals, mothers and veterans, teachers and gamers. Each one has something unique to contribute to the crowd.
But what is it that they contribute to?
Crowdsourcing runs on the belief that many heads are better than one. Instead of obtaining ideas or opinions from a small number of employees, our crowd utilizes the internet to help researchers collect data that is used in projects ranging from audio transcription to user experience and content evaluation. This mix of so many different people also means that the results are of exceptional quality and help our clients’ products to become even better.
Your life comes first!
Appen believes that work is only a part of life, not all of it. Our crowd works when they want, for how long they want from the comfort of, well, wherever they want! This means there are no time commitments, no quotas, just you.
We have opportunities available all over the world, and they're waiting for you! Don’t hesitate another moment; apply today!
Job Requirements
Crowdsourcing - Country – Language
FAQ’s:
What are the differences between Appen web evaluation work and Appen crowdsourcing work?
All work is provided via an online tool, which allows contractors to complete tasks from wherever they can find an internet connection in their country.
Work is done at your own pace, with no requirement of a minimum number of hours or tasks completed.
All guidelines are available in the tool.
No training is provided. It’s that easy!
No technical support is provided.
How will I get paid for this task and what about taxes?
Each task is assigned a rate per HIT. This rate varies by complexity of the task, but typically ranges from $0.01 - $0.15 per HIT submitted. These tasks can quickly add up.
Once you have earned a minimum of $50 USD, payment will be made monthly via PayPal. More details will be provided upon acceptance of this opportunity.
As an independent contractor, you are responsible for all taxes
If you are selected for a project you will receive a contract sent to you in a separate email. Once you have signed it, you will be given instructions as to how to proceed. You are not required to submit a resume for this particular project, however if you do, you may be selected for other types of projects.
Not ready to apply?
Check out our similar jobs
|
|
|
Stay Connected
Share With
http://www.jobs.net/jobs/appen/en-us/job/Singapore/Crowdsourcing-Bilingual-Contractor/J3H72P605XHKM1YGLRL/
New Career Opportunity! Appen has an opening for a Crowdsourcing - Bilingual - Contractor in Singapore, SG. Find out more: {{url}}http://www.jobs.net/jobs/appen/en-us/job/Singapore/Crowdsourcing-Bilingual-Contractor/J3H72P605XHKM1YGLRL/
Get alerts by joining our Talent Network
What is the Talent Network?
Joining our Talent Network will enhance your job search and application process. Whether you choose to apply or just
leave your information, we look forward to staying connected with you.
Receive alerts with new job opportunities that match your interests
Receive relevant communications and updates from our organization
Share job opportunities with family and friends through Social Media or email