Develop better workers, jobs to honour pioneers: PM Lee | TODAYonline
Singapore Weather Min. 25° | Max. 33°
Air Quality: PSI 49-57
We set you thinking
Wednesday 7 May 2014
Main menu
Newstream
Singapore
Develop better workers, jobs to honour pioneers: PM Lee
Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong. TODAY file photo
He calls on employers, workers, unions to build on that generation’s achievements
comments
Published: May 1, 4:13 AM
(Page 1 of 2) -
|
SINGAPORE — Invoking the spirit of the Pioneer Generation, who overcame great odds to set the Republic on its path of development, Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong in his May Day message yesterday called on workers and employers to do their part to
help create a better Singapore for future generations.“Developing better workers and creating better jobs is our collective responsibility,” said Mr Lee. Each tripartite partner must do its part: Workers must make the effort to train and upgrade themselves. Employers must invest in workers, develop their skills and make full use of their talents.
“Only then will the Government’s programmes bear fruit. By working together, we strengthen our model of tripartism and keep it our lasting competitive advantage.”Harking back to the early nation-building years when industrial relations were rocky, Mr Lee added: “In the unions, many pioneers fought the Communists and worked with the Government to foster constructive labour-management relations, build a competitive economy and deliver better lives for all. “Let us honour them by upholding their spirit, building on their achievements and creating an even better Singapore for our children.”Today, the Republic is undergoing a major transition, with the economy upgrading qualitatively and expanding less quickly than before, Mr Lee noted. He added that the economy did well last year — growing by 4.1 per cent — and wages and household incomes rose broadly. The expected economic growth of between 2 and 4 per cent this year is typical of a maturing economy, he said. Amid the transition, the Government’s goal of improving the lives of Singaporeans is constant, Mr Lee said. To that end, an important strategy is to train better workers and create better jobs, he added. “This is the only sustainable way to raise wages.” The Government has been strengthening social safety nets to give Singaporeans greater peace of mind, Mr Lee noted. He cited the proposed MediShield Life scheme and the expanded Community Health Assist Scheme that will help Singaporeans meet their medical needs. Permanent goods and services tax vouchers will offset daily expenses, while larger education and pre-school subsidies will benefit all families, especially the lower-income, he added.
(Page 1 of 2) -
|
Pages1
comments
Related news
6 days 12 hours ago
Inside Singapore
The MostSingapore
READ
COMMENTED
Inside Today
Copyright 2014 © MediaCorp Press Ltd. All Rights Reserved