Director Of Finance Job In
- Hilton Hotels - Accounting / Finance, Cool Jobs, Hotel / Resort / Lodging, Hospitality Career
Candidate registration Employer registration
Forgot password
Sign in Candidate registration
Sign in Candidate registration
Sign in Employer registration
|
text.subscribe:
Director Of Finance
Employer:
Job Ref:
FIN013AV
Industry:
Accounting / Finance
Cool Jobs
Hotel / Resort / Lodging
Hospitality
Job Type:
Full Time
Country:
Singapore
City:
Singapore
Post Date:
02/10/2014 08:13 PM
As Director of Finance, you will lead the Finance department and associated operations such that account management, reporting, and interdepartmental and vendor relations are managed to optimise the hotels profitability. What will it be like to work for this Hilton Worldwide Brand? Smart luxury is at the core of everything Conrad Hotels & Resorts does. We offer our guests one-of-a-kind experiences, service that is intuitive and connections to people and places near or far. We are the destination of a new generation of global travelers for whom life, business, and pleasure seamlessly intersect. People who know that the greatest luxury is the luxury of being yourself. If you understand what it is like to juggle life, business, and pleasure and know how to bring a sense of luxury to that type of travel experience, you may be just the person we are looking for to work as a Team Member with Conrad Hotels & Resorts. Because it's with Conrad Hotels & Resorts where we promise our Guests the luxury of just being themselves. What will I be doing? You will be responsible for performing the following tasks (but not limited) to the highest standards:
Ensure that Finance team is providing month end closing and all other required management reports
Work with the Finance Manager(s)/General/Hotel Manager to provide full and accurate forecasting and budgeting proposals within the hotel
Prepare capital reviews as required by the General/Hotel Manager and/or Accounting and Finance Departments
Develop best practice financial accounting and control procedures and continually review the process and procedures to maximise impact and efficiency
Ensure the balance sheets are a fair reflection of the assets and liabilities of the hotels
Lead monthly finance update meetings with General Manager/Hotel team
Comply with Hilton Worldwide policies and procedures across the area, maximising performance on the Finance Balanced Scorecard
Act in accordance with fire, health and safety regulations and follow the correct procedures when required
Review regularly the balance sheets, ensure reconciliations are performed of all cluster hotels controlled accounts and explain all balances even if reconciled elsewhere
Assist Heads of the Department to improve their financial awareness and provide them with relevant financial information for their operations
Serve your role and Team in an environmentally-conscience manner
What are we looking for? A Director of Finance serving Hilton Worldwide Brand hotels and vacations is always working on behalf of our Guests and working with other Team Members. To successfully fill this role, you should maintain the attitude, behaviors, skills, and values that follow:
Relevant degree, in Finance or related business discipline, from an academic institution
Previous experience in a similar role
Organisation, planning skills and the ability to prioritise
Rigorous commitment to accuracy and detail
Negotiation and influencing skills
Effective management skills (upwards and downwards) and the willingness to coach and train others
Positive attitude and excellent communication skills
It would be advantageous in this position for you to demonstrate the following capabilities and distinctions:
Knowledge of commercial business, specially as it relates to hotel management
Previous experience in the hospitality industry
Experience with the PeopleSoft system
What benefits will I receive?
Your benefits will include a competitive starting salary and holiday entitlement. As an employee you will become a member of the The Hilton Club which provides reduced hotel room rates in our hotels worldwide, plus discounts on products and services offered by Hilton Worldwide and its partners. We look forward to explaining in detail the range of excellent benefits that you would expect from a global hotel organization like Hilton Worldwide. Learn more now about Conrad Hotels & Resorts --- where you'll enjoy the luxury of being yourself. A high-profile destination
More than doubling the number of Conrad properties by 2014Conrad Hotels & Resorts celebrates 25 years of success in the hospitality industry
Action
Featured jobs
|
Boulder
|
Anchorage / Remote Locations
|
Steamboat Springs
|
San Francisco
|
Phoenix
Featured employers
Industry Guides:
Employment:
Company Info:
Copyright © 1999 - 2014 JobMonkey, Inc. All rights reserved.