S$30 million to expand programme helping the disabled with employment | TODAYonline
Singapore Weather Min. 25° | Max. 33°
Air Quality: PSI 49-57
We set you thinking
Wednesday 7 May 2014
Main menu
Newstream
Singapore
S$30 million to expand programme helping the disabled with employment
Singapore's Central Business District skyline. TODAY file photo
The Open Door Programme will fund employers in areas such as job redesign and training to accommodate the needs of those with disabilities
comments
By
-
Published: April 24, 7:52 PM
Updated: April 24, 7:53 PM
SINGAPORE – The Government is setting aside S$30 million to expand a programme aimed at helping persons with disabilities with employment. Called the Open Door Programme (ODP), it will fund employers in areas such as job redesign, training, and helping the workforce learn how to interact with and accommodate their colleagues with special needs. A free online recruitment portal will also be launched to connect jobseekers with disabilities with companies looking to hire them.
An expansion of the Open Door Fund launched in 2007 by the Workforce Development Authority, the ODP is expected to benefit about 4,000 persons with disabilities. Since 2007, the fund, which supported workplace or job modifications to suit new hires with disabilities, has been tapped on by 350 companies, which in turn created 1,300 job opportunities for persons with disabilities.“SG Enable tells me that more companies are now interested in hiring persons with disabilities … to take advantage of this rising interest, we have decided to provide employers and persons with disabilities better job and training support,” said Minister of Social and Family Development Chan Chun Sing
today (April 24) at the Enabling Employers Awards Gala Dinner, where individuals and companies were recognised for their efforts in strengthening the employment landscape of those with disabilities.Instead of just supporting new hires, it will be extended to provide job redesign, workplace accommodation and training for existing employees “to help them stay in their job”. The funding cap of S$100,000 per company has also been removed.On the jobseekers’ end, the ODP will support pre-employment training to help people with disabilities become better conditioned to work, as well as vocational training. Mr Chan cited the example of a food and beverage company currently working with SG Enable to carve out parts of the food preparation process that persons with disabilities can handle well. One such role, he said, could be in making mashed potatoes. “The best mash potatoes, I heard, are made by hand,” he quipped.
comments
Related news
1 week 5 days ago
>
1 month 2 weeks ago
Inside Singapore
The MostSingapore
READ
COMMENTED
Inside Today
Copyright 2014 © MediaCorp Press Ltd. All Rights Reserved