Discussion Forum | Your Say | REACH
Discussion Forum
- Welcome to the !
-  is out now!
In This Section
Discussion Forum
Find us on
>
>
|
Discussion Forum
30 Apr 2014, 6.56PM
by REACH Administrator
|
Developing better workers and creating better jobs is our collective responsibility. Each tripartite partner must do their part: Workers must make the effort to train and upgrade themselves. Employers must invest in workers, develop their skills, and make full use of their talents. Only then will the Government’s programmes bear fruit. By working together, we strengthen our model of tripartism, and keep it our lasting competitive advantage,” said Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong in his May Day Message 2014.
The full message below:
May Day Message 2014 by Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong
Singapore is undergoing a major transition. Our economy is upgrading qualitatively, and expanding less quickly than before. Last year we did well: Growth was 4.1%, and wages and household incomes rose broadly. This year we expect to grow 2-4%, which is typical of a maturing economy.
We are strengthening our social safety nets to give Singaporeans more peace of mind. MediShield Life and the expanded Community Health Assist Scheme (CHAS) will help Singaporeans meet their medical needs. Permanent GST Vouchers will offset daily expenses. Larger education and pre-school subsidies will benefit all families, especially the lower-income. The Pioneer Generation Package will honour and help the seniors who started us on this nation-building journey.
Amidst this transition, our goal remains constant: To improve Singaporeans’ lives. An important strategy is to develop better workers and create better jobs. This is the only sustainable way to raise wages. We are upgrading workers’ skills by investing heavily in Continuous Education and Training (CET). We have built two new CET Institutes – the Devan Nair Institute for Employment and Employability in Jurong, and the Lifelong Learning Institute in Paya Lebar. They will enable more workers to upgrade themselves and advance their careers.
We are also creating better jobs for Singaporeans. This year’s Budget included generous incentives to help companies raise productivity. We are also attracting high-quality investments. Lucasfilm has set up its Sandcrawler base in Singapore, producing thrilling digital movies for audiences worldwide.
ExxonMobil just opened its second cracker on Jurong Island. We are collaborating with neighbouring countries to create more opportunities overseas, whether in Iskandar Malaysia, our G-to-G projects in China, or one of the five Vietnam-Singapore Industrial Parks. We are also expanding our export markets through several free trade agreements with the European Union and our Trans-Pacific partners.
Developing better workers and creating better jobs is our collective responsibility. Each tripartite partner must do their part: Workers must make the effort to train and upgrade themselves. Employers must invest in workers, develop their skills, and make full use of their talents. Only then will the Government’s programmes bear fruit. By working together, we strengthen our model of tripartism, and keep it our lasting competitive advantage.
Our Pioneer Generation overcame long odds to set Singapore on the path to development. In the unions, many pioneers fought the Communists and worked with the Government to foster constructive labour management relations, build a competitive economy and deliver better lives for all. Let us honour them by upholding their spirit, building on their achievements and creating an even better Singapore for our children.
I wish all Singaporeans a Happy May Day!
Source: NTUC U Portal - May Day Message 2014 by Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong
0 people like this
|
276 views  |  3 comments & replies  |
Sort By :
Newest
Most LIKED
Most Comments/Replies
Laser Sharp2 May 2014, 10.18AM
Well, as the recent reports say. Almost 40% of the Singapore Population is not Local. So 60% with 20% Pioneer generation/Baby boomers/
10% of children and teens. we left with 30% working adults. 5% housewife (voluntarily/involuntarily) we only have 25% Local work force. So our ratio of 25% work force against a almost 40% foreign work force. chances are we will lose out for opportunities to Job advancement, training opportunities and career options. Singapore is the first country in the work that have as much foreigners working against its local. We are first again....
|  0 people like this
Lau KS2 May 2014, 1.21AM
What better jobs? Better jobs for who? Who are really the better workers? Who is to decide on all these? Solve the existing problems first. No point creating better jobs for others. No point telling us to upgrade and then reject us on our age. On one hand increasing our retirement age and on the other hand, employers are preferring the younger foreign labour.Get these mess clear up first. Want us to work longer and upgrade, then give us our dues and fighting chance. Why should there be CPF cuts, which meant overall income reduce, just because of our age. Are we not capable enough for the job? If we are, then, why the cut?
It is pointless upgrading if the employers Don't even want to consider your qualification, but are rejecting you on your age. So talk is easy, show us that you meant it.
|  0 people like this
Janvier Lee30 Apr 2014, 9.13PM
For me, it is highly unlikely that I will do my best in my job.Once bitten twice shy and I will not trust the government anymore with my effort, more than 6 hours overtime each day, attending more than 20 training courses
. . . that failed to pay -off.Well, let's see if the company can match my past salary with incremental rate on those years lost, then I will consider.
|  0 people like this
Read our
and
before
you begin!
Also in this Category
Available Categories
Latest Discussions
Latest Archive
Last updated on 6 May 2014
Copyright © 2014 REACH. All rights reserved.
Best viewed at 1024*768 resolution with IE 7.0 or FireFox 3.0
|
|