Our ‘collective responsibility’ to develop better workers, create better jobs: PM Lee | TODAYonline
Wednesday 7 May 2014
newstream
Newstream
Singapore
Our ‘collective responsibility’ to develop better workers, create better jobs: PM Lee
Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong. TODAY file photo
You are here ›
The Prime Minister’s May Day message calls on workers and employers to play their part in creating a better Singapore
comments
Published: April 30, 6:00 PM
Updated: April 30, 6:11 PM
SINGAPORE — Invoking the spirit of the Pioneer Generation which overcame great odds and helped set the nation on the path of development, Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong’s May Day speech today (April 30) called on workers and employers to do their part and help create a better Singapore for future generations.
Though many of Singapore’s pioneers had come from other lands, Mr Lee in his message recalled how they came together to battle the Communists and worked with the Government to foster constructive labour-management relations. It was their efforts that built a competitive economy that meant better lives for all, he said.
Today, as Singapore builds on the efforts of the Pioneer Generation, it needs to remember that “developing better workers and creating better jobs is our collective responsibility,” said Mr Lee.
“Each tripartite partner must do their part: Workers must make the effort to train and upgrade themselves. Employers must invest in workers, develop their skills, and make full use of their talents.
“Only then will the Government’s programmes bear fruit. By working together, we strengthen our model of tripartism, and keep it our lasting competitive advantage,” he said.
Mr Lee’s May Day message in full:
“Singapore is undergoing a major transition. Our economy is upgrading qualitatively, and expanding less quickly than before. Last year we did well: Growth was 4.1%, and wages and household incomes rose broadly. This year we expect to grow 2-4%, which is typical of a maturing economy.
We are strengthening our social safety nets to give Singaporeans more peace of mind. MediShield Life and the expanded Community Health Assist Scheme (CHAS) will help Singaporeans meet their medical needs. Permanent GST Vouchers will offset daily expenses. Larger education and pre-school subsidies will benefit all families, especially the lower-income. The Pioneer Generation Package will honour and help the seniors who started us on this nation-building journey.
Amidst this transition, our goal remains constant: To improve Singaporeans’ lives. An important strategy is to develop better workers and create better jobs. This is the only sustainable way to raise wages.
We are upgrading workers’ skills by investing heavily in Continuous Education and Training (CET). We have built two new CET Institutes – the Devan Nair Institute for Employment and Employability in Jurong, and the Lifelong Learning Institute in Paya Lebar. They will enable more workers to upgrade themselves and advance their careers.
We are also creating better jobs for Singaporeans. This year’s Budget included generous incentives to help companies raise productivity. We are also attracting high-quality investments. Lucasfilm has set up its Sandcrawler base in Singapore, producing thrilling digital movies for audiences worldwide. ExxonMobil just opened its second cracker on Jurong Island. We are collaborating with neighbouring countries to create more opportunities overseas, whether in Iskandar Malaysia, our G-to-G projects in China, or one of the five Vietnam-Singapore Industrial Parks. We are also expanding our export markets through several free trade agreements with the European Union and our Trans-Pacific partners.
Developing better workers and creating better jobs is our collective responsibility. Each tripartite partner must do their part: Workers must make the effort to train and upgrade themselves. Employers must invest in workers, develop their skills, and make full use of their talents. Only then will the Government’s programmes bear fruit. By working together, we strengthen our model of tripartism, and keep it our lasting competitive advantage.
Our Pioneer Generation overcame long odds to set Singapore on the path to development. In the unions, many pioneers fought the Communists and worked with the Government to foster constructive labour-management relations, build a competitive economy and deliver better lives for all. Let us honour them by upholding their spirit, building on their achievements and creating an even better Singapore for our children.
I wish all Singaporeans a Happy May Day!”
comments
Related news
6 days 2 hours ago
The MostSingapore
READ
COMMENTED
Inside
Today
Copyright ©2012 MediaCorp Press Ltd. All Rights Reserved