Accountant (Contract to Permanent)
Accountant (Contract to Permanent)
Location:  Singapore
Salary:  CompetitiveThe CompanyOur client is a French MNC in the FMCG industry and they are currently looking for an Accountant to join their team. The RoleAs an Accountant, you will be responsible for the full spectrum of the GL function. You will be involved in month-end and year end closing finance activities, preparing journal entries, financial statements and supporting schedules. You will review and check bank reconciliations and liaise with auditors and bankers. You will also prepare the quarterly GST submissions, filing of corporate tax returns and liaise with the tax agents on all corporate tax issues. You will be managing two to three accounts payable executives and reviewing their work on a regular basis. In terms of inventory accounting, you will be involved in the preparation of month end inventory reports and coordinating with the Supply Chain Department for inventory closing. You may need to liaise with the Corporate Secretary from time to time on resolutions and filing. Your ProfileYou should possess at least a Degree in Accounting and have at least 5 years of relevant accounting experience, with emphasis on the GL function. Prior working experience in FMCG companies will be highly advantageous. You will need to have good Excel skills and communication skills and be able to work in a fast-paced and dynamic environment. You will need to have supervisory experience and SAP experience will be required for the role. You will need to be immediately available or be available on a short notice. Apply TodayPlease send your resume, in WORD format only and quote reference number BL11209, by clicking the apply button. Please note that only short-listed candidates will be contacted.
Please check the job details, then fill in your details below and click "Submit now".* Indicates a required field.
Your Details
First Name *
Last Name *
Email *
Phone Number(s)Work: Home/Mobile/Cell:
Address
Please attach your CV/Résumé *
Existing CV
Please state whether you are currently eligible to work (work permit/visa/citizenship) in the country to which you are applying: *
Yes
No