Project Sales Manager and Sales Coordinator Jobs in Lahore, Pakistan | JI138224
Job Seeker Login:
|
If you're looking to post a job or searching resumes, go to our employer website
Project Sales Manager and Sales Coordinator Jobs in Lahore, Pakistan
Job Functional Area
Job Title
Project Sales Manager and Sales Coordinator
Job Location
,
Posted on
May 04, 2014
Job Description
GALAXIE, a fast growing LED lights company requires the services of following motivated and task oriented individual for its Lahore Office.
1- Project Sales Manager: (M/F)
- Graduate preferably MBA/Masters
2- Sales Coordinator (Female)
- Masters qualified.
- Must be expert in the report writing.Apply Instructions for This Job
Please send your CV with full confidence at:
E-mail:
Ph: 042-37024495, 36100024Find Similar Jobs Required IT Sales Professionals:
An Iso certified company requires Corporate IT Sales executives with UAE experience for its IT division.
Attractive salary + commiss ... excellent verbal and written communication skills, Possess exceptional interpersonal, communication, organizational and customer service skills.
Have
... sports show room.
- Required applicant from (Indonesia, Nepal & Philippines)
- Experience in Sales
- NOC from Sponsor
- Knowledge of Arabic is an advantage
... in this role, a candidate with a technical background is needed. I Strong sales experience is crucial, technical capabilities and commercial acumen is I a must ... material standards, certifications and hazardous classifications.
The applicant should:
Be able to demonstrate the ability to work independently as well as in a
...
More Jobs
, Find Relevant Functional Area Jobs, , , ,
* Your Full Name:
* Your Email Address:
* Friends' Email Addresses:
[Separate email addresses with comma, max 3 emails at a time]
Job Title:
Project Sales Manager and Sales Coordinator
Add Note (Optional):
Log in to save this job, and find the jobs you saved already! If you are new at Careermidway.com, please
Email Address:
Password:
Enter your email address. You will receive a notification email with details on login information.
Enter email address
Post Comments on this Job
Relevant comments on this job are highly appreciated.
Please use personal name or nickname rather keywords in the name field.
Comments filling the fields with anchor text to spam this site and search engines may be edited, have URLs removed, or deleted entirely.
Your Name:
Your Email:
Show Email:
Check this to show your email address alongwith your name/comments.
Your Comments:
Enter Code*:
International Jobs
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
© Copyright 2014 All rights reserved Careermidway.com
|
|
|
|