PhD Graduate - Digital IC Design, Singapore with IC Resources Ltd | 1401389590
Recruiters
Jobseekers
PhD Graduate - Digital IC Design, Singapore
Recruiter
IC Resources Ltd
Posted
29 April 2014
Closes
27 May 2014
Ref
J22959
Contact
Caroline Pye
Location
Singapore
Job Function
Specialist Area
Contract Type
Hours
Salary
Salary plus relocation
Further information
PhD Graduate - Digital IC Design, Singapore
This is a superb opportunity for a highly qualified (PhD) candidate with experience in digital SoC design to join a world leading Singapore based R&D; organisation.
In this role you will be responsible for digital integrated circuit activities for applications in Biomedical, MEMS and other digital design areas.
The successful applicant will be PhD qualified (or equivalent) in a relevant Science/Engineering field with strong emphasis on digital IC design and have established experience in low power digital integrated circuit design. There is great scope to progress to a leadership/technical management position.
Remuneration will include a high basic salary and excellent benefits, including relocation and allowances.
If you would like to be part of a world renowned R&D; company in an exciting location please send your CV to IC Resources today.
Key words: World-leading biomedical research organisation seeks a PhD qualified digital IC design engineer. Skills required: digital, IC, ASIC, design, RTL, VHDL, Verilog, low power, nano electronics, SoC, integrated circuit design, semiconductor, job
IC Resources - your first contact for ASIC design and verification jobs globally.
IC Resources Ltd
IC Resources is Europe’s largest and longest established semiconductor recruitment firm. With specialist USA and China consultants and an extensive Asia Pac partner network, our aim is to be the semiconductor industry's de facto recruitment partner.
Share this job
Options
Copyright (c) 1994 - 2014 The Metropolis International Group Ltd. Powered by Madgex .
Cookies on the Electronics Weekly Jobs website
Our website uses cookies, which are small text files that are widely used in order to make websites work more effectively. To continue using our website and consent to the use of cookies, click away from this box or click 'Close'.