Apply for Pre-Sales Coordinator -
Singapore, Singapore - Logistics, Distribution and Supply Chain - VR/14483 - Find a job, build a career
Empty for Logic Melon | Red Recruit
International Recruitment Specialists
+44 (0) 1376 503567
Tuesday 6 May 2014
Quick Job Search
Enter
Keyword(s):
Searches
in job title and description
Select
a Job Sector:
All
Finance
Relocations
Removals
Shipping
Select
an Area:
All locations
United Kingdom
Channel Islands
England
East of England
Bedfordshire
Cambridgeshire
Essex
Hertfordshire
Norfolk
Suffolk
East Midlands
Derbyshire
Leicestershire
Lincolnshire
Northamptonshire
Nottinghamshire
Rutland
Greater London
North East England
County Durham
Northumberland
Tyne and Wear
North West England
Cheshire
Cumbria
Greater Manchester
Lancashire
Merseyside
South East England
Berkshire
East Sussex
Buckinghamshire
Hampshire
Isle of Wight
Kent
Oxfordshire
Surrey
West Sussex
South West England
Somerset
Dorset
Bristol
Cornwall
Devon
Gloucestershire
Wiltshire
West Midlands
West Midlands
Herefordshire
Shropshire
Staffordshire
Warwickshire
Worcestershire
Yorkshire and the Humber
West Yorkshire
E Riding of Yorkshire
North Yorkshire
South Yorkshire
Isle of Man
Northern Ireland
County Armagh
County Antrim
County Down
County Fermanagh
County Londonderry
County Tyrone
Scotland
Broders
Scottish Borders
Shetland Islands
Central
Clackmannanshire
Falkirk
Stirling
Dumfries and Galloway
Fife
Grampian
Aberdeen City
Aberdeenshire
Moray
Highland
Lothian
City of Edinburgh
East Lothian
Midlothian
West Lothian
Orkney Islands
Strathclyde
East Ayrshire
North Ayrshire
South Ayrshire
Argyll and Bute
East Dunbartonshire
West Dunbartonshire
East Renfrewshire
Glasgow City
Inverclyde
North Lanarkshire
Renfrewshire
South Lanarkshire
Tayside
Angus
Dundee City
Perth and Kinross
Western Isles
Wales
Blaenau Gwent
Bridgend
Carmarthenshire
Caerphilly
Ceredigion
Cardiff
Conwy
Denbighshire
Flintshire
Gwynedd
Isle of Anglesey
Merthyr Tydfil
Monmouthshire
Neath Port Talbot
Newport
Pembrokeshire
Powys
Rhondda Cynon Taff
Swansea
Torfaen
Vale of Glamorgan
Wrexham
Rest of Europe
Africa
America
Asia
Oceania
Contact Details Please
contact us directly on:
+44 (0) 1376 503567
Offices in:
Latest News
Red TV
Quick Links
Hot Vacancies
TestimonialsHi Caroline,
All ready and primed for my ‘New Venture’ and looking forward to it.
Sincere thanks for all you have done for me. You are genuinely the most tenacious consultant I have met and a credit to your profession.
Kind regards
IanHi Jo
Many thanks for all your help and assistance with everything, I have to say the level of service you have provided has been of the highest quality. Best of luck for you in the future.
Best regards
EddyHi
I would like to recommend Red Recruit. Unlike other agencies you always regularly advise me and that although things were slow you were still there batting for me. This means a terrific amount as you start to doubt your own future prospects. In fact it felt as though I was the customer!
SueDear Caroline,
As you know, I’ve been working closely with the team from your office regarding my interest in relocating to the UK. The ‘project’ was started in January this year and only last week, the last of the opportunities failed to lead to an “employment offer”.
Following this, I have decided to stay-put in Australia, at least for the time being. I will always keep the door open in the future for suitable opportunities that may arise.
At the same time I would like to gi…Hi Amie, I just wanted to say “thank you very much” for the excellent service you provided me with my job search. You were extremely friendly, yet at the same time very professional and willing to assist in every way. I felt I could trust you and placed my confidence in you. I feel very privileged that you were my consultant and especially as you then secured the perfect role for me – thank you! With all best wishes,Kind Regards
JayNow that your candidate has settled into his position of our new Sales Estimator I thought it appropriate to write a short note to thank you for all your assistance in filling the position. In all honestly both Martyn and I were filled with dread at the prospect of finding a replacement for our long serving member of staff who was such a key part of the company and having been with us for over 10 years we never wanted to think he would retire. Sadly for us this was the case and we had to face th…
Hi Megan,
Many thanks for the below confirmation.
I would also like to thank you personally for all your help in securing this position.
Over the last few months of dealing with agencies, I have been constantly let down and misinformed by various companies. That is until I spoke to you.
If you had any news, you called straight away. If you did not get a response from the employer, you called to keep me in the picture. You have kept me up to date and wel…Sabine LlewellynHi Caroline
I’d also like to say thanks for your help so far, you’ve been proactive, positive, and kept me fully updated with what’s happening. Which has been exactly what I needed in the face of being made redundant.
So thanks again
Regards
NickGood Morning,
I just wanted to put on record my thanks and appreciation for all your hard work and belief you had and that you would secure the right position for me. We made contact in June and you were positive and confident in your ability that you secure work for me. I would recommend Red – Group and I do to anybody that has a requirement for recruitment, even when you had nothing available (especially at this difficult time) you kept me informed and showed the real difference in qualit…Hi Caroline
Just a few lines to say thanks for getting me a new job. I am absolutely over the moon.
A very big thanks has to go with Amie who has been a fantastic consultant. Especially in the way she treated me thru what was a very bad economic patch with few opportunities.
I truly wish you all at Red the very best – and if in future I am in a position to be actively looking for staff you will undoubtedly be my first port of call.
Again many thanks – especially to Amie.
Many …Hi Alison,
I would like to thank for your efforts on my behalf, I have had dealings with a number of employment agencies over the last year and can honestly say that your service has been excellent and I would have no hesitation recommending you.
Kinds regards,
John PeakerDear Ali
I’ve found myself a position !
I start Monday.
I’d like to thank you for the efforts you’ve made and that I’ve found you the most supportive, professional and pro-active team in the market.
I wish I’d found you sooner. I wouldn’t hesitate to use you again or the recommend you.
Thanks, once again.
Eddie
Having worked in Recruitment for 3 years, I appreciate how challenging clients and candidates alike can sometimes be and knowledge from a candidate’s point of view (mine!) exactly how conscientious and professional you are and what a great asset you are to ‘Red’.
Very best regards,
DebbieHi,
I hope you are having a great public holiday weekend. I´m sitting at home in Madrid and remembered your call on Friday which was very much appreciated.
Once again, thanks for all your help and support during the last several months. We will keep in touch as I am sure soon that I am going to need lots of good people from you!!
Thanks
MarkDear Caroline,
I first came into contact with the Removal Team about 7 months ago and their advice and strategies were second to none, their execution even better.  They communicated when they said they would, they were discreet when required and even followed up several months down the line.  True professionals at the top of their game, I would recommend Red Recruit and their services to anyone in our industry and will certainly look to work with them again, be it personally or from a b…Robert FreissI had to write and let you know how impressed I have been with the level of service I received from Red Recruit. From the very first moment I registered you have unstintingly kept me informed, almost on a daily basis.
Go for the personal touch at Red.
Thanks Caroline, and all the Red crew, for your help over the past few weeks.
With very best regards
RobRed has worked to help us recruit new staff for some years. They understand the industry and they have a good knowledge of those working in it. Red Recruit has made recruiting much staff less time consuming and distracting.
Paul on LinkedInThanks Caroline, as you are Jo’s boss I just wanted to give her a glowing recommendation, she has been more helpful that can be imagined and has kept me up to date at every stage of my long and arduous job hunt, I have recommended her services to a friend of mine who is in the shipping industry. Hope you give her a pat on the back, she certainly deserves it!!
Thanks and regards,
GrantHi Joanne,
I’m so excited to have been offered this position.
Thank you for your support Joanne it’s really very much appreciated and I can breath easy now and I don’t have to worry about where my next months Mortgage money is coming from!
What a fantastic job you did getting me the interview. How lucky am I!!!!! I will certainly recommend you to anyone I know within the industry who is looking for another position.
As I said early the information regarding interview tips and t…Hi Amie
Just to let you know I have just finally received a job offer today which I have accepted.
I would like to take this opportunity of thanking you for all the hard work and effort that you made during my job search – you really did go that extra mile. Bless you.
I would not hesitate to contact you again in the future if my circumstances change and I’m looking for a new position, as you were very efficient and kept in touch with me on a daily basis.
Thank you once again Amie…Dear Caroline,
I had been out of work for the last two years. Recently I decided that I had to return to work despite numerous failures to find satisfactory employment in the past. My good fortune was to get in contact by chance with a member of your team, who obtained me a number of interviews where I was fotunate enough to secure the first opportunity. This success is down to your teams hard work and diligence in all respects leading up to and securing the job.
I should like it put on re…Hello Joanne
I have found you to be very professional through the whole process and would like to pass on a message of thanks to your Manager as I do think that people should be rewarded for superb work.
Thanks
Mark
Hi Joanne
Just thought I would drop you a line to say thank you and Red Recruit for the assistance in getting the position here. I have to say I was nervous going into an Export job when I am so used to Imports,. but it was the right choice by far. It’s like a big family, cliche as it sounds its true!!. The job suits me much better than anticipated, and I am looking forward to a very long and fruitful career here.
Once again thank you and your colleagues for your part in it, without whom…Dear Tricia
I just wanted to say a big thank you for all of your help. Your professionalism and personal touch made dealing with you a pleasure. Understanding everyone is different and has differing needs makes communication all the more effective. Your ability to do this has made my own experience with you a pleasure.
I wish you the best of luck in your career which I am sure you will excel. Many thanks to you and the team.
Kind regards
EliotHi Caroline,
Just wanted to give you some positive feedback on your company. I have been dealing with Louise Neal for a Directors position in Hong Kong and it was all last minute to confirm times for the interview.Louise was communicating at 1am and 4am to make things happen so I felt it was worth bringing to your attention because as a manager myself its great to see staff going beyond the call of duty. I am very impressed.
Best regards,
PaulCharity News
Articles
Pre-Sales Coordinator (VR/14483) (Permanent)
Job location
-- Singapore
Salary
SGD36,000 - 40,000/Annum
Company
Red Recruit
Posted
06/05/2014 09:53
Reference
VR/14483
Pre-Sales Coordinator - Singapore - $36-40k SGD - VR/14483Our client a Global Relocation Company are currently looking for a Pre-Sales Coordinator for their branch in Singapore. The Pre-Sales Coordinator will provide support and coordination with the sales team and to ensure that customers requirements are attended to on a timely manner. Pre-Sales Coordinator duties include:
To work according to the requirements of the Company Quality System.
Handle all initial enquiries from phone-calls/ e-mail/ agents and website.
Build rapport over the phone with any potential or repeat client to leave good first impression.
Screen, coordinate, assign sales enquiries and schedule survey appointments for In-home Sales Consultant.
Support the timely creation and execution of Survey information, Survey Pack, Custom Documentations.
Preparing quotations and tenders.
Attend to rate request.
Respond to agent's enquiries.
Assist with the follow up action on behalf of Sales Consultants.
Assist with the procurement, keeping track of the quantity level and replenishment of sales documentations and brochures.
The successful Pre-Sales Coordinator will be offered a salary in the region of $36,000 - $40,000 SGD, according to experience and skills. This is an excellent opportunity to join a leading global mobility service provider. To apply, or for further information, please email your CV to the Relocations team of Red Recruit at relo@redrecruit.com quoting reference VR/14483. We offer a recommendation reward if we are able to place someone that you recommend, as way of a thank you we make a donation to your favourite charity or give you high street vouchers. Due to the current large volume of applicants for roles, unfortunately if you have not received a response within five working days, your application has been unsuccessful. Red Recruit is a specialist recruitment consultancy that focuses on the Relocations industry both nationally and internationally. Red Recruit offers services to the Office and Commercial Moving sector, Domestic Movers as well as Corporate and International Moving companies. We recruit relocation consultants, international assignment consultants, Tenancy advisors, Removals Sales Estimators, Removals Branch Managers, Removals Operations Managers, Move Coordinators, Office and Commercial Move Managers, Global Moves Specialists as well as many more.
Apply for
Pre-Sales Coordinator
Application Details
Want to apply faster?
[
•
]
Fields marked * are mandatory and must be completed.
* Upload your CV
If you are unable to upload a CV please tell us about your relevant experience in the box below.
Cover letter
Personal Details
Title
T
...
Ms
Miss
Mrs
Mr
Dr
Prof
* First name
F
* Last name
L
* Email address
E
Mobile phone
M
Home phone
H
Work phone
W
* Work eligibility
You need to indicate if you are eligible to apply for this vacancy located in the Singapore
I confirm that I am eligible to live and work in the Singapore
I am not currently eligible to live or work in the Singapore
I wish to receive a copy of this application
:
:
:
:
:
:
•
•
•
•
•
Website developed by Sue Lees Consultancy.
Registered in England and Wales No: 4483146. VAT Registration Number: GB 927 3298 00.
Registered Office: 2 Atlantic Square, Station Road, Witham, Essex, CM8 2TL. United Kingdom.
Red Recruit is part of