Food Service Executive Jobs in Dawn Foods, Lahore, Pakistan | JI138221
Job Seeker Login:
|
If you're looking to post a job or searching resumes, go to our employer website
Food Service Executive Jobs in Lahore, Pakistan
Company Name
Dawn Foods
Job Functional Area
Job Title
Food Service Executive
Job Location
,
Minimum Education
Bachelor's Degree
Minimum Experience
3 Years
Posted on
May 04, 2014
Last Date to Apply
May 10, 2014
Job Description
Dawn Foods a renowned brand in FMCG is looking for the following positions:
Food Service Executive: (Lahore)
Qualification: BA, Preferably MBA
Experience: 3 years in selling of food items to hotels, restaurants, cafeteria & institutions.
The candidate must have own conveyance.Apply Instructions for This Job
Send your resume latest by 10-05-2014 at:
Email:
OR
39-Quaide Azam Industrial Estate, Kot Lakhpat Lahore.Find Similar Jobs printing press is looking for Outdoor Sales Representatives.
Experience in printing materials, stationary and gift items is an added advantage. ... to banks and institutions such as brokerage house, major insurance companies and large corporations that are commonly involved in large and complex monetary tran ... Sales Staff from all over Punjab, Khyber Pakhtukhwa and Afghanistan.
Regional Sales Manager:
- The ideal candidate should be a team player and have atleast 5 years ... and contracting company requires the following with minimum 3 years Bahrain experience:
1- Indoor & Outdoor Building Materials Sales Executive.
2- Junior Accou ... should be able to write, speak English.
Job Profile:
- Should be able to use a range of office software, including E-mail and spreadsheets
- The candidate mu ...
More Jobs
, Find Relevant Functional Area Jobs, , , ,
* Your Full Name:
* Your Email Address:
* Friends' Email Addresses:
[Separate email addresses with comma, max 3 emails at a time]
Job Title:
Food Service Executive
Add Note (Optional):
Log in to save this job, and find the jobs you saved already! If you are new at Careermidway.com, please
Email Address:
Password:
Enter your email address. You will receive a notification email with details on login information.
Enter email address
Post Comments on this Job
Relevant comments on this job are highly appreciated.
Please use personal name or nickname rather keywords in the name field.
Comments filling the fields with anchor text to spam this site and search engines may be edited, have URLs removed, or deleted entirely.
Your Name:
Your Email:
Show Email:
Check this to show your email address alongwith your name/comments.
Your Comments:
Enter Code*:
International Jobs
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
© Copyright 2014 All rights reserved Careermidway.com
|
|
|
|