1-3 yr Legal Counsel - Singapore
1-3 yr Legal Counsel - Singapore
Reference
1404-241
Location
Singapore, Singapore
Sector
Legal
Salary
Ł70,000 per annum
International investment business in private equity, private debt, private real estate and private infrastructure. Managers of a broad range of funds for international client base require a legal counsel to support the direct investment advisors in all legal and tax matters in the investment process.
You will support the direct investment advisors in all legal matters in the investment process. Your main responsibility is to manage the legal due diligence efforts including negotiating transaction documents; this activity will involve instructing and liaising with external counsel in various jurisdictions.
Responsibilities to manage the tax and legal due diligence efforts including negotiating transaction documents involving instructing and liaising with external counsel in various jurisdictions, negotiate terms and conditions for secondary and direct transactions (e.g. sale and purchase and shareholders documents), assist in structuring and negotiating key commercial terms in transactions and daily legal issues, instruct and manage external counsel, review and discuss their advice and over time become responsible for the management of all legal aspects of the transactions including the necessary structuring.
Essential criteria include outstanding academic record, 1-3 years experience in corporate and commercial law, mergers and acquisitions, mezzanine finance or other business law categories. Fluent English required.
All applications will be reviewed within the next working day by one of our experienced consultants and successful applicants only will be contacted within that timeframe.
Please be assured that your details remain confidential and they will not be sent out to our client(s) until you have been contacted by us and have given us your consent, in accordance with REC guidelines.
First Name *
Last Name *
Email *
Please attach your CV *
Work Tel
Address
Mobile