MBA Job, Johnson & Johnson, SNR MARKETING MANAGER - WIPES Job
Your system may not comply with the requirements to view certain sections of MBA-Exchange.com.
Please see our .
MY ACCOUNT
|
|
Please enter your email address:
Email:
Login/Register with your network:
Company Details
Company Name:
Johnson & Johnson
Industry Classification:
Healthcare
About the company:
Job Description
Job Title:
SNR MARKETING MANAGER - WIPES Job
Created / Renewed on:
March 31, 2014 at at Johnson & Johnson website
Type of Position:
Full Time Job
Function:
Marketing
Locations:
Singapore
Job Description:
(primary responsibilities,
reporting structure,
career path...)
SNR MARKETING MANAGER - WIPES-7026140324
DESCRIPTION
Baby Care in Asia Pacific is the biggest sales and profit contributor
to the region, delivering nearly $900mm in sales across 3 equities
(Johnson?s Baby, Aveeno Baby, Elsker). The portfolio carries a level
of complexity as it covers 8 categories across 14 markets consisting
of both emerging and developed markets. Asia Pacific is likewise the
biggest region contributing to our Global Baby Care sales and a
significant driver of future growth.
Job Description
The Senior Marketing Manager, Baby GFO for Asia Pacific is a critical
role within Baby Global Franchise Organization. This position reports
into the Director, Global Baby Franchise, responsible for Bedtime,
Wipes & Global Claims .
As a part of the Global lead team along with the Director, Baby GFO,
this role will focus on leading lead innovation strategy including
concept development and global liaison, pipeline development and
execution over the time frame of 2014 ? 17 for NPD and NPI and
communication strategies specifically for core baby related to the
transparency, Bedtime range and overall Diaper range. This role will
also work with a global cross functional team in creating a global
claim pipeline. This position is also primarily responsible for
planning, organizing, leading and controlling activities in the
development of short and long-range marketing strategies and plans to
achieve growth and share objectives for Johnson?s Baby in Asia Pacific
within Core Baby, Bedtime and Diaper Care.
Within the above specific areas, the role will provide strategic
direction in partnership with GFO Director, Baby to achieve NTS growth
and market share objectives through recommendations of marketing
strategies, new product launches, product roll-outs, communication and
claims directions and lead in the execution of brand footprints and
business model. In working with GSI partners will develop ideas for
new products, packaging, communication and claims for consumers and
professionals.
This role will partner with Global GFO counterparts and regional cross
functional team in sharing of best practices and building global
growth initiatives, managing the NPI governance through the Speed
process and lead complexity reduction through strategic portfolio
management. Actively pursues regional and global best practice and
shares this within the region and to global stakeholders. This role
will require in actively contributing towards building a healthy GFO
AP community engagement and culture.
QUALIFICATIONS
Position Criteria
- Business degree graduate, preferably with MBA
- At least seven years brand management experience with FMCG
- Track record in growing business, managing teams, multi-country/
market cooperation, cross-culture communication, project management &
issue resolutions.
- Demonstrated ability to influence cross-functional and senior
management to impact decision-making is required
- Strong collaboration and communication skills are required.
- Strong GLP behaviors
This position requires approximately 10% travel.
PRIMARY LOCATION:Asia Pacific-Singapore-Singapore-Singapore
ORGANIZATION: Johnson & Johnson Pte. Ltd. (8435)
JOB FUNCTION: Marketing
JOB SEGMENT: Marketing MBA, Equity, Brand Manager, Marketing Manager,
Marketing, Finance
Contact
Name:
Recruiter at Johnson & Johnson
Follow us on:
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
- Copyright © 2014. All Rights Reserved