Technical Account Manager - Singapore Job Job-Nr 466714
EN
Stellenangebot von Bloomberg
connecticum Job-Nr 466714
Teilen:
Beschäftigungsart:
Arbeitgeber:
Datum des Angebots:
05. Mai 2014 (online seit: 09. März 2014)
Studienbereiche:
Wirtschaftswissenschaften:
Informatik:
Einsatzorte:
Einsatzregion:
Technical Account Manager - Singapore Job
Email
Please wait...
Bloomberg
Date: Apr 28, 2014
Location: Singapore, SG
Technical Account Manager - SingaporeJob Requisition Number: 40491Asia PacificSingapore - SGPThe RoleThe Enterprise Content and Distribution Group at Bloomberg is growing at a rapid pace and we are searching for enterprising and seasoned professionals to help us expand our global sales operations. The successful candidate will be part of our Technical Account Management team and be responsible for the overall technical health of a customer account. The TAM will act as a trusted advisor building deep relationships at multiple levels across the customer's business and technology teams while facilitating the delivery of a world class service offering that is consistent with the Bloomberg brand. The TAM will enable their customers to gain maximum benefit from their partnership with Bloomberg by helping them gain a detailed understanding of how our products and services can solve real problems for their business. The TAM drives client loyalty by delivering the highest levels of technical account service satisfaction by providing required technical advice and expertise to assist clients in their infrastructure decisions, to support pre and post sales activities and to be the primary technical interface into Bloomberg. The TAM must facilitate a true partnership between the parties and hence is the advocate for the customer within Bloomberg but is also the advocate of Bloomberg with the customer.TheResponsibilities:- To manage the technical relationship with the client with the following responsibilities:- Provide technical subject matter expertise across the Enterprise Solutions Technology product portfolio- Manage both the pre and post sales technical relationship- Forge deep relationships across the client's technology teams within both the vertical IT and business silos (Equities, FICC, FX etc.) and horizontal functions (CTO, Architecture, Infrastructure, Sourcing etc.)- Attain a deep and extensive understanding of the client architecture, infrastructure and application environment- Oversee all client communications relating to the technical engagementTheQualifications:- Maintain strong product knowledge of the full Technical Solutions suite, its integration points with other Bloomberg enterprise products and competitor offerings.- Minimum of 3-5 years of experience in enterprise Technical Account Management role.- Working knowledge of the financial community landscape and data needs.- Working knowledge of networks and network components.- Working knowledge of software development. Experience with development is a plus.- Fluency in Mandarin would be advantageous but not essentialThe Company:Bloomberg, the global business and financial information and news leader, gives influential decision makers a critical edge by connecting them to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas. The company’s strength – delivering data, news and analytics through innovative technology, quickly and accurately – is at the core of the Bloomberg Professional service, which provides real time financial information to more than 315,000 subscribers globally. Bloomberg’s enterprise solutions build on the company’s core strength, leveraging technology to allow customers to access, integrate, distribute and manage data and information across organizations more efficiently and effectively. Through Bloomberg Law, Bloomberg Government, Bloomberg New Energy Finance and Bloomberg BNA, the company provides data, news and analytics to decision makers in industries beyond finance. And Bloomberg News, delivered through the Bloomberg Professional service, television, radio, mobile, the Internet and three magazines, Bloomberg Businessweek, Bloomberg Markets and Bloomberg Pursuits, covers the world with more than 2,400 news and multimedia professionals at more than 150 bureaus in 73 countries. Headquartered in New York, Bloomberg employs more than 15,000 people in 192 locations around the world.Legal Terms:In the course of submitting your application, you will be providing Bloomberg with your personal information. You consent to Bloomberg using that information for the purpose of considering your suitability for employment, as well as for general internal statistical analysis and reporting purposes, including candidate activity and demographic reports. Bloomberg will process your information in compliance with applicable laws on privacy and data protection.If we do not employ you at this time, you agree that we may retain and use the information that we obtain as part of your application process so as to be able to consider your application later if a suitable position becomes available and, if appropriate, to refer back to this application if you apply again. If at any time you no longer want Bloomberg to consider your application, please let us know at Careers- Feedback, in which case your information will be stored securely for no more than one year from the date of notification and access to it will only be made if and to the extent necessary for legal and regulatory purposes.Bloomberg is a global company and you therefore consent to Bloomberg processing your information on its servers in the United States of America. Bloomberg is committed to compliance with its privacy obligations and for that reason will apply the Safe Harbor Privacy Policy when processing your information on its US servers. If you are applying for a position outside the EEA and US, you agree that Bloomberg may also process your information on its servers in the country in which the relevant position is located and comply with the privacy legislation in that country. In processing data either in the US or any other country, employees of Bloomberg will only access your information where necessary:- to consider your suitability for employment;- for general statistical analysis and reporting purposes; or- to comply with legal or regulatory obligations.Where required, your information may be disclosed to law enforcement, regulatory or other government agencies, or third parties where necessary to comply with legal or regulatory obligations or requests.If you are offered a position of employment at Bloomberg, such offer and continued employment is contingent on the satisfactory results of both reference checks and a background search.You are responsible for ensuring that the information you submit is accurate and up-to-date. You may review or update your personal information at any time using this site or by contacting us at Careers- Feedback. At the same time, by clicking 'I Agree' and submitting your application, you agree that we may use third parties to verify your information. However, we will not seek any additional data from those third parties without your explicit prior consent.By clicking the 'Apply Now' button below you agree to the terms of the above Legal Statement.
Job Segments: Account Manager, IT Manager, Information Technology, Law, Equity, Sales, Technology, Legal, Finance
Email
Please wait...
connecticum Job-Nr 466714
Teilen:
Bei der Bewerbung angeben:
Jobbezeichnung: Technical Account Manager - Singapore Job
Jobkennzeichen: 40491 / connecticum-JobNr. 466714
Kontaktdaten:
Arbeitgeber-Profil:
Jobangebot beanstanden
Heute:
31.597 Stellenangebote
WIWIINGIT connecticum
Jobbörse
Praktikum
Studentenjobs
Abschlussarbeit
Traineeprogramm
Direkteinstieg
Professional-Job
Was:
Wo:
Meistgelesene Job-Angebote:
connecticum Jobbörse WIWIINGIT
, , , , ,
,
Socialize:
EN
Sie sind hier:
connecticum-JobNr.: 466714
Diese Seite teilen:
Info-Channels
Themen
Kontakt
connecticum
Bundesallee 86, 12161 Berlin
DEUTSCHLAND
Team-Fon: (+49 30) 85 96 20 05
Team-Fax: (+49 30) 85 96 39 95
Internet:
Hauptmedienpartner der connecticum:
·
·
© 1997-2014