Client Director, Singapore - mUmBRELLA Jobs
Everything under Australia's media, marketing & entertainment umbrella
Opinion | Features
After  a dramatic 24-hours with a fight between media execs and protest stopping a live TV show Adam Ferrier asks if this refreshing show of passion is good for society.
So two things have happened over the last 24 hours that make we think we’re on the right track again. A bit of biffo and a protest. While innovation is important, Ashton Bishop argues it needs to be backed up with marketing to be successful.
One of our clients just learnt the hard way about the difference between business and brand. They had a strong business, with a strong technological foundation, yet they resisted advice to invest in the brand because they didn’t see the need. Then a Chinese company reverse engineered their product and now the Chinese have ostensibly the same product only 300 per cent cheaper. It hurt. With online video becoming an increasingly important channel Tyler Greer argues treating it like TV risks losing its differentiation.
The recent arrival of Nielsen Online Campaign Ratings (OCR) tracking across digital video is steering digital video down a path that more strongly reflects TV buying models. How publishers and networks respond will be interesting. Sure, taking traditional gross rating point (GRP) thinking into the online realm demonstrates how digital is finally straddling the offline buying world. But it may come at a cost. Ahead of the launch of a report on alcohol marketing on Facebook tonight Sven Brodmerkel and Nicholas Carah urge the ad industry to embrace a more open conversation about the effects targeting will have on this form of advertising.
A few weeks ago The Australian National Preventive Health Agency (ANPHA)  (ABAC) should include all forms of marketing within its self-regulatory scope.
This position has been met with opposition not only by the Australian Association of National Advertisers (AANA) some creative industries and the alcohol industry. , and parents’ behaviour at home in particular is much more important in shaping children’s attitude towards alcohol than advertising. He also makes the point that tighter regulation will only lead to agencies finding even more creative ways to advertise alcohol. In this cross-posting from the Conversation , of Swinburne University of Technology, asks whether proposed legislation changes are really the best way to stop pirates. .
Copyright has been firmly back on the agenda in recent months. We’ve seen the Australian Law Reform Commission () release its
which recommended that Australia adopt a “” exception to copyright infringement.
Yet we’ve also seen the Attorney General, George Brandis, get more
this month, and pledge to do something to address it: This week Adam Ferrier asks whether marketers should take the success of Ikea as an example and be less focused on understanding the consumer in their quest to build great brands.
Ikea is a worldwide success story, enjoyed my most, including myself. I have numerous Ikea items in my house – I’m guessing I always will. Following more rulings against Wicked Campers by the Ad Standards Board last week Alex Hayes asks whether the company will give up their shock tactic advertising any time soon.
I'm thinking of writing a complaint to the Ad Standards Board about Wicked Campers.
I've just been on a week's holiday in a camper van in North Queensland, and I saw one of their vans there which had the slogan "How wars start: Politicians lie to journalists, then believe what's read in newspapers" on the back.
The future of the media, and in particular journalism, requires entrepreneurial ‘hacker’ journalists argues Merja Myllylahti in this cross posting from The Conversation.
The Guardian and The Washington Post have been
the Pulitzer Prize for Public Service for their work in bringing to light documents leaked by former NSA contractor Edward Snowden. Ahead of Sunday night's Logie Awards, Amanda Meade looks at the numbers to see which celebrities might take out Australian television's top awards.
The TV Week Logie Awards, a celebration of Australian television, is a wild and colourful beast.
ABC International has reasons to be proud of its recent deal to provide ABC content in a long-term partnership with China’s second biggest broadcaster Shanghai Media Group writes Wanning Sun, in this cross posting from The Conversation.
ABC International has reasons to be proud of its recent
to provide ABC content in China. Our current method of separating creative and media is more expensive and less effective, leaving us with the worst of both worlds, argues 303Lowe CEO Nick Cleaver. Is it time to bring media and creative back together?
Who ever actually proved that separating media and creative services was a good idea; that it represented a better more effective model; one that could deliver better value outcomes?
The simple truth is no one. You’ve heard the story about the cobbler whose kids got around in old shoes, it reminds me of the current state of agency brands. Grab hold of any creative agency brand, and barring two or three notable exceptions very little pulls them apart.  As huge changes blow through the Australian media agency landscape Nikki Retallick argues the smaller more collaborative companies will be the ones to thrive.
It’s a great time to be in the Australian ad industry. The winds of change are blowing. With the recent launch of Department212 and the success of earlier start-ups such as Bohemia, there’s some real momentum towards the rise of the independent, performance-based media agency.
The big agencies are starting to follow suit, having seen the ‘race to the bottom on price’ hit their bottom line. It’s all about delivering measurable value now and being able to move the dial on the clients’ business. Last night ANZ launched one of Australia's biggest branded content plays to date. Mumbrella's Tim Burrowes was at the launch.
It took a few minutes too long last night for it to dawn on me why there was a jazz band in the corner of the room at ANZ's Melbourne conference suite. Blue Notes - gerrit?
And what last night's event did make clear is that the opportunities of that developing subset of branded content, brand journalism, are beginning to dawn on local brands.
Recently there was another report from the scientists of the
telling us that climate change (what used to be called global warming) is upon us and there are real changes happening now (I bet I’ve lost several readers already!)
The scientists are urging us to heed their warning and change our behaviours, yet we ignoring them in droves. Even though information they are giving us is dire.
Client Director, Singapore
Singapore based role
AU $150k+
Exciting brand to work on
The company
Our client is a digital agency who deliver strategy, media, mobile, creative and social solutions globally.
The Role
We are looking for a sharp, strategic, driven and highly experienced person to take on a leading role as Client Director for one of the key clients. It’s a large, varied, innovative and challenging account, with activity ranging from highly targeted local direct response campaigns to multinational brand campaigns, from B2B to consumer technology, from entertainment to education.
You will be leading a team of experienced digital marketing professionals to define strategy, plan media and execute high performing brand and direct response campaigns across the full range of brands and products in the APAC region. The role will involve working on multichannel campaigns with partner agencies, and marketing strategy will include online and offline elements.
As Client Director you will be responsible for building and managing a team handling a client account end-to-end. While your primary area of focus will be digital media planning and management, you are likely to get involved in all aspects of the business: strategy, media, mobile, creative, web design and technology.
Responsibilities:
You will make use of the full digital media mix to drive results, innovate, lead and inspire a dynamic, driven team
This role involves harnessing data, technology and creativity
Actively support the client’s commercial objectives through their strategic marketing planning – you will be expected to contribute across all channels
Build and develop a deep understanding of client sectors, the strategic issues, new initiatives and competitive positions
Identify opportunities for deepening client relationships through innovation, the adoption of new marketing technologies and the use of a broader range of agency services
Use your understanding of the broader agency landscape to contribute in all agency meetings
About you:
You have a proven track record as a Senior/Group Account Director or Client Director, are commercially savvy and have gained several years in a fast paced B2C, commercial marketing environment
Deep experience of digital media, planning and buying, marketing, advertising and/or technology and an active interest in how digital innovation is driving change. In particular, you’ll have demonstrable experience of digital media at a serious scale, regional experience is preferred
You’re armed with an active interest in how innovation and technology is driving change in digital marketing and a real desire to be a part of that innovation
You have outstanding analytical capabilities; ability to analyse raw data, draw conclusions and develop actionable recommendations; a natural affinity with numbers is a must
Highly developed interpersonal, team building and relationship management skills
Effective communication, presentation, influencing and negotiation skills
Strong organisational skills
Ability to select, motivate and develop staff
Singapore
Interested?
Send your CV to hello@nuclei.com.au to be considered for this role.
To check our other active roles, visit our website: http://nuclei.com.au/jobs
April 30th, 2014 at 9:31 am
Email Newsletter
Follow us
Dr Mumbo
Latest CommentsCoralie on Anonymous on Viewer on Ed on Statman on Nought on Bill on Adam Ferrier on
F.Y.I.
Most Discussed
With 243 commentsWith 60 commentsWith 31 commentsWith 26 commentsWith 25 commentsWith 24 commentsWith 20 commentsWith 20 comments
RSS
Quick Links
More information
RSS Feeds
Mumbrella is bound by the standards of practice of the Australian Press Council. If you believe the standards may have been breached, you may approach Mumbrella itself or contact the council by email at
or by phone (02) 9261 1930.For further information see
Cloud Management and
powered by Bulletproof.
Copyright © 2008-2014 ·
· All rights reservedmUmBRELLA :: Everything under Australia´s media, marketing & entertainment umbrella