Job - Senior Manager, CC Business Finance SG & ASEAN - 12849629 | TweetMyJobs
Follow Us
LanguageEnglish
Español
Senior Manager, CC Business Finance SG & ASEAN Job Listing at Standard Chartered in Singapore
(Job ID 429726-451)
Standard Chartered
Location: Singapore
Application deadline: None
Type: Full-time
Career Level: Not specified
Salary Range: Not specified
Number of Jobs: 1
Relocation Available: No
for Standard Chartered
Email this job:
Description
Job Details Department: Business Finance Singapore & ASEAN Grade: M22 (VP) Reports To: Senior Manager, WB SEA Business Finance Job Description Responsible for the Business Performance Management and Decision Support for the SG and ASEAN Client Coverage (CC) business. Ensure the accuracy and integrity of the general ledger and provide value added financial information and analysis to the Regional CC Head and Country Heads within ASEAN to support the strategic development of the business. Key Roles & Responsibilities • Business partner with ASEAN Client Coverage Business teams. • Support the CC Heads, Segment Heads and Head of Country Finance SG within ASEAN. • Provide performance analysis, reports, presentation, analysis and ad-hoc requests to Senior Management, CFOs, CC Heads, Segment Heads, Business Heads and Group on the performance of the businesses within ASEAN for PL and BS. • Drive the Franchise revenue budget and forecast process within ASEAN • Accountable for both financial and management reporting of the CC businesses within ASEAN. • Enable a better understanding of RWA, balance sheet and drivers to maximize returns and capital efficiency. • Ensure that there are appropriate and documented internal controls and procedures in place. • Support Country Finance in ensuring compliance with generally accepted accounting principles and practices, Group Accounting Manual, DOIs and other regulatory accounting guidelines. • Support Country Finance in ensuring timely & correct submission of financial returns to various internal & external authorities (i.e. POC, Management Accounting, Group Finance etc). Qualifications & Skills • Qualified Accountant • Educated to degree level with a Finance / Business background. • An excellent understanding of banking products • Ability to work under constant pressure to tight deadlines and deliver high quality output. • Excellent interpersonal skills, with the ability to communicate at all levels both written (report and guideline writing) and verbally. • Lateral thinker with ability to use own initiative • Driven, self motivated individual and team management experiemce.. How To Apply You can search and view current opportunities across our organisation and apply immediately by visiting www.standardchartered.com and selecting Careers. To help speed up your application, please note the following: - You will need to log in (or register if you are visiting our careers site for the first time) before you can apply for a specific role - Some roles may require you to undertake an online talent assessment in addition to completing the application form (to facilitate this process it is preferable that you provide us with an email address as part of your contact information) - We will ask you about your education, career history and skills and experience, it may be helpful to have this information at hand when completing your application It usually takes 15 - 20 minutes to complete the application form; you can save your application at any time and return to complete it at your convenience. Diversity & Inclusion Standard Chartered is committed to diversity and inclusion. We believe that a work environment which embraces diversity will enable us to get the best out of the broadest spectrum of people to sustain strong business performance and competitive advantage. By building an inclusive culture, each employee can develop a sense of belonging, and have the opportunity to maximise their personal potential.
Get alerts for jobs like this:
Please complete at least one of the following fields
Any Industry
Accounting/Auditing
Administrative/Clerical
Advertising
Aerospace & Defense
Agriculture/Forestry
Apparel/Textiles
Architecture
Arts
Automotive
Banking
Biotechnology
Business Development/Sales
Computers & Information Technology
Construction
Consulting
Consumer Goods
Customer Service
Design
Distribution
Education
Electronics
Energy/Utilities
Engineering
Entertainment
Environmental/Green
Equipment
Events
Fashion
Film
Finance
Food & Beverage
Government
Healthcare
Hospitality
Hotel
Human resources
Import-Export
Insurance
Internet
Law/Legal Services
Management
Manufacturing
Marketing
Media
Medical
Military
Mining
Museum
Music
Nonprofit
Other
Pharmaceutical
Printing/Publishing
Public relations
Radio
Real Estate/Property Management
Recreation
Restaurant
Retail
Science/Research
Security
Skilled Labor/Trades
Social Services
Software Development
Sports
Staffing/Employment
Storage
Technology
Telecommunications
Television
Transportation
Travel/tourism
Veterinary
Wholesale
Zoo
Email
Mobile
Twitter
Get jobs like this tweeted to you:
View similar jobs:
Standard Chartered - Singapore, Singapore
Standard Chartered - Singapore, Singapore
Standard Chartered - Singapore, Singapore
Locate this job:
|    |    |    |    |    |    |    |  TweetMyJobs® is a service provided by © 2014 CareerArc Group LLC. All rights reserved. Patent Pending.