Concierge Job In
- The Ritz-Carlton - Cool Jobs, Hotel / Resort / Lodging, Hospitality Career
Candidate registration Employer registration
Forgot password
Sign in Candidate registration
Sign in Candidate registration
Sign in Employer registration
|
text.subscribe:
Concierge
Employer:
Job Ref:
14000941
Industry:
Cool Jobs
Hotel / Resort / Lodging
Hospitality
Job Type:
Full Time
Country:
Singapore
City:
Singapore
Post Date:
02/10/2014 08:12 AM
At more than 80 award-winning properties worldwide, The Ritz-Carlton Ladies and Gentlemen create experiences so exceptional that long after a guest stays with us, the experience stays with them. As the premier worldwide provider of luxury experiences, we set the standard for rare and special luxury service the world over. We invite you to explore The Ritz-Carlton.
Job SummaryRespond to guest requests for special arrangements or services (e.g., transportation, reservations, dry cleaning) by making arrangements or identifying appropriate providers. Respond to special requests from guests with unique needs and follow up to ensure satisfaction. Gather, summarize, and provide information to guests about the property and the surrounding area amenities, including special events and activities. Answer, record, and process all guest calls, messages, requests, questions, or concerns. Contact appropriate individual or department (e.g., Bellperson, Housekeeping) as necessary to resolve guest call, request, or problem. Review shift logs/daily memo books and document pertinent information in logbooks. Report accidents, injuries, and unsafe work conditions to manager; and complete safety training and certifications. Follow all company policies and procedures, ensure uniform and personal appearance are clean and professional, maintain confidentiality of proprietary information, and protect company assets. Welcome and acknowledge all guests according to company standards, anticipate and address guests' service needs, assist individuals with disabilities, and thank guests with genuine appreciation. Speak with others using clear and professional language, prepare and review written documents accurately and completely, and answer telephones using appropriate etiquette. Develop and maintain positive working relationships with others, support team to reach common goals, and listen and respond appropriately to the concerns of other employees. Comply with quality assurance expectations and standards. Stand, sit, or walk for an extended period of time or for an entire work shift. Move, lift, carry, push, pull, and place objects weighing less than or equal to 10 pounds. Perform other reasonable job duties as requested by Supervisors. The Ritz-Carlton is an equal opportunity employer committed to hiring a diverse workforce and sustaining an inclusive culture. The Ritz-Carlton does not discriminate on the basis of disability, veteran status or any other basis protected under federal, state or local laws.
Action
Featured jobs
|
Anchorage / Remote Locations
|
Boulder
|
Steamboat Springs
|
Phoenix
|
Boulder
Featured employers
Industry Guides:
Employment:
Company Info:
Copyright © 1999 - 2014 JobMonkey, Inc. All rights reserved.