Allen & Overy: Singapore International Arbitration team recruiting for an Associate (4+ PQE) with Duke and Rawson | 873563
|
Allen & Overy: Singapore International Arbitration team recruiting for an Associate (4+ PQE)
Recruiter
Duke and Rawson
Posted
29 April 2014
Closes
27 May 2014
Ref
DR101275
Location
Singapore
Vacancy Type
,
Contract
Hours
Practice Areas
,
PQE
,
Experience Level
Salary
Excellent Relocation Package + Low Tax
Further information
Duke and Rawson is working closely with Allen & Overy, one of the world’s most prestigious international law firms, on a position in their Singapore office.
The firm is looking to recruit a mid-level Associate with approximately 4 years of post-qualified experience into its expanding Arbitration Practice in Singapore.
With an established presence in China and across South East Asia, the firm has extensive experience in both commercial arbitration and investment treaty arbitration, under a wide range of rules including ICC, LCIA, SIAC, SCC, AAA, UNCITRAL and ICSID.
In Singapore, there is a wide sector focus with the team covering trade, energy, natural resources, infrastructure and investment disputes.  Clients are mainly global corporates, regional companies, governments and public bodies, and Associates are therefore guaranteed exposure to high-profile disputes.
Star UK qualified Associates from other Magic Circle, large international or top US firms will be of particular interest, as will Australian qualified Associates coming from one of the top-tier practices in Sydney or Melbourne.
As well as offering the highest quality of work and training, Allen & Overy will provide the new recruit with an attractive relocation package to help them settle into their new environment in Singapore.
This is a truly outstanding opportunity for an ambitious Associate to advance their arbitration career at the most elite level, whilst enjoying new cultural experiences and challenges in this vibrant and dynamic region.
For an initial discussion where confidentiality is assured, please contact Joe Colling on 0207 374 4778 or
Duke and Rawson
Duke and Rawson is a specialist legal search and recruitment consultancy.
We offer in-depth knowledge and expertise of global legal markets.
Share this job
Options
More jobs like this
People who applied for this job also applied for
New York Pay
15 % TAX RATE
Basic salary of US$250,000 gross p.a. at 10% income tax, plus generous (discretionary) bonus system
© 2011 - 2014 Centaur Media Plc. Powered by Madgex .