Corporate - Singapore
with Marsden Group ­Legal Search and Recruitment | 873226
|
Corporate - Singapore
Recruiter
Marsden Group ­Legal Search and Recruitment
Posted
29 April 2014
Closes
27 May 2014
Ref
JW16499
Location
Singapore
Vacancy Type
,
Contract
Hours
Practice Areas
, ,
PQE
Experience Level
,
Salary
Competitive US firm rates
Further information
Singapore (US firm) – Corporate M&A - Private Equity- NY rates - 1-3 PQE
One of our Directors has just returned from meeting Managing Partners and key decision makers within the top firms in Singapore. We have worked closely with the partners of this top US firm across several jurisdictions and now our prestigious international client seeks junior/ mid-level corporate lawyers with impressive academic records and experience from top US or UK Magic Circle law firms.
You will have 1-3 years post qualification experience in corporate transactional matters.  The ideal candidate will be UK or US qualified and will have solid corporate M&A experience. You will join a well-regarded corporate team, covering high profile corporate transactions for a firm established as one of the leading global corporate practices in the area for mergers and acquisitions. This strong global M&A team, with its global capacity and experience will see you working on worldwide strategic and private equity, cross-border and M&A transactions for high profile clients.
Singapore offers a low tax regime, a busy legal market and you can enjoy a very high quality of life.  It is an easy and attractive City to live and work in with unrivalled opportunities to travel in the region.  Our consultant, Lisa Owens, has recently returned to London after 4 years in Singapore and can talk to you about the legal market, market conditions and cost of living  and any other questions you might have about re-locating to Singapore.  There is ongoing demand for magic circle and US lawyers to re-locate.  We also have a consultant, Sally Gardner who is based in North Asia.
HOW TO CONTACT US
If you already have a cv prepared and you would like to apply for this job please click on apply and attach your cv.
If you do not have a cv and/or you would like to have a discussion  with us about this or any other role please contact , depending on the time zone you are in, one of the following:
London : Lisa Owens at Marsden Group on +44 (0)20 3326 0849 or by email at  or visit our website at
Asia :  Sally Gardner at Marsden Group on +84 9789 56446 or by email at
or visit our website at
Please note that one of our consultants will be reviewing each and every application made to the Marsden Group and we will be in touch if, following the review, we are able to assist you. Unfortunately we are not able to reply to every application given the high volume of applications we receive. As such, if you do not hear from us we are not able to assist you at this time.
Marsden Group is an experienced global recruitment consultancy with a personal touch. Our teams of senior recruiters work across the globe in offices in London, mainland Europe, Asia, Australia and Canada.  Each has expertise in their domestic and the international legal markets. We successfully place partners and associates of all levels with our valued top- tier clients. Our service is personal, practical and proactive.
Marsden Group ­Legal Search and Recruitment
Marsden Group is a world leading international legal search and recruitment firm with offices in London, Asia, Australia and Canada.
Share this job
Options
More jobs like this
© 2011 - 2014 Centaur Media Plc. Powered by Madgex .