Jobs
Detail
6897 « InternSG – Singapore Internship Programs
Company
Seriously Man
Designation
Editorial Intern
Date Listed
29 Apr 2014
Job Type
Internship / Contract and Freelance / Project   ( Entry Level / Junior Executive )
Job Period
Immediate Start, For At Least 3 Months
Location
Central Town Area
Allowance / Remuneration
$200 (project based)
Profession
Art / Creative / Design / Media and Editorial / Linguist / Writing
Industry
Media / Publication
Company Profile:Seriously Man, or SM for short, is the quintessential men's lifestyle blogazine catered to the everyday smooth gentlemen. Over here, you'll find everything you need to know about being the perfect, smooth gent; we offer highly informational and witty how-to guides, commentaries and features on dating, style, fitness and whatnot. You get the idea. Other than bringing articles on the art of gentlemanhood to the masses, Seriously Man also puts the Art into Action by conducting workshops and seminars for guys serious about becoming THE gentleman.
Job Description:We are currently looking for 1 aspiring writer, hopefully someone radical, to join us on what will be an amazing, inspiring, unforgettable, exciting 3 months (or more) of internship. Here are the deets:-WHATWriting, editing, research, photo sourcing & editing, conducting interviews, publishing, social media marketingWHOSomebody who understands what it means to be the perfect gent (don't be fooled, the ladies are not excluded... we'd love a female perspective), flair for writing and a dose of wits. A sharp sense of style is a bonus.WHENIt's now or never!WHEREWe're flexible. We operate out of anywhere comfortable with an internet connection.WHYAt the end of/during the internship, you're in for... a) written recommendation/testimonial from us that you can use to beef up your resume b) an invaluable experience of taking a young, ambitious start-up to the next levelc) no bureaucracy & red tapes; you are free to express your own style of writing, no matter how controversiald) lattes and cookies on us
For interested individuals, please send over your resume and 2 writing samples to our email, seriouslymansg@gmail.com. Suitable candidates will be contacted by us for a little chat.
Copyright © 2014
- All Rights Reserved -