Jobs
Detail
6894 « InternSG – Singapore Internship Programs
Company
HRBoss
Designation
Marketing and Design Intern
Date Listed
29 Apr 2014
Job Type
Internship / Contract   ( Entry Level / Junior Executive )
Job Period
Immediate Start, For At Least 6 Months
Location
17A Boon Tat Street Singapore 069618
Allowance / Remuneration
$800 - $1,000 monthly
Profession
Art / Creative / Design / Media
Industry
Information Technology
Company Profile:HRBoss is Asia's leading HR & Recruiting software provider. We are the first and only HR and staffing software platform to be created in Asia, for global businesses. All of our Cloud solutions are intuitive, highly-configurable and supported locally on-the-ground, across the region. The HRBoss philosophy is simple: to provide our innovative, easy-to-use software, at prices that any business can afford, fully localized for business anywhere.After launching in 2011 we have grown our suite of solutions, our team and our offices. HRBoss is rapidly expanding its global footprint, with offices currently open in 7 countries (Japan, Singapore, Vietnam, China, Indonesia, Malaysia and Hong Kong) today - and more to follow...
Job Description:In order to support our rapid growth we are looking for an obsessively organised Marketing Intern to be based in our Tokyo OR Singapore office. You will be supporting our corporate marketing team and working closely with our internal graphic designer on a variety of creative and challenging projects including: Website design, content management across 8 languages and SEO (search engine optimisation)Translation and localisation of marketing materials, including blogs, press releases, advertising materials and other collateralSales & Marketing design collateral (eg banners, brochures, business cards, advertising)Video editing - filming and editing of videos and product screencasts Assisting with organising events across our 7 locations in AsiaSocial media: providing content and optimising social media engagement in JapanWe are looking for a bright spark- someone with the confidence to ask questions, find creative solutions and work hard. This role would suit Marketing or Design Graduates with a personal interest in technology, design, marketing, communications, HR or recruitment. In order to be successful you will need to be technically and socially savvy on the following: Adobe Creative Suite / design programs - Photoshop, Illustrator, InDesign, FireworksPhotography, video equipment and video editing softwareMicrosoft Software - Word, Excel, Powerpoint, Outlook, SharepointSocial Networks – Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, YouTube, Pinterest, Google+ etcOne more thing:Due to the nature of the role managing communications in Japanese and English, native Japanese language is essential. We are looking for someone who can write and communicate fluently in their Japanese mother tongue.In return you would benefit from this real hands-on experience within an exciting start-up organisation. Our interns appreciate being involved with big projects and not being left with the jobs no one else wants to do. If you work hard and prove yourself, you could have an exciting career path with , with opportunities both in Asia and across the world. HRBoss is not your ordinary company and the people we hire are far from ordinary. If you think you have what it takes to join our team and grow with us, please apply online now!
Please apply for this position by submitting your text CV using InternSG.
Kindly note that only shortlisted candidates will be notified.
Copyright © 2014
- All Rights Reserved -