Jobs
Detail
6892 « InternSG – Singapore Internship Programs
Company
Global Lingo (S) Pte Ltd
Designation
Business Development Executive (Singapore)
Date Listed
29 Apr 2014
Job Type
Internship / Contract and Full-time / Permanent   ( Entry Level / Junior Executive and Experienced / Senior Executive )
Job Period
Immediate Start, For At Least 6 Months
Location
105 Cecil Street, #06-01 The Octagon, Singapore 069534
Allowance / Remuneration
$800 - $3,000 monthly
Profession
(All Inclusive / General)
Industry
(All Inclusive / General)
Company Profile:Global Lingo
provides professional transcription, minute-taking, translation and
interpreting services. We're one of the fastest growing language agencies in
the UK, and one of the only agencies to specialise in minute taking and
transcription, as well as translation and interpreting services of the highest
quality.With offices in London, Leeds, Singapore and Cluj in Romania, we are growing
really quickly, helping to ensure that we are always flexible enough to
accommodate our clients’ requirements. We focus on providing our clients with
accurate language services, which deliver value-for-money to their
organisations.Our clients include three serving prime ministers, two of the world's leading
oil companies, three of the world's largest banks and one of the top three
Premiership football clubs.
Job Description:Actively and professionally managing the entire sales cycle from lead generation and lead management to prospecting, arranging appointments, preparing proposals and presentations, negotiating, closing and handing over accounts to the Strategic Account Management team where necessary.Effectively meeting
(and exceeding) sales targets.Ensuring that all
sales opportunities are fully captured and explored.Building, managing
and maintaining a substantial pipeline.Ensuring that all
activity is accurately documented and kept up-to-date in the CRM system.Providing timely
response and exceptional levels of service to all enquiries.Researching and
understanding prospects’ products, competition, industry, marketing goals and
objectives, overall business requirements and ROI objectives, and to advise
clients accordingly on the best mix of services required to meet these
objectives.Creating polished
proposals, presentations, contracts and other documentation, in line with
relevant department procedures.Responding to
tenders, Requests for Proposals (RFPs) and other requests for information in a
timely and organised manner.Attending meetings
with customers as required.Liaising with
colleagues in other department when required.Any other duties
commensurate with the level of role to ensure the smooth operation of Global
Lingo’s business.
• A proven and impressive new business track record would be desirable but not essential.
• Sales experience in a client facing environment would be highly desirable.
• Experience of selling language services is an advantage; passion and determination to succeed is a must.
• Proven listening, negotiating and influencing skills.
• Analytical, with the ability to interpret information, news, data and research quickly – and distil the most important/relevant information to build intelligent sales strategies for businesses of all sizes.
• Strong time management, planning and organisational skills.
• Ability to meet tight deadlines and remain calm under pressure.
• Ability to carry out responsibilities with minimal supervision and thrive both on own initiative and as part of a team.
• Credible and confident with the gravitas to build relationships with executives at all business levels.
• Personable and approachable with a passion for excellence.
• Well presented.
• Quick thinking and adaptable.
The role may occasionally require being able and willing to work outside normal office hours if necessary.
Please apply for this position by submitting your text CV using InternSG.
Kindly note that only shortlisted candidates will be notified.
Copyright © 2014
- All Rights Reserved -