Jobs
Detail
6887 « InternSG – Singapore Internship Programs
Company
Tickled Media Pte Ltd
Designation
Corporate Sales Intern
Date Listed
29 Apr 2014
Job Type
Internship / Contract   ( Entry Level / Junior Executive )
Job Period
Immediate Start, For At Least 3 Months
Location
118B Telok Ayer Street
Allowance / Remuneration
$600 - $800 monthly
Profession
Business / Management
Industry
Media / Publication
Company Profile:Tickled Media is a South East
Asian focused parenting digital publisher. We are the publishers behind
theAsianParent.com, Kidlander.com and Pregnant.sg. We reach out to hundreds of
thousands of parents in this region.We are also leaders in the social media space,
providing cutting edge consultancy services to local and international
companies.
Job Description:We are
looking for a driven and passionate Corporate Sales Intern to join the Tickled
Media team. As a Corporate Sales Intern, you will have four key functions:
Sales Planning, Research, Project Work and Marketing. You will support the
entire Sales team through the sales process.
Responsibilities include, but are
not limited to:
After full training on a Customer Relationship Management (CRM)
tool, you will use this on a daily basis to support our Sales Team.
You will be highly involved with critical business tasks such as
verifying inbound leads and account creation.
Aid with the automation and standardization of prospecting
processes.
You will also have the opportunity to attend client calls and
receive training on selling techniques.
You will liaise with the Marketing team to coordinate sales follow
up with prospective clients.
Skills and Requirements
Excellent written and verbal communication skillsExcellent phone manner and presentation skills
IT Skills: Microsoft Office (Advanced Microsoft Excel skills are a
plus)Articulate and able to clearly express their views and opinions
Exceptional time-management and organizational skills
Highly motivated, a self starter, keen to gain business experience
High attention to detail in a fast-paced environment
Ability to work independently and as part of a team
Great interpersonal skills, creativity and a good sense of humor!
Actively involved in social media
Strong interest in sales and business development
Passion. We want you to come in to work, excited about being here!
Please apply for this position by submitting your text CV using InternSG or directly to hr@tickledmedia.com
Kindly note that only shortlisted candidates will be notified.
Copyright © 2014
- All Rights Reserved -