Jobs
Detail
6886 « InternSG – Singapore Internship Programs
Company
Tickled Media Pte Ltd
Designation
Media Intern
Date Listed
29 Apr 2014
Job Type
Internship / Contract   ( Entry Level / Junior Executive )
Job Period
Immediate Start, For At Least 3 Months
Location
118B Telok Ayer Street
Allowance / Remuneration
$600 - $800 monthly
Profession
Art / Creative / Design / Media and Business / Management
Industry
Media / Publication
Company Profile:Tickled Media is a South East
Asian focused parenting digital publisher. We are the publishers behind
theAsianParent.com, Kidlander.com and Pregnant.sg. We reach out to hundreds of
thousands of parents in this region.
We are also leaders in the social
media space, providing cutting edge consultancy services to local and
international companies.
Job Description:
We are
looking for a creative and tech-savvy Media Intern to join the Tickled Media team.
As a Media Intern your main function will be to assist in the marketing and
execution of clients’ social media campaigns.
Responsibilities include, but are
not limited to:
Copyediting
clients’ content for social media.
Checking
social media growth and reporting findings to the team.
Drafting of
sales and marketing literature.
Assisting in
the coordination and implementation various clients’ marketing campaigns.
Opportunity
to earn bonuses through various sales incentive.
Skills and Requirements
Excellent writing and verbal communication         IT Skills: Microsoft Office (Adobe Photoshop would be a plus)        Be active and have a good knowledge of social media (specifically
Facebook and Google+)        Highly motivated, a self starter, keen to gain business experience        Good interpersonal skills, working within a small team and a good
sense of humor!        A flair for creativity, imagination and design        Basic knowledge of sales would be a bonus        Passion. We want you to come in to work, excited about being here!
Please apply for this position by submitting your text CV using InternSG or directly to hr@tickledmedia.com
Kindly note that only shortlisted candidates will be notified.
Copyright © 2014
- All Rights Reserved -