Digital Account Manager- SINGAPORE - £40K+9 Job with Ultimate Asset | 572835
-->
or
Digital Account Manager- SINGAPORE - £40K+9
/
£40000 - £45000 per annum
Shortlist
Add to shortlist
This is a Digital planning and buying position sitting with a top Global Media Agency within Singapore.The Digital Account Manager will be a senior figure head in the agency. Digital Media Manager Responsibilities:Planning, buying and reporting of cross platform digital advertising campaigns across an exciting portfolio of clientsThe Digital Media Manger shall ensure the most effective and latest routes to market via digital media.Keep the agency and clients informed on the latest options and most efficient routes to potential audiences via the full suite of digital media options including real time bidding, exchanges, networks, site specific, mobile, tablet and new and emerging digital media channels.The Media Manager will be an individual who can thrive in a fast-paced environment, have the ability to multi-task and prioritise across multiple projects. General Media Manager Responsibilities:The Digital Media Manager shall be responsible for planning ROI driven media campaigns using industry tools and previous campaign dataThe Media Manager works with the Media planning team to provide integrated cross platform Digital campaignsDelivering new or emerging digital media buys for our clientsNegotiate best value and rates with media ownersSet and oversee best practice in all digital media campaigns and own the internal process for digital media planning, buying and reportingCoordinate with digital production teams on creative content to support digital campaignsManage and mentor the Digital Trafficker Digital Media Manager Knowledge and Experience:The Digital Media Manager shall be extremely passionate and knowledgeable about digital mediaHave at least 2-3 years' experience within a digital or integrated media agencyA great working knowledge of digital media channels and contacts within this industryKnowledge of Mobile and Tablet landscape opportunities and Social and Search advertising platformsExperience of planning, buying, delivering and reporting on integrated cross media campaignsPassionate about creative thinking and have a genuine interest for theatre, the arts and live entertainment. Making the move to a Media Agency in APAC: Digital is starting to boom- this gives you the chance to go over with your skills and lead the change. A HUGE chance to stand outA real opportunity to become the digital lead and influence your agencies growth, bringing learnings with Emerging Media, Data, Mobile, Programmatic etc. This is a fantastic opportunity to step up in your career whilst enjoying the amazing lifestyle that Singapore brings.WORKING AND LIVING IN SINGAPORE:Living in Singapore provides a FANTASTIC QUALITY OF LIFE! With Gyms and Pools often coming as standard in accommodation and weekend trips to Thailand and Indonesia being easily accessible.If you think that this Digital agency opportunity in Singapore (APAC) is for you then do get in touch.
Share
Posted
29 April 2014
Closes
27 May 2014
Ref
EBsing
Contact
Emily Brennan
Sector
,
Function
Role
Specialism
Hours
Contract Type
Apply for Digital Account Manager- SINGAPORE - £40K+9
Have a Brand Republic Jobs account?
and we'll pre-fill this application for you.
Apply
First name
Last name
Email address
Cover Message
Upload your CV
Choose a file
Your CV must be a .doc, .pdf, .docx, .rtf, and no bigger than 1Mb
Email me jobs like this one when they become available
Use my CV and cover letter as a template next time I apply
By applying for a job listed on Brand Republic Jobs you agree to our
and
You should never be required to provide bank account details. If you are, please .
About Ultimate Asset
Since 2005 Ultimate Asset has brought together the most talented and motivated people within digital. We are true digital natives, and our team of consultants have actually held many of the roles they recruit for.
More jobs like this
-->
-->
-->
-->
-->
-->
-->
-->
© 2009 - 2014 Brand Republic Jobs, all rights reserved. Powered by Madgex Job Board Software
-->
-->
\n