Head Of Medical Affairs , Singapore / Malaysia
Head Of Medical Affairs , Singapore / Malaysia (RE-12510199) Malaysia
Medical Affairs Manager (Diabetes), Singapore and Malaysia
Based in Malaysia
The role of the Medical Affairs Manager is to increase leadership in diabetes and provide scientific support in the Diabetes therapeutic area.
This candidate will be responsible to increase access to company products through providing quality medical and scientific support to KOLs and other healthcare professionals and ensure that they are aware of and understand the scientific basis for our compounds within Diabetes.
This candidate will work cross-functional:
-Responsible for developing KOL management and local publication plans, setting up and running regional/local advisory boards and providing scientific contribution before and during the meeting - all in cooperation with colleagues in the Medical and Marketing team.
-Responsible for setting up meetings with Drug Formulary Committees and Expert Groups in collaboration with the Market Access Managers.
-Developing and delivering presentations at local meetings and symposia and for providing high quality medical education and training to external customers (clinicians and HCPs within diabetes) and to the company employees.
-Input into promotion materials will also be required for ensuring compliance with local guidelines.
This candidate will participate in and contribute effectively to the Clinical / Medical / Regulatory team, national conferences, with marketing & market access team and sales team, in cross-functional projects in company .
Drive the non-interventional studies conducted by company, including Clinical Experience Programme and patient surveys.
Qualifications, Professional Experience and Competencies
MBBS / MD degree - Pharmacology / Internal Medicine/ Endocrinology
Minimum 2 years’ experience in pharmaceutical industry
Strong Scientific expertise and good business understanding
High level of innovation and initiative in developing medical communication that will impact business and improve operational and organizational effectiveness
Excellent communication and engagement skills
Self-starter, engaged, dynamic and results-driven with excellent networking abilities
Fluent in English (verbal and written) and willing to travel primarily within Malaysia and Singapore
Please send in your CV to me in word document at
Name:
Please include your first and last name.
Email:
@
Phone:
Please include your country code.
CV / Resume:
Eligibility:
Yes, I am currently eligible to work (work permit/visa/citizenship) in the country to which I am applying.
No, I am not currently eligible to work (work permit/visa/citizenship) in the country to which I am applying.
Head Of Medical Affairs , Singapore / Malaysia (RE-12510199) Malaysia
Thank you for submitting your application. It has been sent to a recruiter who will be in touch.