JobsCentral Singapore Jobs - Digital Marketing Executive by Zion Global Marketing Pte. Ltd.
Closing Date: 29th May 201429/04/2014
Zion Global Marketing Pte. Ltd.
Ordinary people who TRANSFORM into Great Business Minds, Best-selling Authors, Ambitious Entrepreneurs, Game Changers - people who believe they can become the person they WANT to be. These are the people who are part of Zion Global Marketing Pte Ltd as employees, partners and trainers.
Zion Global Marketing Pte Ltd, an internet marketing consultancy firm established in 2009 with operations based in Singapore. The company works with small, medium sized entreprises (SMEs) which have a problem of generating leads and customers for their business. And we specifically rely on digital marketing strategies like Facebook Marketing & online media buying to help our clients generate more exposure and acquire quality leads and sales online for their business.
We run a subsidiary named, WealthMastery.sg which believes in empowering people with the right skills & knowledge to master the art of creating wealth, happiness and success in their lives. And as a company, we provide education in the form of high quality content on the website as well as the running of live programs and workshops in key topics which include (but are not limited to) Life Coaching, Property Investing, Entrepreneurship and Forex Trading.
Our company is run by young, dynamic, successful and passionate people, eager to help bring the community be equipped with the right skills & knowledge that is necessary to thrive in this extremely competitive, global economy. So we focus on creating a unique learning experience for our stakeholders who are motivated for their success.
If you like what you see, apply to join us today!
Digital Marketing Executive
In our day and age, it’s much faster and easier for ANYONE to get connected to learn, to grow and even to realize their hidden potential. So your main task is to be part of a dynamic team in the company, spear heading revolutionary marketing campaigns that help us and our clients REACH OUT to as many people as possible using the Internet, to share what we know and to grow as a community.
Brief Job Description
Manage paid advertising campaigns for our various projects and clients
Generate leads through various digital marketing channels
Implement tracking and split-testing of digital marketing campaigns
Evaluate effectiveness of overall digital marketing campaigns
Write advertising copy materials for digital marketing campaigns
Benefits of This Position
You’ll get to learn about specific internet marketing, traffic generation, copywriting & sales strategies that we’re currently implementing in our business and our clients' businesses.
You’ll get the chance to fully implement what you’ll be learning on the real life projects that you’ll be put in charge of.  So it’s no longer just theory but real applications of all the latest and most effective internet marketing strategies.
You’ll be part of a company which is truly adding value to society and changing lives through the events and content we roll out every single week. So if you believe in making a positive difference and contribution to this world, you’ll be part of this powerful mission our company is embarking on.
You’ll be joining a young and dynamic team. And one of the perks of joining a small growing team is, we treat everyone like family and you can expect much fun and also long lasting friendships to be built.
With that said, if you’re chosen, be prepared to WORK HARD and even PLAY HARDER. :)
Qualities We're Looking For:
Good command in English (both written and spoken)
Adaptable & keen on learning new things
Responsible and self-motivated
Able to work individually as well as in a team
Savvy with the Internet
Creativity, basic html skills, photoshop skills, excel skills and good copywriting skills are "good to have", but not required.
Because we believe that people should look forward to going to work each day and have fun working with the people in the organization, we’re creating a work environment that is designed to make you smile when working on your tasks, working with your team mates and during company meetings.
There will be events, parties and even a special sports day where we’ll play it out! You’ll get to know your team mates on a fun & personal level. You’ve just got to experience to believe! Interested candidates are invited to apply online. If shortlisted, we'll contact you for an interview within the next few days. Thanks and we look forward to having you onboard our team!
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
Sending..
This job was successfully e-mailed.
An unknown error has occurred. Please try again later.
E-mail this job to a friend... Or yourself!
Error. Please check that the e-mails are valid.
From (your e-mail)
To (recipient's e-mail)
Your name
Notes
Login to save this job to your account.
Login is currently unavailable while we perform necessary maintenance. We apologize for any inconvenience. Please try again later.
Saving...
You've Successfully Saved:
Sign in Successful!
Notes:
Your note has been saved successfully.
Close >>
Error!
Sign In
Your registration is out of date, you need to update your challenge questions to continue.
Verify your identity to proceed.
Email Address or Password is Invalid
Email Address:
Password:
Automatically sign me in next time.
Login
Sorry!
Close
Authorizing...
Thanks for your patience - we'll be done shortly.