Aceh Jobs: Job Vacancies at ConocoPhillips Indonesia
Lowongan Kerja BUMN
Lowongan Kerja Bank
Lowongan Kerja NGO
Lowongan Kerja Migas
Penerimaan CPNS
Sunday, May 4, 2014
Job Vacancies at ConocoPhillips Indonesia
ConocoPhillips
is the world’s largest independent E&P company based on production
and proved reserves. Headquartered in Houston, Texas, ConocoPhillips had
operations and activities in 27 countries, $54 billion in annual
revenue, $118 billion of total assets, and approximately 18,400
employees as of Dec. 31, 2013. Production from continuing operations
averaged 1,502 MBOED in 2013, and preliminary proved reserves were 8.9
billion BOE as of Dec. 31, 2013.
Employees across the globe focus on fulfilling our core SPIRIT Values of
safety, people, integrity, responsibility, innovation and teamwork. And
we apply the characteristics that define leadership excellence in how
we engage each other, collaborate with our teams, and drive the
business.
The Apprentice Programs at ConocoPhillips Indonesia are
development acceleration programs for new university graduates with business, petro-technical, or engineering
backgrounds.
As an apprentice, you can participate in an intensive one-year development program designed to sharpen your
technical and soft skills and prepare you to become a globally competitive ConocoPhillips employee. The programs
include on the job training, classroom training, practical experience, and coaching and mentoring by experienced
colleagues.
The performance of all apprentices is continuously reviewed and assessed. Upon successful completion of an
Apprentice Program, you will become an employee of ConocoPhillips Indonesia and can have future opportunities in
other global business units.
Business Apprentice Program
The ConocoPhillips Indonesia Business Apprenticeship Program was created identify, attract, develop and
retain consistently exceptional performers who have the potential to become future leaders with us.
This is a highly competitive program that will expose you to current opportunities and prepare you for future
challenges. Program scope covers ConocoPhillips upstream support groups and focuses on how our business meets the
requirements of all stakeholders, including investors, employees, customers, vendors and our local communities.
In particular, the program provides business apprentices with the opportunity to gain and demonstrate the
following positive characteristics:
Commercial Awareness
Effective Communication
Innovation and Creativity
Leadership
Personal and Team Skills
Planning and organizing
Problem Analysis
Requirements for Business Apprentice:
Bachelor/Master Degree in Accounting, Finance, Industrial Engineering, Law, Management, Mechanical Engineering,
and Tax with minimum GPA of 3.30 of 4.00 scales or 82.5 of 100 scales.
PetroTech Apprentice Program
The highly competitive PetroTech Apprentice Program is designed especially for the early-career development
of upstream geoscientists and engineers, who can grow to become top-performing technical experts with
ConocoPhillips Indonesia.
Apprentices focus on current initiatives, as well as prepare for the excitement of future challenges and
opportunities. This includes learning about ConocoPhillips upstream support groups and how our business meets the
requirements of all stakeholders, including investors, employees, customers, vendors and our local communities.
Your competencies will be accelerated through several different assignments, with the goal of strengthening
your core skills through work on significant projects in one or more following areas:
Drilling Engineering
Geology and Geophysics
Operations and Engineering Excellence
Production/Completions Engineering
Projects/Facilities Engineering
Reservoir Engineering
Each PetroTech Apprentice will have the support of a technical coach and mentor,
while gaining valuable experience within a highly competitive, dynamic team environment that requires high-
quality deliverables on tight deadlines.
Requirements for Petrotech Apprentice:
Bachelor/Master Degree in Chemical Engineering, Geology, Geophysicist, Mechanical Engineering, and Petroleum
Engineering, with minimum GPA of 3.20 of 4.00 scales or 80.00 of 100 scales.
Operation Apprentice Program
ConocoPhillips Indonesia has strategic hiring needs for qualified operators and technicians who can grow
our business into the future.
The Operation Apprentice Program was developed precisely for this purpose.
We are interested in hiring recent Diploma 3 Degree (D3) graduates with a 3.0 GPA (or higher), familiarity
with the oil and gas industry, and the desire to move around to different field locations. Opportunities within
the Operation Apprentice Program include:
Electrical, D3 – Electrical Engineers
Instrument/System and Electronic Engineers, D3 – Instrument Engineers
Mechanical, D3 – Mechanical Engineers
Operator, D3 – Chemical Engineers
Requirements for Operation Apprentice:
Diploma 3 in Chemical Engineering, Electrical Engineering, Instrument/ Electronics Engineering, and Mechanical
Engineering with Minimum GPA of 3.00 of 4.00 scales or 75 of 100 scales.
Please submit your application at
Posted by
at
Labels:
,
No comments:
Berlangganan Via E-Mail
Subscribe via Email
Labels
Blog Archive
(36)
(7)
(13)
(5)
(6)
(5)
(356)
(10)
(25)
(18)
(39)
(15)
(13)
(18)
(43)
(61)
(74)
(33)
(7)
(333)
(9)
(17)
(24)
(21)
(15)
(34)
(32)
(40)
(47)
(32)
(34)
(28)
(53)
(53)
Popular Posts
Lowongan Kerja Bank BRI (Persero)
- PT. BANK RAKYAT INDONESIA (PERSERO) Tbk
membutuhkan tenaga Mantri Kupedes
& Account Officer .
S...
Lowongan Kerja PT Jamsostek (Persero)
- PT Jamsostek (Persero) , Badan Usaha Milik Negara (BUMN) yang bergerak dibidang jaminan sosial tena...
Perusahaan Jasa Konsultan Nasional yang sedang mengerjakan Proyek Percepatan Pembangunan Sosial Ekonomi Daerah Tertinggal (P2SEDT)
di Pr...
Berdasarkan Keputusan Menteri Pendayagunaan Aparatur Negara dan Reformasi Birokrasi Nomor 223 Tahun 2013 dan hasil Rapat Koordinasi Penerima...
Berdasarkan surat Keputusan Menteri Pendayagunaan Aparatur Negara dan
Reformasi Birokrasi Nomor 194 Tahun 2013 tentang Formasi Pegawai Ne...
Berdasarkan Keputusan Menteri Pendayagunaan Aparatur Negara dan
Reformasi Birokrasi Nomor 211 Tahun 2013 tentang Formasi Pegawai Negeri
S...
Berdasarkan Keputusan Menteri Pendayagunaan Aparatur Negara dan Reformasi Birokrasi Nomor 170 Tahun 2013 dan dalam rangka mengisi Formasi Pe...
Dalam rangka mengisi lowongan formasi CPNS Tahun Anggaran 2013, sebagaimana ditetapkan dengan Keputusan Menteri Negara Pendayagunaan Aparatu...
PT PP (Persero) Tbk., Kontraktor Nasional Badan Usaha Milik Negara (BUMN) dalam mengantisipasi prospek pertumbuhan dan perkembangan usaha se...
Dalam rangka memenuhi kebutuhan tenaga kerja sebagai Operator  Distribusi, Pemeliharaan Distribusi dan Tim Khusus Pekerjaan Dalam Keadaan B...
Powered by .
Designed By