Pertamina Jobs: Bimbingan Praktis Ahli | Bimbingan Profesi Sarjana
|      |      |
|
|
|
|
|
|
Pertamina Jobs: Bimbingan Praktis Ahli | Bimbingan Profesi Sarjana
Page 1 of 2
For more than half a century, Pertamina has met the domestic demand for energy by managing integrated operations in the oil & gas and geothermal energy sector and has constantly strived to improve its operational and financial performance in order to contribute maximally to the Indonesian economy. Pertamina seeks extraordinarily talented individuals who share our values and has passion in becoming part of the great team to accomplish our extraordinary vision: to become a world class national oil and gas company.
Bimbingan Praktis Ahli (BPA-D3) Batch I Gelombang 2 Tahun 2014
Job Description
ADVERTISEMENT
Follow a comprehensive education program in the Bimbingan Praktis Ahli (BPA) where there will be a combination the classroom training and On the Job Training Program (OJT).
Learn overall company's business processes activities, observe and analyze the field conditions.
Job Requirement
Minimum GPA 2.75.
Diploma 3 graduate or possess Surat Keterangan Lulus from the university with minimum accreditation score B.
Maximum age 25 years old by 2014.
Sound mind and body.
Minimum English Score: TOEFL: PBT (350) / IBT (30) / IELTS 4.5 / TOEIC (350).
Copy of Drugs-Free Certificate (Surat Bebas NAPZA (Narkotika, Psikotropika dan Zat Adiktif)).
Copy of Police Notes (SKCK).
Active in organizational activities and willing to be placed in all over Pertamina's operational area.
Academic major:
Mechanical Engineering
Metallurgy Engineering
Chemical Engineering
Electrical Engineering
Physics Engineering
Civil Engineering
Statistical
Accounting
Management
Enviromental Engineering
ADVERTISEMENT
Test location:
Western Sumatera: Medan
Southern Sumatera: Palembang
DKI Jakarta: Jakarta
Western Java: Bandung
Central Java: Yogyakarta
West Java - Bali - Nusa Tenggara: Surabaya
Kalimantan: Balikpapan
Sulawesi: Makassar
Maluku - Papua: Jayapura
1
SPONSORED LINK
POSTING LOWKER
TERBARU
UPDATE LOWKER
TERPOPULER
STATISTIK
Copyright © 2008 - 2014 jobsID.co. All Rights Reserved.
Casino Bonus at