Civil Engineer Jobs in Namal Education Foundation, Lahore, Pakistan | JI39801
Job Seeker Login:
|
If you're looking to post a job or searching resumes, go to our employer website
Civil Engineer Jobs in Lahore, Pakistan
Company Name
Namal Education Foundation
Job Functional Area
Job Title
Civil Engineer
Job Location
,
Degree Title
Civil Engineer
Minimum Experience
7 Years
Posted on
May 04, 2014
Last Date to Apply
May 18, 2014
Job Description
Namal Education Foundation is constructing a university at Namal approximately 35 Km from Mianwali, Punjab. Following vacancies exist in the Project Department.
Civil Engineer:
Qualification: Degree in Civil Engineer from any University Recognized by HEC and should be registered with Pakistan Engineering Council.
Experience: 7 to 10 Years with reputable construction companies with minimum 7 years experience in the construction of Building, Roads and Infrastructure.
Should be a good team leader.
Should be well conversant with local and international codes of practices.
Shall be responsible for quality of work, control of budget and timely completion of work and allied activates.
Must have experience of plumbing, Electrical works and wood work.
Should be able to evaluate cost and prepare cost estimates/rate analysis.
Should be able to verify contractor's bills prepare and submit progress reports to the management.Apply Instructions for This Job
Application must be submitted along with C.V within 15 days of publication of this advertisement on the address given below. Only short listed candidate shall be contacted.
Project Director
Namal Education Foundation
75-D/1, Main Boulevard, Gulberg III, Liberty Roundabout, Lahore, Pakistan.
Tel:- 042-35782741-44Find Similar Jobs needs to fill the following vacancies:
1- Civil Engineer: with at least 5 years of experience
2- Architects
3- Electrical Engineers
4- AutoCAD Drafts ... & Evaluation of project development with risk management. 10 years in contract management and control of-multi-discipline (General contractors, Sub-contractor ... in Civil Engineering.
- 5-10 years UAE experience in the preparation of sub-contract agreements and material approvals.
2- Foreman (Civil)
- Diploma in Civil E ... in Civil Engineering
- 5-7 years experience.
10- Draughtsman:
- MEP Diploma in Mechanical or Electromechanical Engineering
- 5-7 years experience.
11- Drau ... Engineer with minimum 5 years Bahrain experience required for Trading & Contracting Company. ...
More Jobs
, Find Relevant Functional Area Jobs, , , , , , ,
* Your Full Name:
* Your Email Address:
* Friends' Email Addresses:
[Separate email addresses with comma, max 3 emails at a time]
Job Title:
Civil Engineer
Add Note (Optional):
Log in to save this job, and find the jobs you saved already! If you are new at Careermidway.com, please
Email Address:
Password:
Enter your email address. You will receive a notification email with details on login information.
Enter email address
Post Comments on this Job
Relevant comments on this job are highly appreciated.
Please use personal name or nickname rather keywords in the name field.
Comments filling the fields with anchor text to spam this site and search engines may be edited, have URLs removed, or deleted entirely.
Your Name:
Your Email:
Show Email:
Check this to show your email address alongwith your name/comments.
Your Comments:
Enter Code*:
International Jobs
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
© Copyright 2014 All rights reserved Careermidway.com
|
|
|
|