FASHION DESIGNER, SENIOR – MENSWEAR (FDM) - LEE COOPER INDONESIA, PT | jobsDB Indonesia
INDONESIA
Post Date 06-May-14
jobsDB Ref. JID200003001130624 Employer Ref.
RN6/5
LEE COOPER INDONESIA, PT
You are “young, stylish & fun” and currently are looking for and enjoy working in a casual friendly environment?Lee Cooper Indonesia is opening the following challenges for youWhat you need to know before applying.. Yang perlu diketahui sebelum melamar..About us..Lee Cooper started 100years ago. We have been crafting Denim  in East London since 1908.  Lee Cooper has been around in Indonesia since 1989 and is now one of the leading Denim Brands with its own outlets spreading across the archipelago of Indonesia.We are the British one. We value our Heritage and our spirit is Young, Stylish and Fun. Our vision, mission and values..With VISION “to be the most desirable” and MISSION “to deliver our most to give value to all stakeholders”, we take ownership and groom ourselves to be the best leaders, performing as a champion team, delivering our most to give values to all stakeholders. Our CORE VALUES reflect our culture, our DNA and they act as our filter for all decision making. We carry 6 Core Values that define who we are: “Thirst for Learning, Innovation, Embrace Diversity, Togetherness, Young at Heart, and Taking Ownership”. Your style..Lee Cooper is in the Denim Fashion Industry, Our employees enjoy casual work environment so be free to be yourself and show your passion… Be Young, Stylish & Fun!If you are now sure that you are fit to the requirement and share the same value as ours,  then we are looking forward to receiving your resume with current photograph to :
(put the Code as the email subject. No Code written, email will be deleted automatically) Tentang kami..Lee Cooper dimulai 100 tahun lalu. Kami terus berkecimpung dengan Denim di East London sejak 1908.Lee Cooper telah ada di Indonesia sejak 1989 dan sampai sekarang masih menjadi salah satu Merek Denim yang terdepan dengan toko-tokonya yang tersebar di seluruh kepulauan Indonesia.We are the British one. We value our Heritage and our spirit is Young, Stylish and Fun. Visi, Misi dan Nilai Kami..Dengan VISI “Menjadi Yang Paling Diinginkan” dan MISI “Lakukanlah yang terbaik agar apa yang diberikan kepada semua pihak yang terkait menjadi bernilai”, kami harus selalu mengambil inisiatif untuk memiliki dan mengembangkan diri untuk menjadi pemimpin yang terbaik, mencapai hasil sebagai tim pemenang, dan melakukan yang terbaik agar apa yang diberikan kepada semua pihak yang terkait menjadi bernilai.NILAI kami mencerminkan budaya dan DNA kami. Mereka bertindak sebagai saringan pada setiap proses. Kami membawa 6 Nilai Utama yang menunjukkan siapa diri kami yaitu : Haus Pembelajaran, Inovasi, Merangkul Perbedaan, Kebersamaan, Berjiwa Muda dan Memiliki.Gayamu..Leecooper bergerak dalam Industri Denim Fashion. Karyawan kami menikmati suasana kerja yang kasualJadi, jangan ragu untuk menjadi dirimu sendiri and tunjukkan hasratmu… Jadilah Yang Muda, Yang Bergaya dan Fun!Jika Saudara yakin Saudara cocok dengan requirement tersebut di atas dan membawa nilai yang sama, silahkan email resume dan foto terbaru Saudara ke :
(cantumkan KODE sebagai subyek email. Email tidak akan dibaca jika tidak mencantumkan KODE)
FASHION DESIGNER, SENIOR – MENSWEAR (FDM)
We are looking for someone who shares the same value of PT. Lee Cooper Indonesia’s value to be our Senior Fashion Designer for Menswear. As a FDM, you must have an enthusiasm in fashion and has awareness in domestic and international trends to ensure brand awareness is retained.Working closely with design and merchandising team, FDM will be in charge of guiding all steps of the design process, from initial conception to final manufacture.An ideal candidate is expected to have a strong interpersonal skill, an organized and self-starter person, also possessing excellent leadership qualities. Active English and having a good know how of Adobe Photoshop/Corel Draw and Illustrator is a must.Key Responsibilities:Designing and developing menswear from initial concept to finished product.Work closely with the design team with trend, color, shape, graphic and fabric direction.Overseas travel for inspiration and factory visits will be required.Interpret trends and translate them to the target marketCoaching junior design team membersRequirement:Share and demonstrate same value as PT. Lee Cooper Indonesia’s core valuesMust have a minimum of 4 years experience.  Previous experience working within Denim and Menswear is preferable.Strong interpersonal skills with good written and verbal communication across all levels.A good understanding of CAD and an up to date portfolio to demonstrate this.Experience in range design, presentation skills, researching trends, eye for detail and must have a good commercial eye is essential to the role. Technical knowledge is a must for fabric quality/ fit /proto sample approvalExperience in making tech packsMaintain good business relationship with mills and manufacturers.Self starter who is motivated with a disciplines approach to problem solving.If you are now sure that you are the one that we are looking for, then please email your resume with current photograph to :(put the Code as the email subject. No Code written, email will be deleted automatically)
Career LevelMiddle Yr(s) of Exp4 years Qualification(N/A) IndustryClothing/Garment/Textile Job Function >
>
>
Location Jakarta Selatan
SalarySalary negotiable
Employment TypeFull Time
-
is a part of , , , , ,
in  placed by . Keywords:
Tools
Copyright © 1998-2014, jobsDB Inc. All Rights Reserved.
|