EHS Manager Job in Jakarta, Indonesia
Email:
Password:
Keep me logged in
Powered by
You can checkout a maximum of 150 jobs.
Create a free virtual CV and let recruiters find you
Automatically have your profile matched to suitable Oil & Gas positions
Link to your profile using it as a free online CV
Store all your employment documents to your profile for easy sending
Always receive feedback on positions applied for
Advertise Oil and Gas jobs for free
Suitable candidates automatically matched to your position
View candidate profiles for free
No more waiting for candidates to respond to job advertisements
Only ever pay when you match a candidate to a position
No more cold calling and sorting through out dated CVs
EHS ManagerAdd to Jobs BasketYou can apply for up to 10 jobs at once by adding them to your basket.Application LimitCandidates can apply for up to 150 jobs in 28 days.
> Status: LiveJob DetailsLocation:
> Working Locations: OfficePosted: 06/05/2014 10:00:00Expires: 20/05/2014 10:00:00Job Description
HSE ManagerMy client are an operating company based in Jakarta that are currently producing from onshore and offshore assets in the region.
They have ambitious expansion plans and are looking to purchase more blocks on top if the drilling that they have planned for next year.
One of the key requirements they need to get in place is a HSE Manager.The role will see you reporting into the companies General Manager and leading a team of 5 office based staff as well as the offshore / site HSE personnel.
The role itself will be to develop, implement and maintain a strong HSE culture across Exploration, Drilling and Operations activities. For the position a candidate with the following profile is required:* Indonesian national* Relevant degree (preferred)* 18+ years of Oil & Gas experience* Worked with an operating company* Experience full E&P; cycle * Managerial / team lead experience* Familiarity with all relevant industry and local government standardsIf you are somebody that can help a medium sized company with its ambitious expansion plans and are willing to take on a challenging yet rewarding role then this is just what you are looking for.
Salaries offered are in the region of IDR 100m / month so if you are interested please send your CV to Rob at Leap29.
Similar Jobs to EHS ManagerLiveOffshore Safety Advisor >
> Job DescriptionOur client has built a technological lead specialising in design, development, lease and operation of tanker-based production and storage systems
They are currently recruiting for the position of Offshore Safety Advisor
Responsibilities will include: Advising management and personnel on all aspects of Health and Safety. Promoting the safety culture through safety meetings, tool box talks etc. Carrying out the platform induction programme. Advising line management on implementation of scope of work practices and precautions. Carrying out necessary safety assessments including auditing of SMS systems i.e. PTW, COSHH etc. Maintaining and operating the COSHH systems. Implementing and carrying out the Safety Maintenance Programme. Co-ordinating the Permit to Work system.
Qualifications:
Combined Offshore Survival, Fire Fighting and HUET Certificate or equivalent Minimum Industry Safety Training (MIST) Oil & Gas UK Medical Certificate NEBOSH Certificate or experience COSHH assessor or equivalent Radiation Protection Supervisor Fire Team Member and Fire Team Leader
Experience:
Equivalent industry experience
Training: OIM Legislation Company and Installation Safety Induction Authorised Gas Tester and Trainer Permit to Work- Area Authority (Level 3) Isolating Authority Manual Handling Assessor Task Risk Assessment Control of Noise at Work NEMS/Dosimetry Abrasive Wheels Accident Incident Investigator (senior) BA Maintenance Stress Risk Assessment Dangerous Goods by Air Awareness Asbestos Awareness and 2006 Regulations, Safe Handling of Asbestos Containing Materials, Introduction to Asbestos Surveying and Sampling S/NVQ Level 3 Management/Supervisory Management Development Environmental Management of Permits, Consents, Registrations and Authorisations Awareness Environmental Awareness
Temporary position - approx 4 months
If you feel that you are well suited to the above opportunity and would like to find out more then please contact Orion Group for more information or apply by forwarding your current CV quoting reference 896589
Orion Group currently supplies over 4,500 personnel in roles including Oil & Gas, Renewables, Power & Utilities, Construction, Mining, Rail, Aerospace, IT & Telecoms, Office and Commercial. With 40 offices worldwide, Orion Group operates internationally and in October 2013, were named the UK's number one for Oil & Gas recruitment
Type:
Part Time Work / OffshoreSalary: negOur client has built a technological lead specialising in design, development, lease and operation of tanker-based production and storage systems
They are currently recruiting for the position of Offshore Safety AdvisorPosted: Tue 06 May at 17:00       Expires: Tue 03 Jun at 17:00LiveEHS Manager >
> Job DescriptionHSE Manager
My client are an operating company based in Jakarta that are currently producing from onshore and offshore assets in the region.
They have ambitious expansion plans and are looking to purchase more blocks on top if the drilling that they have planned for next year.
One of the key requirements they need to get in place is a HSE Manager.
The role will see you reporting into the companies General Manager and leading a team of 5 office based staff as well as the offshore / site HSE personnel.
The role itself will be to develop, implement and maintain a strong HSE culture across Exploration, Drilling and Operations activities.
For the position a candidate with the following profile is required:
* Indonesian national
* Relevant degree (preferred)
* 18+ years of Oil & Gas experience
* Worked with an operating company
* Experience full E&P; cycle
* Managerial / team lead experience
* Familiarity with all relevant industry and local government standards
If you are somebody that can help a medium sized company with its ambitious expansion plans and are willing to take on a challenging yet rewarding role then this is just what you are looking for.
Salaries offered are in the region of IDR 100m / month so if you are interested please send your CV to Rob at Leap29.Type:
Long Term Contract / OfficeSalary: Not statedHSE Manager
My client are an operating company based in Jakarta that are currently producing from onshore and offshore assets in the region.
They have ambitious expansion plans a...Posted: Tue 06 May at 10:00       Expires: Tue 20 May at 10:00LiveSenior HSE Auditor >
> Job DescriptionRCJ207 Senior HSE Auditor
Leap29 are inviting an interest from HSE Professionals to join an thriving oil and gas operator. Our client is currently seeking qualified specialists with 10+ years' experience in the HSE field to join the team of professionals as an Senior HSE Specialist in Iraq. The successful candidate will have the great opportunity to work with a company that highly appreciates hard-working and proactive professionals.
The selected candidate will be primarily responsible for assisting in developing and implementing HSE auditing, training and reporting programs.
*To be suitable for this position you will need to have the following background/skills:
*Bachelor degree in relevant discipline
*3+ years experience as a certified OHSAS 18001 lead Auditor
*More than 10 years HSE management experience
*Native English Speaker with fluent English
*Strong experience in auditing for HSE
*NEBOSH certificate a plus
*Experience in oil and gas sector very advantageous
In return you will rewarded with a highly attractive salary package in the region of $120000USD per annum plus additional benefits. The position
is permanent and is on a 28/28 rotation.
If you want to take your career to the next level in a challenging but rewarding location then this is the move for you. If you feel that you have the relevant skills and experience then please apply by following the links provided.Type:
Long Term Contract / SiteSalary: $110000 - $120000 per annumRCJ207 Senior HSE Auditor
Leap29 are inviting an interest from HSE Professionals to join an thriving oil and gas operator. Our client is currently seeking qualified specialists w...Posted: Tue 06 May at 9:00       Expires: Tue 20 May at 9:00LiveHSEQ Coordinator >
> Job DescriptionOur client is a leading international drilling and engineering company working onshore and offshore with a focus on safety, quality and operational performance. They are responsible for several managed offshore platforms and employ over 8,000 personnel worldwide
They are currently recruiting for the position of HSEQ Coordinator, based in Aberdeen
Responsibilities will include: Ensure that all work is carried out in accordance with the Group Management System Procedures. Advise on and facilitate the development and implementation of Group Management System Procedures. Audit and monitor adherence to Group Management System Procedures. Liaise with clients on HSEQ matters to ensure that Management System Procedures address both operational risks and client requirements. Develop systems for the management and promotion of the various types of risk assessments which may be required for group operations and undertake such risk assessments as required. Develop and maintain systems for the recording and follow-up of lessons learned from incidents, risk assessments or similar. Be fully conversant with existing and new statutory legislation, codes of practice and guidance affecting company's world-wide operations. Review subcontractor's health, safety and environmental plans and performance to ensure Group requirements are met. Review safety management system interfaces with clients and subcontractors and ensure they are adequately documented and meet the requirements of client safety cases. Facilitate and support appropriate personnel in the close-out of safety actions
Permanent position
If you feel that you are well suited to the above opportunity and would like to find out more then please contact Orion Group for more information or apply by forwarding your current CV quoting reference 896544
Orion Group currently supplies over 4,500 personnel in roles including Oil & Gas, Renewables, Power & Utilities, Construction, Mining, Rail, Aerospace, IT & Telecoms, Office and Commercial. With 40 offices worldwide, Orion Group operates internationally and in October 2013, were named the UK's number one for Oil & Gas recruitment
Type:
Long Term Contract / OfficeSalary: negOur client is a leading international drilling and engineering company working onshore and offshore with a focus on safety, quality and operational performance. They are responsible for several managed offshore platforms and employ over 8,000 personnel worldwide
They are currently recruiting for the position of HSEQ Coordinator, based in AberdeenPosted: Mon 05 May at 8:00       Expires: Mon 02 Jun at 8:00LiveHSE Manufacturer >
> Job DescriptionHSE Manufacturer - Houston
I am representing an Major International Service Company in the United States, this is an exceptional chance to be part of a hugely successful company. My client have an immediate opening for HSE Manager to join their Houston, TX Office.
As HSE Manager you will be responsible for location specific duties:
*Lead, direct and supervise staff of HSE professionals
*Coordinate the delivery of HSE products and services to operations
*Interfacing with and negotiating with regulatory bodies, clients and subcontractors
*Frequently interface with peers and operations personnel
*Provide direct supervision to entry level employees
*Must be full informed of company HSE programs and strategies
The successful candidate will possess:
*B.S Degree in Engineering, Geology (or equivalent)
*Minimum 5 -10 years relevant experience (oil and gas, automotive, manufacturing)
*Proven ability to lead/teach high volume teams
*Knowledgeable with Lean Six Sigma
*Exceptional HSE record
*Business warehouse experience
*Excellent verbal/written communication skills.
This is a unique vacancy with a company focused on longevity and a harmonious working environment. When you join you will receive a highly competitive compensation plan with excellent incentive bonuses.
All applicants must be eligible to work in the US without sponsorship.
If you feel you meet the desired requirements and wish to explore new opportunities pleas apply for this role please follow the links accordingly.Type:
Long Term Contract / SiteSalary: Not statedHSE Manufacturer - Houston
I am representing an Major International Service Company in the United States, this is an exceptional chance to be part of a hugely successful company....Posted: Fri 02 May at 13:00       Expires: Fri 30 May at 13:00
Featured Recruiters
GOWell is an high-tech company that develops, manufactures and commercializes wireline logging tools with R&D groups based in Houston (USA) and Xi'an and Beijing (China) committed to finding innovative and highly reliable business solutions.
We strive to get closer to our clients and accordingly our growing footprint includes sales offices located in Houston, Dubai, Calgary, Venezuela and Baku.
For more information, visit our website:
Cenergy is a dynamic company that supplies expert workforce solutions to the oil and gas industry. We provide specialized energy personnel, safety solutions, inspection solutions, logistics and vendor management support.
We provide logistics assistance by meeting our clients' planning, dispatching and tracking needs for marine, air, and ground transportation.
Visit our website: .
Orion Group are one of the world's leading engineering recruitment agencies specialising in contract and permanent manpower for the majority of the world's largest energy specialists.
The group have 34 offices located internationally from Calgary and Houston to offices in the Middle East and Asia Pacific.
Visit Orion Group at .
© 2009-2014 oilandgaspeople.com
|