Wholesaler Controller - PT Castrol Indonesia
Wholesaler Controller  -
Wholesaler Controller
Responsibilities
Roles & Responsibility;Responsible in monitoring WS performanceResponsible in processing program claim from calculation to paymentAnalyse and giving input to channel & RSM on WS performance  Qualification;Candidate must possess at least a Bachelor's Degree, any field.At least 1 year(s) of working experience in the related field is required for this position (Data & account management)Good handling & compile dataDeliver output data became sales analyst sourceCapable to understand market insightPreferably Staff (non-management & non-supervisor)s.Full-Time and Contract position available.
Requirements
Company Overview
Castrol is part of BP and the market and technical leader for specialized industrial lubricants, marine lubricants and automotive lubricants for the retail consumer.  Castrol is also a key player in the aviation and commercial vehicles market. We are the third largest marketer of lubricants worldwide.The name derives from its castor oil ingredient, first introduced into the motor industry in 1906. With over 100 years of technological excellence, Castrol has been at the forefront of developing the world’s most advanced engine oils. We have a $9 billion turnover and a direct presence in more than 50 countries, employing over 7,000 employees worldwide. In 100 other markets, lubricants manufactured and marketed by Castrol are supplied through local distributors. As a manufacturer, we pride ourselves on our advanced technology and close work with business partners, ranging from some of the largest global entities, such as Walmart, General Electric, Maersk, Quantas Airlines, Ford and BMW, to smaller independent local businesses. Our name is at the forefront of motorsport – Castrol-sponsored drivers have broken the land speed record more than 20 times. We are also heavily involved in other international sports, notably as sponsors of top tournaments including UEFA EURO 2012™, the 2010 and 2014 FIFA WORLD CUP™, and as official performance partner of the ICC 2011 Cricket World Cup.
Why Join Us?
Indonesia - Jakarta Raya
Min 1 year (Staff (non-management & non-supervisor))
Location MapTb Simatupang, South Jakarta, DKI Jakarta, Indonesia
|  Advertised: 06-May-14  |  Closing Date: 05-Jun-14
>
> ,
• Copyright © 2014