Energy Sector Business Development Account Manager Job in Indonesia
Email:
Password:
Keep me logged in
Powered by
You can checkout a maximum of 150 jobs.
Create a free virtual CV and let recruiters find you
Automatically have your profile matched to suitable Oil & Gas positions
Link to your profile using it as a free online CV
Store all your employment documents to your profile for easy sending
Always receive feedback on positions applied for
Advertise Oil and Gas jobs for free
Suitable candidates automatically matched to your position
View candidate profiles for free
No more waiting for candidates to respond to job advertisements
Only ever pay when you match a candidate to a position
No more cold calling and sorting through out dated CVs
Energy Sector Business Development Account ManagerAdd to Jobs BasketYou can apply for up to 10 jobs at once by adding them to your basket.Application LimitCandidates can apply for up to 150 jobs in 28 days.
> Status: LiveEnergy Sector Business Development Account ManagerJob DetailsLocation: Salary: ExcellentWorking Locations: Office, InternationalPosted: 06/05/2014 07:06:00Expires: 05/07/2014 07:06:00Key Requirements
3-5 years Energy Sector
sales experience
Good knowledge of products and solutions within Industrial Automation market.Excellent command of both spoken and written English
Fluent in English
No military obligation for male candidates.Job Description
Develop customer relationships engaging customers in Energy Sector
Continuously identify new sales opportunities and report direct to the MD in USA. We have an existing portfolio of over 6000 contractors but wish to expand in Indonesia
Similar Jobs to Energy Sector Business Development Account ManagerLiveEnergy Sector Business Development Account Manager > Key Requirements3-5 years Energy Sector
sales experience
Good knowledge of products and solutions within Industrial Automation market.Excellent command of both spoken and written English
Fluent in English
No military obligation for male candidates.Job DescriptionDevelop customer relationships engaging customers in Energy Sector
Continuously identify new sales opportunities and report direct to the MD in USA. We have an existing portfolio of over 6000 contractors but wish to expand in IndonesiaType:
Staff / Office, InternationalSalary: ExcellentEnergy Sector Business Development Account ManagerPosted: Tue 06 May at 7:06       Expires: Sat 05 Jul at 7:06LiveCorporate Lawyer > Key RequirementsGraduate of Law School 6 years experience with corporate law and legislation Advanced level of EnglishJob DescriptionIdentifying and reporting any legal dispute that company is a party to in accordance with the interests of the company. Fluent Turkish and English please and prior experience in the energy sector and advantage.Type:
Staff / Site, InternationalSalary: NegotiableOur client is the largest energy company in TurkeyPosted: Tue 06 May at 7:05       Expires: Sat 05 Jul at 7:05LiveCorporate A&D; Acquisitions & Divestments / Divestitures / Mergers M&A; Manager / Investor Relations IR >
> Key Requirements	- Degree in Petroleum Geology, Engineering or equivalent.
-
Proven experience in upstream oil and gas - both technical and commercial
•	Highly credible, enthusiastic and results driven inpidual with ability to achieve results at pace, under pressure and with the highest attention to detail.
•	Strong planning and commercial skills with ability to understand relatively complex technical and operational inputs and translate these into commercial and economic outputs.
•	Excellent interpersonal & communications skills; written and verbal presentational skills incl. the preparation of commercial briefing documents and presentations at Board level.
•	Well organised with ability to meet exacting deadlines and work effectively under time pressure.
•	1st class team player able to support overall business and work with exec team
•	Flexible and willing to travel internationally.Job DescriptionCorporate A&D; Acquisitions & Divestments / Divestitures / Mergers M&A; Manager / Investor Relations IR
Our Client is an international independent FTSE 250 E&P; company with a portfolio of world-class assets located in several of the worlds’ most prolific and fast-emerging hydrocarbon basins. Their activities span the full-cycle E&P; value chain of exploration, appraisal, development through to production. With around 350 staff and total production increasing over the last few years, they now require an A&D; Manager to join their team in London.
ROLE PROFILE: Corporate A&D; Acquisitions & Divestments / Divestitures / Mergers M&A; Manager / Investor Relations IR
Reports to: Director Acquisitions and Investor & Relations.
Key Responsibilities:
•	Detailed analysis of operational, technical and commercial inputs relating to the Company’s existing asset base.
•	Strong involvement in the assessment of new business opportunities and farm-downs with their potential impact on group business.
•	Commercial input into strategic M&A; decision making
•	Working closely with the Director on agenda planning and preparation of papers and proposals for Board and Executive team meetings to support robust A&D; related decision making.
•	Detailed analysis of external industry and competitor trends, regulatory requirements and risks and preparation of reports and briefing notes as required.
•	Develop excellent relationships with the Company’s technical and operational, financial and legal teams.Type:
Staff / OfficeSalary: Not statedWorking closely with the Director, the incumbent will be responsible for pulling together, analysing and evaluating A&D; opportunities. This will involve extensive communication with technical and operational functions and identification of critical issues, risks and opportunities. Will provide efficient, pro-active and commercially robust economics on A&D; situations. Other ad hoc projects as assigned. A key criterion of success in this role is the provision of independent analysis and advice.Posted: Mon 05 May at 20:48       Expires: Fri 04 Jul at 20:48LiveEnergy Lawyer >
> Job DescriptionEstablished for almost fifty years, our client is one of the largest law firms in Cyprus as well as strong international presence in Asia and Europe. An award winning Law Firm, our client is recruiting for an Energy Lawyer to join their team in Cyprus.
Applicants will be qualified lawyers with 3 to 5 years' PQE, from an Energy/Oil & Gas practice area with an international law firm.
Whilst this role will cover a full range of areas within the energy sector, the successful candidate will have the opportunity to focus and specialise on their area of expertise.
Strength and experience in business development, client care and marketing are key to this role. We are looking for candidates that can demonstrate central deal involvement on a broad range of matters, strong commercial awareness, in-depth knowledge of relevant law and excellent drafting skills.
Outgoing, with strong communications skills, this role will suit a lawyer that enjoys working in a proactive, independent way, taking responsibility for ones own case load and reporting to the Energy department's partner. The role is predominantly non contentious. Candidates must speak fluent English, with knowledge of the Greek language.
To apply please contact Tina Christoforou - Senior Consultant AP Global Energy.Type:
Long Term Contract / OfficeSalary: Not statedEstablished for almost fifty years, our client is one of the largest law firms in Cyprus as well as strong international presence in Asia and Europe. An award winning Law Firm, our client is recruiting for an Energy Lawyer to join their team in Cyprus.
Posted: Fri 02 May at 7:00       Expires: Fri 30 May at 7:00LiveBusiness Risk Management Analyst >
> Key RequirementsBachelor	Degree	in Business Administration
or equivalent. Preferably a relevant	 professional
qualification	in BRM/ERM.
5 - 6 years experience at least of which 3 were in auditing or risk management	preferably
within oil and gas industry.
Ability	to	think strategically	with	a high level of understanding business process. Excellent presentation and communication skills.
Proficient in English Language.
Benefits:
42 calendar days paid leave within a calendar year
Entitlement for unfurnished family accommodation at a cost of AED 150,000/- plus Furniture Purchase Allowance
Educational Assistance: Max AED 35, 000/- per child per scholastic year for registration, tuition fees and text books against official receipts from accredited fee-paying schools for a maximum of 4 children between the age of 5 -18 years old. The assistance covers primary (grade 1), intermediate & secondary education in the UAE.
Industrial Insurance is provided by the Company whilst on duty.
End of Service Benefit: One month salary for each of the first 3 years of service. One and a half months salary for each subsequent years of service
Free medical insurance.Job DescriptionProvides consulting services on Business Risk Management across the company. Promotes awareness of Business Risk Management (BRM) and facilitates workshops and the application of BRM techniques across all business activities and to all levels within client
Consults and facilitates client risk analysis projects and other selected strategic activities as required by senior management.Type:
Long Term Contract / OfficeSalary: Tax Free / NegotiableProvides consulting services on Business Risk Management across the company. Promotes awareness of Business Risk Management (BRM) and facilitates workshops and the application of BRM techniques across all business activities and to all levels within client
Posted: Thu 01 May at 7:14       Expires: Thu 08 May at 7:14
Featured Recruiters
GOWell is an high-tech company that develops, manufactures and commercializes wireline logging tools with R&D groups based in Houston (USA) and Xi'an and Beijing (China) committed to finding innovative and highly reliable business solutions.
We strive to get closer to our clients and accordingly our growing footprint includes sales offices located in Houston, Dubai, Calgary, Venezuela and Baku.
For more information, visit our website:
Cenergy is a dynamic company that supplies expert workforce solutions to the oil and gas industry. We provide specialized energy personnel, safety solutions, inspection solutions, logistics and vendor management support.
We provide logistics assistance by meeting our clients' planning, dispatching and tracking needs for marine, air, and ground transportation.
Visit our website: .
Orion Group are one of the world's leading engineering recruitment agencies specialising in contract and permanent manpower for the majority of the world's largest energy specialists.
The group have 34 offices located internationally from Calgary and Houston to offices in the Middle East and Asia Pacific.
Visit Orion Group at .
© 2009-2014 oilandgaspeople.com
|