Recovery Plant Operator Job in Indonesia
Email:
Password:
Keep me logged in
Powered by
You can checkout a maximum of 150 jobs.
Create a free virtual CV and let recruiters find you
Automatically have your profile matched to suitable Oil & Gas positions
Link to your profile using it as a free online CV
Store all your employment documents to your profile for easy sending
Always receive feedback on positions applied for
Advertise Oil and Gas jobs for free
Suitable candidates automatically matched to your position
View candidate profiles for free
No more waiting for candidates to respond to job advertisements
Only ever pay when you match a candidate to a position
No more cold calling and sorting through out dated CVs
Recovery Plant OperatorAdd to Jobs BasketYou can apply for up to 10 jobs at once by adding them to your basket.Application LimitCandidates can apply for up to 150 jobs in 28 days. Status: LiveOur client is one of the largest refiners in the Far East.Job DetailsLocation: Salary: NegotiableWorking Locations: Site, InternationalPosted: 06/05/2014 07:05:00Expires: 05/07/2014 07:05:00Key Requirements
2 to 19 years of experience in Refining or Petrochemical. Job Description
To perform high skill operational duties in petrochemical and refining operations with the aim of meeting production targets, in accordance with procedures and in compliance with quality and safety standards. Basic understanding of mechanism and start/stop field operation about Refinery or Petrochemical equipment (e.g. Heat Exchanger, Pump, Compressor, Motor, Turbine, Manual valve, Control valve, Distillation column, Reactor, Furnace etc.)
Similar Jobs to Recovery Plant OperatorLiveRecovery Plant OperatorKey Requirements2 to 19 years of experience in Refining or Petrochemical. Job DescriptionTo perform high skill operational duties in petrochemical and refining operations with the aim of meeting production targets, in accordance with procedures and in compliance with quality and safety standards. Basic understanding of mechanism and start/stop field operation about Refinery or Petrochemical equipment (e.g. Heat Exchanger, Pump, Compressor, Motor, Turbine, Manual valve, Control valve, Distillation column, Reactor, Furnace etc.)Type:
Staff or Contract / Site, InternationalSalary: NegotiableOur client is one of the largest refiners in the Far East.Posted: Tue 06 May at 7:05       Expires: Sat 05 Jul at 7:05LiveReservoir Engineer >
> Job DescriptionSenior Reservoir Engineer - Jakarta, Indonesia - Competitive Salary + Package
My client is a Western international oil and gas operating company. They have an active Jakarta office and are seeking a Senior Reservoir Engineer to join their team due to the rapid growth of the company.
The successful Senior Reservoir Engineer will undertake various responsibilities including dynamic reservoir modelling, simulation, reservoir characterization, PVT fluid analysis, production forecasting etc. They will have a strong ability to work independently and as part of a team.
In order to be suitable for this position. The Senior Reservoir Engineer will already hold certain skills and experience. Some of these have been listed below:
*5-15 years of experience working in the oil and gas industry
*University degree in relevant degree discipline
*Previous hands-on experience in reservoir modelling, FDP and reserves reporting
*Ability to work effectively as part of a multi-disciplined team
*Strong written and spoken English communication skills
This position is based in Jakarta. For the candidates relevant skills and experience the client is offering a highly competitive salary + package.
If you would like to apply for this position, please send through a copy of your CV and contact number by following the link provided.Type:
Long Term Contract / OfficeSalary: Competitive Salary + PackageSenior Reservoir Engineer - Jakarta, Indonesia - Competitive Salary + Package
My client is a Western international oil and gas operating company. They have an active Jakarta offi...Posted: Sat 03 May at 3:00       Expires: Sat 31 May at 3:00LiveSubsurface Manager >
> Job DescriptionSubsurface Manager
Our client is a leading independent oil and gas company with a strong presence in SE Asia, Middle East and Africa. As a result of their continuing success, they are looking for candidates with a strong background in operations and project development to work as Subsurface Manager within their operations in Yemen.
This excellent position would work on a five week on, two week off rotational out of Yemen, and is open to Indonesian national candidates only.
Qualifications:
*15+ years of oil and gas industry experience
*BSc. Engineering or related field
*High level of experience within operations and project development
*Highly skilled negotiator and communicator
*Background working in the Middle East or Africa is preferred
Job Scope:
*Direct, coordinate, monitor and control operation activities by optimization asset performance
*Maintenance of wells and facilities
*Develop and maintain business opportunities - contribute to overall business growth
*Asset integrity management
This is a fantastic 5/2 rotational role that will allow for the selected candidate to earn a highly competitive salary package while contributing to the overall growth and development of our clients interest in Yemen.
If you feel you have the right skill set and level of experience required for this role, please send a copy of your details over to Teagan Borland through the link provided.Type:
Long Term Contract / InternationalSalary: Not statedSubsurface Manager
Our client is a leading independent oil and gas company with a strong presence in SE Asia, Middle East and Africa. As a result of their continuing success, the...Posted: Fri 02 May at 11:00       Expires: Fri 09 May at 11:00LiveSenior Drilling Engineer / Manager >
> Job DescriptionSenior Drilling Engineer / Manager
I am currently looking for an Indonesian Senior Drilling Engineer to take on a fantastic opportunity with a very reputable oil and gas Operator with Operations spanning across SE Asia. The Operator are looking for an Indonesian Senior Drilling Engineer to commence employment with them on permanent staff basis as a Senior Drilling Engineer to undergo training to become Drilling Manager. The Drilling Manager will then manage and oversee all Operations from the Jakarta office.
The operator have already planned 10 wells over the next year, 7 Development Wells, 1 Exploration Well and 2 Appraisal Wells. The first phase will be offshore conventional drilling on Jack-Up rigs. The second phase will be offshore Deep-Water drilling. The client also have future plans for land based drilling onshore East Papua.
This fantastic opportunity offers the opportunity of being a permanent staff employee based in Jakarta and also the opportunity of becoming Drilling Manager. Also this opportunity offers an excellent salary and staff package to reward the successful candidate for their very high level of experience.
Some of the qualities which I am looking for are:
*This position is exclusively for an Indonesian national
*This is a permanent long term staff position
*A relevant Degree
*Offshore and Onshore experience is preferential
*10+ years of Drilling Engineering experience on behalf of oil and gas Operators
This fantastic opportunity to progress in
your career to Management level is on behalf of a very attractive Operator in the SE Asia Region. Please send your cv's through to Rob Byrom. Successful applicants will be contacted.Type:
Long Term Contract / OfficeSalary: Not statedSenior Drilling Engineer to be trained to Drilling Manager for a reputable Operator based in JakartaPosted: Thu 10 Apr at 15:00       Expires: Thu 08 May at 15:00LiveTechnical Support Engineer > Key RequirementsBachelor's in Engineering or Petroleum Engineering. At least 5 years experience in similar hands on engineering support role would be required. Warehouse and in the field experience would be advantageous Preferably have had exposure to our client's product lines. Ability to solve substantially difficult problems of complex nature and broad scope. Ability to create innovative approaches to problems. Familiar with various computer applications.Job DescriptionTo provide engineering support to both customers and operations including full product line support for all marketing and operational projects, developing and maintaining client accounts and supporting HSE&QA; as required.Type:
Staff or Contract / Site, InternationalSalary: NegotiableOur client is Asia's largest oil and gas services company.Posted: Sun 23 Mar at 7:22       Expires: Thu 22 May at 7:22
Featured Recruiters
GOWell is an high-tech company that develops, manufactures and commercializes wireline logging tools with R&D groups based in Houston (USA) and Xi'an and Beijing (China) committed to finding innovative and highly reliable business solutions.
We strive to get closer to our clients and accordingly our growing footprint includes sales offices located in Houston, Dubai, Calgary, Venezuela and Baku.
For more information, visit our website:
Cenergy is a dynamic company that supplies expert workforce solutions to the oil and gas industry. We provide specialized energy personnel, safety solutions, inspection solutions, logistics and vendor management support.
We provide logistics assistance by meeting our clients' planning, dispatching and tracking needs for marine, air, and ground transportation.
Visit our website: .
Orion Group are one of the world's leading engineering recruitment agencies specialising in contract and permanent manpower for the majority of the world's largest energy specialists.
The group have 34 offices located internationally from Calgary and Houston to offices in the Middle East and Asia Pacific.
Visit Orion Group at .
© 2009-2014 oilandgaspeople.com
|