Assistant Sales Manager for Basic Chemical Products - PT. Jmax Indonesia
Assistant Sales Manager for Basic Chemical Products  -
Assistant Sales Manager for Basic Chemical Products
Responsibilities
Candidate must possess at least a Bachelor's Degree, Engineering (Chemical) or equivalent.Required language(s): English, JapaneseAt least 5 year(s) of working experience in the related field is required for this position.Applicants must be willing to work in Central Jakarta.Preferably Manager / Assistant Managers specializing in Marketing/Business Development or equivalent.Full-Time position(s) available.
Requirements
Company Overview
Jmax Indonesia was founded in May 2013 as a recruitment agency that aims to assist our clients in recruiting people who will be assets for their companies. The founders of our company are Indonesians who lived in Japan for more than 15 years. They received scholarship from Japan's Ministry of Education (Monbukagakusho) and studied at University of Tokyo and Osaka University. They also have working experiences at Japanese companies such as NHK, Fast Retailing and Toyota. This is why Jmax Indonesia have a deep understanding about the culture of Indonesia as well as Japan. Moreover, our global network expands to other countries such as Japan, Malaysia, Thailand, Singapore and Vietnam. The combination of such unique qualities at management level, added with our highly skilled and experienced consultants, make us the right choice for local, Japanese, as well as multinational companies for recruitment consultation. Aside from recruitment service, currently our range of services also includes training services that provide language as well as other training programs to improve the quality of your employees, which in turn will improve your company’s performance. We also understand that business operation is about spreading your company’s message accurately. In that regard, our highly skilled translators and interpreters are ready to serve you through our translation and interpretation services.
Why Join Us?
Indonesia - Jakarta Raya - Central Jakarta
Min 5 years (Manager / Assistant Manager)
Location MapSampoerna Strategic Square, Karet Semanggi, DKI Jakarta, Indonesia
|  Advertised: 06-May-14  |  Closing Date: 05-Jun-14
>
> ,
• Copyright © 2014