Manager, Indonesia, Expressions of Interest, Australia Indonesia Centre -
The Conversation Job Board
Manager, Indonesia, Expressions of Interest, Australia Indonesia Centre
at Monash University
Location:
Jakarta, Indonesia
Duration:
Twelve months
Pay rate:
An appropriate rate of pay will be negotiated
Multi-disciplinary institute
Jakarta, Indonesia
The Opportunity
The Australia Indonesia Centre is a centre of excellence established within Monash University by the Australian Government to build greater understanding of Indonesia, to strengthen linkages between the two nations, and to conduct highly collaborative research into shared national challenges.
The University is seeking expressions of interest from suitably qualified organisations or individuals to represent the Australia Indonesia Centre in Indonesia. This will include providing leadership, management and support in external relations, business development, research and industry engagement within Indonesia. You will be provided with the opportunity to engage and negotiate with a range of stakeholders from the Indonesian government, community, industry and the Centre's research partner universities within Indonesia to support the strategic objectives of the Centre.
We are seeking a Manager, Indonesia with the ability to:
regularly inform the Centre of political, economic, research and cultural issues within Indonesia
cultivate relationships with government, business, industry, and community leaders
identify, prioritise and secure opportunities for joint-venture and contract research and other opportunities within Indonesia
act as a point-of-contact and advice for researchers seeking industry partners within Indonesia.
The successful organisation or individual will be able to demonstrate a strong track record in all of the above areas.
Enquiries
Elly Patterson, Deputy Director (Engagement), Australia Indonesia Centre,
+ 61 3 9903 4849 or
Statement of Services Required
Expressions of Interest
Expressions of interest should be forwarded to
by 6 June 2014
How to Apply for this job
Apply for this role at the
web site.
If you apply for this position please say you saw it on The Conversation.
Know someone suitable? Send them this job
Monash University was established in 1958 and welcomed its first intake of students in 1961. In its fifty year history, the university has established itself as one of Australia’s finest tertiary institutions, building an enviable reputation for both its outstanding teaching and its transformative research. Today, Monash is Australia’s largest university, boasting a global network of more than 250,000 alumni.
Location
Jakarta, Indonesia
Type
Full Time
Posted
about 16 hours ago
Closes
06 Jun 2014