Customer Service Senior Staff Jobs in Karawang, West Java - PT Schutz Container Systems Indonesia
Get the latest jobs sent right to your inbox
|
|
False
Welcome to careerbuilder UK, where we can offer you local content. Would you like to go back to careerbuilder US?
False
Welcome to careerbuilder UK, where we can offer you local content. Would you like to go back to careerbuilder US?
Search :
Keywords :
Top Cities:
State:
Customer Service Senior Staff | Karawang, West Java
PT Schutz Container Systems Indonesia
|
Job Snapshot
Location
:
Karawang, West Java
Employee Type
:
Full-Time
Education
:
Associate Degree
Experience
:
At least 1 year(s)
Post Date
:
19/04/2014
Contact Information
Ref ID
:
CS007-19/02/2014
Similar Jobs
Location:
Karawang, West Java Jobs
Industries:
Description
SCHÜTZ is a world leading manufactures of the ECOBULK 1000 litre Intermediate Bulk Container (IBC) for packaging liquids. SCHÜTZ ECOBULK IBCs are used widely by companies in the Chemical, Petrochemical, Oleochemical and Food industries, to store and transport their products across domestic and international markets. PT SCHÜTZ Indonesia has been serving many multinational, regional and local companies in Indonesia since 2005. Since then, the company has grown to be the leading supplier of IBC packaging. In line with our current expansion, we seek a motivated professional, who thrives on challenges and is driven by a passion to succeed and to be position at our factory located at Karawang International Industrial City (KIIC), Karawang, west Java, Indonesia.
Job Description :
PURPOSE/OBJECTIVES:To perform customer service function and support Assistant Manager Customer Service and reporting to National Sales Manager.Key Responsibilities and Accountabilities:1. Support the Supply Chain Department in all sales / after sales dealing and customer relation to ensure customer satisfaction;2. To answer all customer interactions by phone on product related enquiries, product features, and to ensure Departmental KPIs are met/achieved;3. To ensure delivery deadline are met with customer satisfaction;4. Maintain the customer database to ensure that it is up-to-date and accurate.5. Compiles sales and collection reports.6. To adhere to Company’s certification body standards of operations ie; ISO.7. To undertake assignment by Superior from time to time.
Requirements Candidate must possess at least a Diploma, any field Required language(s): English, Bahasa Indonesia At least 1 year(s) of working experience in the related field is required for this position Computer literate with knowledge of SAP is added advantage Keen interest in service platform to communicate and connect with people Resourcefulness, self-control, responsible and performance oriented Excellent work attitude, team player, proactive and independent Candidate must hold a valid driving license, possess own transport and willing to travel to outstation when required Applicants must be willing to work in Kawasan Industri KIIC Karawang Barat Preferably Staff (non-management & non-supervisor)s specializing in Customer Service or equivalent Full-Time position(s) available
All applications will be treated confidentially & only short listed candidates will be notified   Please click "Apply Now" button to apply
Mohon diperhatikan bahwa CareerBuilder Indonesia tidak memungut biaya apapun kepada pencari kerja sebagai persyaratan untuk dapat diterima bekerja. Apabila terjadi perusahaan meminta anda untuk mengirimkan sejumlah uang untuk berbagai alasan. Mohon untuk dapat melakukan konfirmasi terlebih dahulu ke pihak CareerBuilder Indonesia. Dan apabila terjadi pengiriman uang kepada pihak perusahaan dari pihak pencari kerja, maka dengan ini pihak CareerBuilder Indonesia menyatakan bahwa kami tidak bertanggung jawab atas hal tersebut.  Terima kasih.   CareerBuilder.co.id - lowongan kerja job search pekerjaan vacancy karir career informasi iklan info pekerjaan jobs loker gawe vacancies karir karier kesempatan opportunities lamaran lamar jobseeker job seeker cv resume apply perusahaan employer pencari kerja job board job portal situs lowongan situs pekerjaan beriklan Customer Service Senior Staff PT Schutz Container Systems Indonesia di Indonesia Karawang  layanan pelanggan customer service call center teller corporate care customer care officer staff executive eksekutif staf Associate Degree
People who applied to this job also applied to
.
PT Sumber Aneka Karya Abadi.
Toserba Berkah.
PT Asuransi Harta Aman Pratama Tbk.
PT Minerva Motor Indonesia.
PT Simaconcern Alih Daya.
PT Teraoka Seisakusho Indonesia.
PT BPR Olympindo Primadana.
PT Schutz Container Systems Indonesia.
PT Adyawinsa Sekisui Techno Molding.
PT On Time Express |
|
Keep
Alert
are being added all the time.
You can setup job alert so you're first to know about future roles
Keyword
Location
Email
Category
Account Management
Accounting
Admin - Clerical
Advertising - Public Relations
Advertising/Media Buying
Aeronautical
Aesthetics
Agriculture
Architecture
Arts - Culture
Audit
Aupair-BabySitting-Household
Automotive
Aviation
Banking
Beauty Care
Biotech
BPO-KPO
Brand/Product Mgmt
Business Development
Business Opportunity
Call Center
Channel/Distribution
Chemical
Commerce-Merchandising
Compensation & Benefits
Construction
Construction Engineering - Architecture - Surveying
Consultant
Consumer
Consumer Banking
Consumer services
Corporate
Corporate Banking
Corporate service
Credit & Loan
Customer Service
Data Entry
Dealer/Trader
Design
Digital/Online Marketing
Distribution - Shipping
Driver
Early Childhood
Education
Electrical/Electronics
Energy, Oil & Gas
Engineering
Entry Level
Environment
Environment - Nature Science
Event Management
Executive
Facilities
Fashion Accessories
Fashion Design
Finance
Financial Controller
Fitness - Beauty Treatment
Franchise
Freight Services
Gen Insurance/ Underwriting/Claims
General Business
General Labor
Government
Government - Federal
Grocery
Guard-Security services
Health Care
Hospitality - Hotel
Human Resources
Industrial & Production
Industry
Information Technology
Installation - Maint - Repair
Insurance
Interior Design
Internal Sales
International Assignment Job
Internet-E-Comerce
Internship
Inventory
Investments/Fund Mgmt
IT-Administration
IT-Hardware
IT-Management
IT-Software/Development
Landscape
Legal
Legal Admin
Luxury and Fashion
Maintenance
Management
Manufacturing
Maritime
Marketing
Mechanical Engineering
Mechatronics
Media - Journalism - Newspaper
Media Production
Medical/Life Science
Military
Multimedia/Web
NGO-Social Services
Nonprofit - Social Services
Nurse
Office Operations
Oil Gas On-Offshore
Other
Part Time
Pharmaceutical
Police - Security - Defence
Principal/Management
Production Assembly Line
Professional Services
Project Management
Publishing
Purchasing - Procurement
QA - Quality Control
Real Estate
Receptionist
Research
Research & Development (R&D)
Restaurant - Food Service
Retail
Sales
Sales Support/Coordination
Science
Secretary
Security
Security Clearance
Senior Management
Shipping
Site Engineering
Skilled Labor - Trades
Sports - Entertainment
Statistics-Market research
Strategy - Planning
Structural/Civil
Supply Chain
Teaching
Technician
Telecommunications
Telesales/Telemarketing
Temporary work
Textile and Apparel
Tourism / Restaurant-Food Service / Security
Trading/Wholesale
Training
Training/Development
Transportation
Travel - Leisure - Tourism
Valuation
Veterinary Services
Volunteering
Warehouse
Work at Home
Working abroad
We keep your email secure, you can view our
here if you are unsure.
Not interseted today? No problem click here to ignore this message.
Sign-up successful
You'll soon be recieving the latest information requested and you can update you email
preferences via the message preferences links found in the emails you recieve.
Help
Employers: 021.2525605
Fax: 021 2525606
templates
CareerBuilder.co.id
Top Sectors
Top Cities
CareerBuilder International