Accounting Manager - LF Asia Manufacturing IndonesiaAdvertised:6-5-14 | Closing Date:5-6-14LF Asia Manufacturing Indonesia is a Li & Fung Company, we are greatest-growing manufacture benefit source specializing chic food, healthcare, beauty аnԁ flashy harvest. We are expanding our business and looking for high caliber individual to fill the following position :Accounting Manager IDR 15000000 - 25000000Jakarta Raya
Responsibilities: Manage day to day operations of the existing cost accounting function. Plan, organize and direct all the activities of the cost accounting function. Development and maintenance of standard costs and BOMs in ERP system. Responsible for inventory integrity and accuracy in ERP system, including evaluation and maintenance of inventory balances. Supports month end, quarter and year-end closing activities; validate cost of goods sold as part of the month end close. Preparation, review and distribution of monthly management reports and statistical analysis reflecting inventory balances, product margins, cost of sales, operating expenses, manufacturing variances and other financial results. Proactive analysis of variances and communication of issues and opportunities to operations management. Supports budget and forecasting activities. Define policies and procedures for all cost accounting activities. Working with the operations, participate in on-going cycle counts, ensuring accuracy of inventory counts, analyzing results, book-to-physical reconciliations, investigating variances, and resolving issues through use of root-cause analysis. Supports internal and external audits.Requirements: Candidate must possess at least a Bachelor's Degree or Master's Degree / Post Graduate Degree in Accounting (preferable from reputable university)Required language(s): English.At least 10 year(s) of working experience as Manager in the maufacturing field.Preferable has CA (Charterred Accountant)Has a strong leadership, good personality, honest, and careful.1 Full-Time position(s) available.  Non-member LF Asia Manufacturing IndonesiaJl Raya Bogor Km 28
Jakarta 13710.
Tel: 62-21-87704988 Website:
>
> ,