PROPERTY MANAGEMENT TRAINEE (PMT) - CUSHMAN & WAKEFIELD INDONESIA, PT | jobsDB Indonesia
INDONESIA
Post Date 06-May-14
jobsDB Ref. JID200003001122848 Employer Ref.
UG 21/02
CUSHMAN & WAKEFIELD INDONESIA, PT
URGENTLY REQUIRED We are the world's largest privately-held commercial real estate services firm. Founded in 1917, it has 253 offices in 60 countries and more than 15,000 employees. We deliver integrated solutions by actively advising, implementing and managing on behalf of landlords, tenants, lenders and investors through every stage of the real estate process. In our commitment to do continuously expansion of our business, we are looking for:
PROPERTY MANAGEMENT TRAINEE (PMT)
Management development program which is designed as an early career path for graduates wishing to become a professional manager in property management. Possesses good communications and interpersonal skills, strong leadership, self-motivated and a team player. Fresh graduates or minimum 1 year experience, preferably with a background in Engineering (Mechanical or Electrical).General Requirements:Ideal candidates are team players who possess:Male/Female, max 30 years old.Minimum Bachelor Degree in Mechanical or Electrical Engineering from reputable university with minimum GPA of 3.0.Interest in Property or Building Management.Good analytical & interpersonal skill.Positive “can-do” attitude. Commitment to excellence and customer satisfaction.Fluent in English both oral and written.We provide a competitive remuneration packages, people development and a challenging environment for professionals who wish to advance their careers in a growing international property consultant company. Please send your detailed CV and recent photograph to email: .Only short listed candidates who fulfill all the required documents and information will be notified.
Career LevelEntry Level Yr(s) of ExpN/A QualificationDegree IndustryProperty Management/Consultancy Job Function >
>
>
Location DKI Jakarta
SalarySalary negotiable
Employment TypeTemporary
-
is a part of , , , , ,
in  placed by . Keywords:
Tools
Copyright © 1998-2014, jobsDB Inc. All Rights Reserved.
|