Daily binary options review May 5 2014 - Binary Options Academy
Search
The World's First Binary Options Education Institution
Google Inc.528.90-0.12 - -0.02%Apple Inc.602.02+8.38 - +1.41%Facebook Inc.61.50+0.76 - +1.26%S&P; 5001884.66+3.52 - +0.19%FTSE 1006822.42+13.55 - +0.20%EUR/USD1.3888GBP/USD1.6899USD/JPY102.07EUR/GBP0.822AUD/USD0.9294
You are here:
►
►
► Daily binary options review May 5 2014
Sponsored by:
TradeHits' Special OffersEZtrader's Special Offers  5 Risk Free Trades 100% Welcome Bonus   Annual 5% Interest on the Deposited Funds Dedicated Account Manager  Personal Account Manager Personal Training Session
Headlines of today’s daily binary options review:
The Asian markets traded mixed today with a slightly lower tendency on troubling economic numbers
The Nikkei and Kospi were closed today in observance of the Children’s Day holiday
The manufacturing sector in China contracted for the fourth month in a row with a PMI of only 48.1
Baosteel Group Corp, owner of the largest steelmaker in China, made a $1.3 billion offer for Aquila
The gross domestic product of Indonesia posted the worst growth figures since 2009 on less investment
The rupee dropped and snapped a three-day win streak on weary sentiment ahead of next week’s elections
The European markets are trading mixed with a lower tendency on renewed worries towards Ukraine
The U.K. markets are closed today in observance of the Early May Bank Holiday
The European Commission announced today that it expects low inflation to be a threat for two years
Portugal announced this morning that it will become the third nation to exit its massive IMF bailout
Barclays PLC and Credit Suisse Group AG will answer for key banker departures and legal challenges
Wall Street traded modestly lower in Friday’s session despite better-than-anticipated economic figures
The United States economy added 288,000 new jobs in April, easily beating expectations of 218,000
Citigroup Inc lost only 0.06% in the last session ahead of news that the firm won a massive contract
Endocyte, Inc plunged almost 62% after announcing that it stopped a phase 3, late-stage trial for futility
Servicesource International Inc dropped nearly 33% after reporting disappointing first quarter results
The Asian markets traded somewhat mixed today with a lower tendency as troubling economic indicators from a number of countries in the region had traders mostly avoiding risk. The manufacturing sector of the second-largest economy in the world contracted for the fourth consecutive month in April. Investors avoided risk decidedly in Hong Kong today as fear that the entire economy could come to a crashing halt without significant intervention. The purchasing managers’ index according to HSBC Holdings PLC dropped to 48.1 versus the average estimate of 48.4. Any number below 50 indicates a contraction in the manufacturing sector, which contributes the largest percentage to the gross domestic product of China. The GDP projection of 7.3% is already troubling a number of experts, as it has been downwardly revised a few times from the original 7.5%. Hong Kong analysts were hoping to see some momentum in the right direction, but instead, the speculation of monetary easing from the People’s Bank of China heated up. The government is hoping to combat the slowdown with increased spending on infrastructure such as railroads, but many people think that the spending will be too little and too late to return to 7.5% GDP growth. Baosteel Group Corp is the owner of the largest listed steelmaker in China, and the firm announced today that a major deal is in the works. The company is collaborating with Aurizon Holdings Ltd to purchase Aquila Resources Ltd, the Australian ore and coal company. The deal values the Australian firm at around $1.3 billion, and it signals to a number of analysts that Chinese companies are resuming their purchasing streak of global resources. As prices of commodities dip significantly, a number of firms in China have looked to take advantage of the buying opportunities to gain a more competitive position in the international market. The West Pilbara iron ore mine will be half owned by the joint venture if the deal goes through, which could position the firms for a big rebound from the bear market in iron ore since March. Baosteel has owned a small percentage of the operation for a long time, but the lack of momentum or traction in the major projects has prompted the firm to take action. With a bigger percentage of the firm, Baosteel will be better able to exert influence and move things along. The gross domestic product of Indonesia grew at the slowest pace since 2009 in the first quarter of 2014, prompting recessionary fears among experts. The country has seen a significant slowdown in production since raising interest rates last year. The higher rates resulted in a great deal less capital investment and a mineral-ore ban that decimated the mining industry. The nation’s GDP increased 5.21% in the quarter ending with March, compared to the median estimate of 5.59% from economists. A number of analysts believe that tight monetary policy coupled with the newly weakened commodity business will prevent the economy from bouncing back into the 6% range of GDP growth. Mining and quarrying saw a 3.57% contraction in the quarter on a month-over-month basis, which has a significant impact on the world’s largest shipper of mined nickel. Given the relationship between Indonesia and China, the slowdown of the world’s second-largest economy is also contributing strongly to the slowdown in Indonesia. The rate of investment in the nation increased by only 14.6% compared to 27% in the previous year. The rupee dropped sharply today after three straight days of gains after touching one-month highs today. Traders booked profit as heavy dollar demand from oil refiners weighed heavily on sentiment. Investors were also very cautious due to the uncertainty surrounding next week’s general elections. The rupee has been bolstered by the massive inflow of foreign institutional cash that has had the same effect on equities over the last year. The Nikkei was closed, the Kospi was closed, the Sensex added 0.18%, the Hang Seng lost (-1.28%), and the Shanghai Composite added 0.05%.
The European markets are trading mixed with a lower tendency in today’s session on renewed worries towards the escalating situation between Russia and Ukraine. The European Commission announced today that the current, low levels of inflation in the region will be a threat for the next two years. The European Central Bank and Chairman Mario Draghi have been contemplating taking drastic action to increase aggregate demand, as a lack of price increases in the eurozone continues to have a dragging effect on corporate profits among many other areas. The commission said that the economic-growth forecast is a great deal lower than previous predictions, and the escalating political tensions between Russia and Ukraine could have lasting impact on the economic situation of the 18-nation block. The inflation target set by the ECB is 2%, but the rate will likely be 0.8% this year and only 1.2% in 2015. The commission noted a number of contributing factors such as falling energy prices and a stubbornly high rate of unemployment for the expected weakness. The crisis in Ukraine was cited several times, and traders sold off stocks across most of Europe in the first half of Monday’s trading session. Following a four-year crisis caused by the economic meltdown of 2008, Portugal announced that it will become the third nation to exit its massive bailout from the European Union and the International Monetary Fund. Portugal is following Ireland in its exit, and the nation will not take a precautionary credit line to aid in its transition. The decision was announced late last night and followed the first bond auction in Portugal since the $108 billion rescue back in 2011. Some analysts see the move as a major step towards fully recovering from the credit crisis that followed the housing collapse in the United States. Others believe that the rebound in the European periphery is obsolete because of the crawling inflation figures and new weakness in some core nations. Cyprus and Greece are the two remaining countries under the umbrella of monetary bailout, while Spain and Ireland have repaired their financial situations. Borrowing costs in Portugal have dropped in the last two years as the European Central Bank continues to vow that it will protect the euro at all cost. Barclays PLC, Credit Suisse Group AG, and UBS AG announced this morning that they will confront questions in the next few days regarding important banker departures, efforts to boost profitability, and lingering legal challenges. Barclays, for example, lost three of its top bankers in Asia and the United States after announcing that investment banking operations will be reduced. Credit Suisse, on the other hand, is facing serious criminal charges in the U.S. after years of helping Americans avoid tax consequences. UBS AG is facing a different problem altogether, in that the bank is falling well short of profit goals according to most estimates. The trading environment across the globe is shrinking, and debt trading in particular is seeing a serious reduction in profitability. Returns on the riskiest of investments have declined in the last few years as regulators take steps to prevent commercial banking units from taking the brunt of speculative losses, like in 2008. The European banks are trading widely lower. The FTSE 100 was closed, the DAX lost (-1.29%), and the CAC 40 lost (-1.01%). (9:40am EST)
Wall Street traded modestly lower on Friday despite better-than-anticipated economic figures released in the very early session; shares are trading lower in the early session. The largest economy in the world showed extremely positive employment figures for the previous month, but the markets had a smaller reaction than many would have anticipated. The economy added 288,000 jobs, easily beating the average economist prediction of 218,000. In even better news, the report contained upward revisions for the last two months and showed a drop in the rate of unemployment to 6.3%. The unemployment level is now the lowest since the last quarter of 2008, which leads many experts to believe that the Federal Reserve will continue to scale back its bond-buying program. The pace of the asset purchasing has been cut in half from $85 billion to $45 billion, and the Fed maintains that the program should be ceased entirely by the end of the calendar year. Citigroup Inc announced early this morning that it has won a massive contract to deliver custody and securities-lending services to the sovereign wealth fund of Norway. The fund is worth around $866 billion, which makes it the largest in the world. JPMorgan Chase & Co was the previous provider of services to the fund, but now Citigroup will add it to its list of $12.8 trillion under custody. The contract will cover the next seven years, and the firm has repositioned itself in the last few years to better compete in the custodian business. The firm was sued for $835 million back in September of 2010 for losses in NBIM’s stock and bonds, who claimed that the bank misrepresented its financial condition and failed to disclose certain information. Norway’s fund held around $1.2 billion in Citigroup stock at the end of 2013, which is just over 0.75% of the company. Shares have not yet had a chance to react to the weekend news. Endocyte, Inc lost the majority of its share value in one single trading session to finish last week. The biopharmaceutical company focuses on developing therapies designed to treat cancer and inflammatory diseases. Last week, however, one of the firm’s major phase 3 trials was stopped for futility after an interim analysis showed that the drug was ineffective. The press release cited the data safety monitoring board as recommending the trial be stopped because it wasn’t able to demonstrate efficacy on the outcome of platinum-resistant ovarian cancer. The drug, called vintafolde, was being developed in a partnership between Endocyte and Merck, but it will be stopped immediately despite no actual safety issues being highlighted with the treatment. Endocyte’s shares nearly doubled in March after the Committee for Medicinal Products for Human Use released a favorable view of the drug’s future. In typical biopharmaceutical stock fashion, the news caused a mass exodus of the shares and pushed the company down 62%. Servicesource International Inc was another one of the worst performing stocks in the United States yesterday on abysmal financial results. The recurring-revenue-management company said that quarterly adjusted revenue increased 10% on a year-over-year basis to $67.3 million, but it was not able to turn a profit on the improved top line. The firm posted an adjusted loss of $0.07 per diluted share, while analysts were estimating an average loss of $0.05 per share. Experts also though the company would generate more than $68.5 million in the period, which greatly contributed to the pessimism. The company’s chief executive officer, Mike Smerklo, was notably positive about the company’s future, however, stating that the firm’s ‘market opportunity and value proposition remain strong’. Shares dropped almost 33% by the close of trading. The Dow Jones lost (-0.76%), the S&P 500 lost (-0.70%), and the Nasdaq lost (-0.76%). (9:40am EST)
Today’s M&A news:
Binary Options Academy publishes the
as part of a comprehensive collection of professional articles about , , and comparison articles like .
If the insight from this binary options market review convinced you that binary options trading is for you, and you would like to start a profitable binary options trading, please open an account with these leading binary options brokers for special offers to our users:
TradeHits' Special OffersEZtrader's Special Offers  5 Risk Free Trades 100% Welcome Bonus   Annual 5% Interest on the Deposited Funds Dedicated Account Manager  Personal Account Manager Personal Training Session
Tags: , , , , ,
Comments are closed.
Subscribe to newsletter
Name:
Email:
Recent articles
Asset types
Deposit methods
Popular links
Directory
Share us
©2014
All Rights Reserved.