SUPERINTENDENT MAINTENANCE - PT. Leighton Contractors Indonesia | jobsDB Indonesia
INDONESIA
Post Date 05-May-14
jobsDB Ref. JID200003001129421 Employer Ref.
RN5/5
PT. Leighton Contractors Indonesia
PT. Leighton Contractors Indonesia is a part of the Leighton Asia, one of Asia’s largest project development and contracting group with annual revenue exceeding US$1 billion. We are seeking high caliber candidates for the following positions based in Indonesia.Leighton Contractors Indonesia expects to start a range of projects covering retail, commercial, industrial and high rise buildings in the modern metropolis of Jakarta
SUPERINTENDENT MAINTENANCE
Site ProjectResponsibilities: To support the manager to oversee supervision of maintenance work activities to which he has been assigned according to agreed plan, while maintaining a health & safe working environment with the prime objective of ensuring that the mechanical and equipment’s availability targets are achieved.Requirements: Minimum of diploma in electrical or related is preferredDeep knowledge upon practical application of mechanical/electrical/heavy mobile equipments & safety legal requirementsPOM holder (if work in a mine site)8 - 10 years experience Have extensive experience in plant operational works with a capability in monitoring direct staff or subcontractorsExperience working at mining/civil contractor is preferred.Responsibilities: To coordinate and supervise the maintenance works (mobile and fixed mechanical equipment) for the successful completion of planned repairs and to provide effective responses to unscheduled repairs or breakdowns.To coordinate and develop the assigned subordinates in repairing/overhauling for maintenance on equipment and in order to optimize workable time and to minimize turn-around time of each maintenance event.To enforce safe and environmentally friendly working procedures in order to ensure the excellent safety record and encourage employee participation in health and safety matters in order to comply with statutory requirements and HSE expectation.To coordinate continuous improvement and optimization activities in order to ensure optimum efficiencies in ongoing basis. To keep updated on the latest technical developments from OEM (Original Equipment Manufacturers) in order to be advised on any technical problem that arise from the use of project equipment. For more details and vacancies, please click on the link below:
or by clicking the link below:
We only process applicant who apply through our website. Only short listed candidates will be notified for interviews
Career LevelMiddle Yr(s) of Exp8 years QualificationDiploma IndustryArchitecture/Building/Construction Job Function >
>
>
Location DKI Jakarta
SalarySalary negotiable
Employment TypeFull Time, Permanent
-
is a part of , , , , ,
in  placed by . Keywords:
Tools
Copyright © 1998-2014, jobsDB Inc. All Rights Reserved.
|