Business Consultant Job (Information Technology) Jakarta, Indonesia - PT Monroe Consulting Group
Business Consultant Job (Information Technology) Jakarta, Indonesia  -
Business Consultant Job (Information Technology) Jakarta, Indonesia
Responsibilities
Our client is the top online-retailer in Indonesia, created by one of the largest iconic shareholding group in e-commerce with a strong multinational presence. They deliver customers an easy access to purchase all types of products that are involved in electronics, home décor up until products from health-care to beauty just within a click of a button. This popular shopping platform are now seeking a highly – skilled professional in business consulting who can lead a direction and strategy for the company’s growth. Our highly respected client is seeking a graduate with a minimal of 3 years’ of committed experience from a top-notched consulting firm to fill the job of Business Consultant, to be based in Jakarta, Indonesia. Main responsibilities: To give a consultative approach to reach the objective of the project, suggesting improvements for implementation, what should be fixed and the best strategy to pursue and execute. This may include the reviewing of financial statements, evaluating competitors, and analyzing business practices. Once research is complete, business consultants may develop a new business model or prepare the recommendations for the project and company direction. Job requirements: Minimum bachelors (s1) in Business or related fieldHas a minimum of 3 years of experience in business consultancy from a highly reputable multinational consulting firmMBA preferableDynamic, innovative and a detail-oriented individualA natural strong ethical business sense Signature All applications will be treated in the strictest of confidence. If you are a suitable match for this position please send your application to technology@monroeconsulting.com
Requirements
Company Overview
Why Join Us?
Indonesia - Jakarta Raya
Min 3 years (Staff (non-management & non-supervisor))
Location MapJl TB Simatupang, Kav. 36 Jakarta, Sovreign Plaza Building, 16th Floor
|  Advertised: 05-May-14  |  Closing Date: 04-Jun-14
>
> ,
• Copyright © 2014