Buying Manager Job (Information Technology) Jakarta, Indonesia - PT Monroe Consulting Group
Buying Manager Job (Information Technology) Jakarta, Indonesia  -
Buying Manager Job (Information Technology) Jakarta, Indonesia
Responsibilities
Our client is the top online-retailer in Indonesia, created by one of the largest iconic shareholding group in e-commerce with a strong multinational presence. They deliver customers an easy access to purchase all types of products that are involved in electronics, home décor up until products from health-care to beauty just with a click of a button. This popular site are now seeking a highly – skilled professional to manage a category of products with a focal market for kids and babies. Our highly respected client is seeking a graduate with a minimal of 5 years’ experience of relevant exposure to fill the job of Buying Manager, to be based in Jakarta, Indonesia. Main responsibilities: The Buying Manager will be responsible for the growth of the individual category and has to have the ability to introduce new brands through the use of personal connections, networking, and an innate talent in negotiation. In this position, a large part of the time will be to maintain the existing brands, including the order of new products, maintenance of new products and products that have already been running, as well developing and maintaining key relationships with vendors and possess a strong and firm ability to negotiate price. Main responsibilities: Has a minimum of 5 years of experience in retail buyer with the specified category (i.e. toys/kids/babies)Possesses solid network in main distributor and brand, and primarily with a strong name within IndustryPossesses knowledge of buying process and a progressive experienceStrong ability to negotiate with suppliers and buyersThe ability to understand, analyze and quantify the trends in the marketDynamic, innovative and a detail-oriented individualA natural strong ethical business senseAll applications will be treated in the strictest of confidence. If you are a suitable match for this position please send your application to technology@monroeconsulting.com
Requirements
Company Overview
Why Join Us?
Indonesia - Jakarta Raya
Min 5 years (Manager / Assistant Manager)
Location MapJl TB Simatupang, Kav. 36 Jakarta, Sovreign Plaza Building, 16th Floor
|  Advertised: 05-May-14  |  Closing Date: 04-Jun-14
>
> ,
• Copyright © 2014