Data Administration - PT GSM Systems Indonesia
Data Administration  -
Data Administration
Responsibilities
Role: Data AdminLocation : Jakarta, Cibinong, Cikarang Company Description:GSM Systems is a fast-growing firm specializing in a high-margin niche in the communicationstechnology space. The company specializes in international sales and service of communicationsinfrastructure equipment to Mobile phone companies such as T-mobile and Vodafone. 95% ofbusiness is international and sales have grown 100% year on year over the last 5 years. Emergingmarket mobile telecommunications continues to be an ongoing high growth space. GSMSystems is continuing its dynamic growth, and strengthening its market position thanks to aconsistent focus on these developing markets. Visit www.gsmsystems.com for moreinformation. We  are urgently looking for a Data Admin. We are looking for a person who is enthusiastic and enjoy both working on their own and as part of a team. Responsibilities :- Managing asset database and produce asset deviation report- Recording and updating all actual inbound and outbound movements of assets in the Inventory Management System (IMS)- Recording and updating IMS for all asset movements from Warehouses.- Reconciling actual asset received- Producing consolidated unreconciled items reports- Updating and maintain for assets database in IMS- Preparing documentation for assets to be sold- Updating and maintain resale assets database- Updating and maintaining return and exchange items for spare parts process. Skills Requirement:• Highly proficient in excel data collection and manipulation• Mobile Telecommunications experience and equipment knowledge an advantage• Ability to extract data from multiple data sources• Ability to aggregate data from multiple sources and reconcile• Ability to provide summary reports on data findings• Ability to understand and provide complete data accuracy and integrity• Ability to present data in a clear, concise and understandable manner for management
Requirements
Company Overview
Why Join Us?
Indonesia - Jakarta Raya
Min 2 years (Staff (non-management & non-supervisor))
Location MapThe East, Lingkar Mega Kuningan, East Kuningan, Jakarta, Indonesia
|  Advertised: 05-May-14  |  Closing Date: 04-Jun-14
>
> ,
• Copyright © 2014