Test and Repair Engineer - PT GSM Systems Indonesia
Test and Repair Engineer  -
Test and Repair Engineer
Responsibilities
Role: Test and Repair EngineerLocation : CikarangEmployment Type  : Contractual based.Company Description:GSM Systems is a fast-growing firm specializing in a high-margin niche in the communicationstechnology space. The company specializes in international sales and service of communicationsinfrastructure equipment to Mobile phone companies such as T-mobile and Vodafone. 95% ofbusiness is international and sales have grown 100% year on year over the last 5 years. Emergingmarket mobile telecommunications continues to be an ongoing high growth space. GSMSystems is continuing its dynamic growth, and strengthening its market position thanks to aconsistent focus on these developing markets. Visit www.gsmsystems.com for moreinformation. We currently have the demand for a Test and Repair Engineer . We are looking for a person who is enthusiastic and enjoy both working on their own and as part of a team. Main Responsibilities : - Testing, troubleshooting, and repairing Mobile network equipment .The troubleshooting is analog and digital circuitry and all work is done to GSM Specifications.- Repairing of the unit will involve disassembly, E/M assembly, and soldering.- Experience must include testing and troubleshooting to the component level of both analog and digital circuitry, E/M assembly, and repairThe Repair Engineer will be evaluated based on following major criteria:1. Detailed Fault Finding:2. PCB Component Replacement3. General Product Assembly & Disassembly4. Product Testing5. Although specific technical product training will be provided, applicants must possess a minimum of ONC, or equivalent, in Electronics. The must have skills are the following: 1. 2-5 years of repair technician experience.2. Strong experience with surface mount and some thru hole soldering.3. troubleshooting down to a component level and have diagnostic skills.4. Strong attention to detail, PC skills, and a strong work ethic.5. STRONG TECHNICAL ABILITY! The successful candidate will be responsible for calibration and repair of the industrial productrange and will be required to develop skills to meet the servicing needs of primarily nondestructivetesting equipment. Below are the types of modules that will need repairing: 1. ERICSSON RBS 20XX, DXU-21 processor boards, dTRU EDGE and GPRS, CDU, PSU2. SIEMENS BS Family, COBA/COSA processor boards, CU EDGE and GPRS, DUAMCO,OVPTM, ACTM3. NOKIA Ultrasite Family -BOIA processor boards, TSP, TSGA, MAFU, WSPA4. Alcatel G3 and G4 Family – SUMA, TRA, FANU, MT120, ANCD5. All Transmission equipment – IDU, ODU, RTM, and Antennas
Requirements
Company Overview
Why Join Us?
Indonesia - Jakarta Raya - Cikarang
Min 3 years (Staff (non-management & non-supervisor))
Location MapThe East, Lingkar Mega Kuningan, East Kuningan, Jakarta, Indonesia
|  Advertised: 05-May-14  |  Closing Date: 04-Jun-14
>
> ,
• Copyright © 2014