Mining Research Analyst Job (Consulting), Jakarta, Indonesia - PT Monroe Consulting Group
Mining Research Analyst Job (Consulting), Jakarta, Indonesia  -
Mining Research Analyst Job (Consulting), Jakarta, Indonesia
Responsibilities
Monroe Consulting Group is currently recruiting on behalf of one of the world’s leading management consulting companies. Our respected client is seeking a research professional of the highest quality to fill the job of Mining Senior Research Analyst, to be based in Jakarta, Indonesia. The candidate will be responsible to assist consulting teams on mining engagements, providing expert client service in strategic and operational topics, as well as, contribute to the development of the firm’s mining knowledge initiatives. The winning candidate should have excellent time-management skills, well-organised and a willingness to work in a demanding and result-oriented team environment, and possesses a dynamic personality. Key job responsibilities include: Conduct research, structure analyses and produce facts relating to the Indonesia Mining sector, and also the Southeast Asia markets conventionally.Demonstrate expert client service in the mining domain, i.e. run operational diagnostics at mines, collect and analyse capital and operational data from underground and open-cast mines, as well as, develop new tool kits for diagnostics or model future demand and supply for mining commodities.Produce reportings according to the companys’ standard of requirement; i.e. Summarize, analyse and synthesize relevant data and information, including the preparation of accurate, clear, formatted memos and charts to present findings.Support consulting teams and clients, as required, both off-site and on-site.Contribute proactively to knowledge development efforts related to mining by developing knowledge packs around metals or mining e.g. maintain market models, CAPEX models, benchmark databases, etc.Expected to develop distinctive knowledge spikes in Indonesia mining sector and provide deep sector insights. Job Requirements Bachelor’s degree in related field of Mining or Geosciences from a reputable University, with excellent academic resultFour years’ experience in similar or related jobDeep working knowledge of the sector in Indonesia and general overview of the Southeast Asia region.Excellent written and oral communication skills, with strong command of Bahasa (Indonesia) considering Indonesia being the primary country of research coverageHighly resourceful, with superior problem solving and analytical skillsGood time-management skills and a flexible attitude, with ability to meet tight deadlines and handle simultaneous work streamsStrong customer service orientation with willingness to work in a demanding and results-oriented team environmentMix of technical and business/analytical background is a mustWillingness to travel to client sites in Indonesia, as well as, regionally in Southeast AsiaIT skills: Microsoft Word, PowerPoint, Excel and basic familiarity of Lotus NotesFluent in English. All applications will be treated in the strictest of confidence. If you are a suitable match for this position please send your application to banking@monroeconsulting.com
Requirements
Company Overview
Why Join Us?
Indonesia - Jakarta Raya
Min 4 years (Staff (non-management & non-supervisor))
Location MapJl TB Simatupang, Kav. 36 Jakarta, Sovreign Plaza Building, 16th Floor
|  Advertised: 05-May-14  |  Closing Date: 04-Jun-14
>
> ,
• Copyright © 2014