Construction Manager - PT Robert Walters Indonesia
Construction Manager  -
Construction Manager
Responsibilities
Key responsibilities :Responsible for business result of the construction segment and the success of long term business developmentManaging sales, account management, budget forecasting, business planning as well as aftermarket operations Key requirements :Bachelor degree in Mechanical Engineering or equivalentMinimum five years managerial experience in construction/quarry industriesExcellent sales and marketing skills as well as budgeting and forecastingGood communication and interpersonal skillsFluent in English is a must
Requirements
Company Overview
Robert Walters Jakarta was established in 2012 and due to continual expansion is seeking highly entrepreneurial, motivated recruitment consultants to grow the business. Jakarta is one of the worlds largest cities, is internationalising rapidly, with a corresponding increase in demand for an international standard of recruitment services. Robert Walters is one of the world's leading global specialist recruitment and recruitment outsourcing businesses. The Group specialises in permanent and contract recruitment across all industry sectors, and count FORTUNE 500 companies, investment banks and multinational blue-chip commercial organisations as clients. Operating at all levels of seniority, Jakarta - Indonesia office manages the careers of the best professionals in the following disciplines: commerce finance, banking & financial services, engineering, human resources, legal, information technology, sales & marketing, supply chain, procurement & logistics, and support and administration fields. A global engineering and construction company is looking for a Construction Manager to be based in Jakarta.  Reporting to the Sales Area Manager, Construction – South East Asia, you will be responsible for total sales and account management for Indonesia.  The company is well known for its high technology and advanced products.  It has offices in more than 100 countries.
Why Join Us?
Indonesia - Jakarta Raya
Min 5 years (Manager / Assistant Manager)
Location MapWorld Trade Centre 1, 9th Floor.
Jl. Jend. Sudirman Kav. 29-31.
Jakarta12920
|  Advertised: 05-May-14  |  Closing Date: 04-Jun-14
>
> ,
• Copyright © 2014