Unilever Indonesia Jobs: Talent Pool Assistant Area Finance and Accounting Manager | Customs Manager Indonesia | Assistant Manager Research and Development Spread SEA | PM - IP Operations AAR
|      |      |
|
|
|
|
|
|
Unilever Indonesia Jobs: Talent Pool Assistant Area Finance and Accounting Manager | Customs Manager Indonesia | Assistant Manager Research and Development Spread SEA | PM - IP Operations AAR
Page 1 of 2
Unilever is a global Fast-Moving Consumer Goods company in the UK and Ireland.  We are already on target to achieve our huge ambition to double the size of our business globally whilst reducing our environmental impact. We are growing our business and also doing what is right for our consumers, community and environment.  We are developing brands for people’s lives today and for the changing environment tomorrow - making sustainable living commonplace.
ADVERTISEMENT
Established on 5th December 1933 Unilever Indonesia has grown to be a leading company of Home and Personal Care as well as Foods and Ice Cream products in Indonesia. As one of the world’s greatest consumer goods companies, we offer people with talent, passion and integrity some of the world’s best careers. We are looking for you who believe that this place is the best place to develop your career and yourself.
Working at Unilever means that you get to take part in this exciting journey and work with amazing people who are really passionate about our large portfolio of famous brands. We want to improve billions of lives and you too can join us in making a sustainable difference.
Talent Pool Assistant Area Finance and Accounting Manager - Indonesia
Description
Unilever is implementing proactive approach in expanding our Talent Pool - to reach out to prospective candidates before any real vacancy arises. We are now expanding our Talent Pool for Assistant Area Finance & Accounting Manager.
Primary Responsibilities
Partnering with Sales team to provide relevant & accurate information in timely manner.
Responsible for management of debtor (Account Receivable) and promotion claim.
Perform budget control.
Ensure the depot operational run properly, including follow of all Perda, Tax, and Employment Law).
Give excellent service to support internal party (Central Account, CSOG, Legal, etc).
Capable to innovate and initiate business process simplification.
Build high competence and good leadership to achieve the best performance
Requirements
Willing to be placed in any area in Indonesia (Unilever's Depots)
Bachelor in Accounting from top and reputable University
GPA min. 3.00 out of 4.00 scale
Proficient in English
Computer Literate
High initiative and motivated to learn
Proven leadership experience
Critical & analytical thinking
Legally authorized to work in Indonesia
Unposting date: May-21-2014, 11:59:00 PM
Customs Manager Indonesia - Jakarta
Job Description
Provides advice and guidance to all levels of the organization regarding structuring of export and import transactions, customs duties etc.
Provides technical advice on matters such as classification, valuation, record keeping, country of origin, duty drawback, pre-entry review, post-entry review, broker management, and / or export controls.
Develops and implements import / export policies, practices and procedures.
Plans and carry out regular audit of processes and audits to ensure compliance with the support from internal audit team / external advisor.
Keeps abreast of local developments and changes in customs and trade rules and regulations.
Develops and delivers training and updates concerning compliance risk areas, trends, and existing laws and regulations and developments in applicable laws and regulations.
Supported by regional indirect tax manager, partners with various business stakeholders on strategic projects related to customs and international trade.
Together with regional indirect tax manager and relevant stakeholders in Unilever Indonesia.
Manages relationship and liaises with with Customs and relevant Government Agencies.
Represents the business in external discussions and events regarding trade and customs
Requirements
ADVERTISEMENT
Legally authorized to work in Indonesia.
Bachelor’s degree in with strong academic credentials.
Min 5 years working experience with advising on customs duties.
Prior customs experience with a large, multi-national company / big-4 firm is an added advantage.
Food and beverage industry experience preferred.
Experience in regional customs matters is an added advantage
Certification in Customs is an added advantage.
Unposting date: May-28-2014, 11:59:00 PM
1
SPONSORED LINK
POSTING LOWKER
TERBARU
UPDATE LOWKER
TERPOPULER
STATISTIK
Copyright © 2008 - 2014 jobsID.co. All Rights Reserved.
Casino Bonus at