Interview Campaign on June in India, Philippines,Indonesia & Sri Lanka jobs in Dar Al Riyadh in Dammam/Khobar/Eastern Province - Saudi Arabia - Naukrigulf.com
Job Seekers Login:
|
Interview Campaign on June in India, Philippines,Indonesia & Sri Lanka
at Dar Al Riyadh in
-
Posted: May
4, 2014 Exp:
5 - 10
yrs.
| Opening(s): 1
Education: Basic - Diploma
Nationality: Indian, Filipino, Indonesian, Sri Lankan
Gender: Male
Industry Type:
/
Functional Area:
Your Message could not be sent.
Your message has been sent
Job Description
Share
Dear Candidate,
We have an Interview Campaign in India, Philippines, Indonesia & Sri Lanka.
If you are interested in this opportunity, then, please submit you CV mentioning the Position No. with full Contact Details and in MS Word Format. Please let us know your salary expectation in Saudi Riyals or USD, Marital Status, Skype ID. Etc. & you can directly attend the Interview with the below mentioned documents.
Documents to be carried to the Interview
Updated CV, Education Certificates, All Experience Certificates, Latest Pay Slip, Passport Copies.
Venues of the Interview and other details will be disclose later on.
Please find below required Positions;
1) Maintenance Technician - 2 Yrs. Technical Diploma - 5 Yrs. Min. Exp.
2) Maintenance Helper- 2 Yrs. Technical Diploma - 3 yrs. Min. Exp.
3) Mechanical Technician - 2 Yrs. Technical Diploma - 8 Yrs. Min. Exp. in Maintenance.
4) Commission & Start Up Engineer - BS/BE/B Tech. in Mechanical Plastic Fabrication or other Associated Engineering Degree - 6 Yrs. Min. Exp. in Technical Services or Project Management role.
5) Shift Supervisor - 2 Yrs. Technical Diploma - 8 Yrs. Min. Exp. in IM, IBM Extrusion Supervisory position.
6) Electrical Technician - 2 Yrs. Technical Diploma - 8 Yrs. Min. Exp. in Maintenance.
7) Laboratory & Distribution Supervisor - 2 Yrs. Technical Diploma - 10 Yrs. Min. Exp. in Plant Operations / Maintenance.
Candidates must have experience in
Petrochemical or Manufacturing Plant.
Best regards,
HRCSSD
Dar Al Riyadh
Keyword: Injection moulding Injection molding blow moulding blow molding nylon injection blow molding Plastic manufacturing plant
|
Company Profile
Dar Al Riyadh Consultants (DAR) is a leading Engineering Consulting Company in Saudi Arabia.Established in 1975, DAR has proven expertise in conceptual & detailed designTo know more about us pls. visit our web site www.daralriyadh.com.
Contact Details
Website
Reference CodeDAR F2F IIPS
Disclaimer: Naukrigulf.com is only a platform to bring jobseekers & employers together. Applicants are advised to research the bonafides of the prospective employer independently. We do NOT endorse any requests for money payments and strictly advice against sharing personal or bank related information.We also recommend you visit
for more information. If you suspect any fraud or malpractice, email us at
To*
From*
Subject*
Email:
Password:
Upload a latest profile photo
A CV with photo has 40% higher chances of getting noticed by employers
Upload Profile Photo
This is how your profile photo will look like.To make adjustments, you can drag around and resize the yellow dashed-square on the right panel.
When you are satisfied with your photo click the "Save Photo" button.
Browse Jobs by
Jobs By Location
Jobs By Category
Job Seekers
Recruiters
Partner Sites
Company
Information
All rights reserved © 2001-
2014 Info Edge (India) Ltd.