Field Operation Development Program - Cementing Jobs in Jakarta Raya, DKI Jakarta - PT Halliburton Indonesia
Get the latest jobs sent right to your inbox
|
|
False
Welcome to careerbuilder UK, where we can offer you local content. Would you like to go back to careerbuilder US?
False
Welcome to careerbuilder UK, where we can offer you local content. Would you like to go back to careerbuilder US?
Search :
Keywords :
Top Cities:
State:
Field Operation Development Program - Cementing | Jakarta Raya, DKI Jakarta
PT Halliburton Indonesia
|
Job Snapshot
Location
:
Jakarta Raya, DKI Jakarta
Employee Type
:
Full-Time
Education
:
Bachelor's Degree
Experience
:
None
Post Date
:
14/04/2014
Contact Information
Ref ID
:
CS006-14/03/2014
Similar Jobs
Location:
Jakarta Raya, DKI Jakarta Jobs
Industries:
Description
Founded in 1919, Halliburton is one of the world’s largest providers of products and services to the energy industry. With more than 75,000 employees, representing 140 nationalities in approximately 80 countries, the company serves the upstream oil and gas industry throughout the lifecycle of the reservoir – from locating hydrocarbons and managing geological data, to drilling and formation evaluation, well construction and completion, and optimizing production through the life of the field.
Our Business
Halliburton comprises 13 product service lines (PSLs). The PSLs operate in two divisions: Drilling and Evaluation, and Completion and Production. Our Consulting and Project Management PSL works across both divisions and is the spearhead of our integrated-services strategy. Its financial results are included in the Drilling and Evaluation Division. PSLs are primarily responsible and accountable for strategy, technology development, process development, people development and capital allocation.
A Global Transition
To strengthen our presence in the Eastern Hemisphere, Halliburton established a second headquarters in Dubai, United Arab Emirates. The oil and gas business is moving its focus from the increasingly difficult reserves of the Western Hemisphere to the bounty of the Eastern Hemisphere. As the customers Halliburton serves make this shift, Halliburton is expanding eastward to provide new manufacturing capacity, move closer to key markets, and help reduce the costs of moving materials, products, tools and people.
Job Description:
Responsibility includes the participation and execution under supervision of the following activities, but is not limited to: Performance of pre/post job equipment inspection and preparation Perform corrective and preventive maintenance to the Cementing service and support equipment such as manifold, manifold components, pumps, bulk plant, cementing storage vessels, centrifugal pumps Operations logistic preparation, mobilization, delivery, execution, demobilization, reporting processes and maintenance Equipment lay-out and rig up / rig down operations on the location Operation of the support equipment such as manifold, lines, chemical delivery, bulk plant, data monitoring equipment and service equipment such as Cement Pumping and Mixing equipment, Blender, Liquid Additive Metering Systems, Centrifugal Pumps, Plug releasing tools, etc Maintenance of data acquisition devices attached to the treating lines Assistance on the bulk plant in order to achieve bulk cement blending required as well as delivery and storage for cement and additives Participate on the pre-mixing of spacer fluids Participate in the evaluation of cementing calculations which include but is not limited to pipe capacities and volume/height math, plug landing pressures, absolute volumes (including total water requirements for job), hydrostatic and differential pressure, resulting forces, balanced plugs, bulk cement blending calculations to include liquid additives and weighted spacers, pressure to reverse, and determining burst and collapse Demonstrates basic knowledge of products such as cementing blends, spacer fluid systems, sodium silicate fluid system, loss circulation additives, casing attachments, float equipment, multiple stage cementing tools, and squeeze packers Understands basic lab test data such as pump time, density, yield, water ratio, etc Understands hazardous materials, job, wash up and discharge procedures Holds Pre & Post Job safety meetings from time-to-time defining risks to personnel and the environment Training Responsibilities, this includes the successful completion, but is not limited to: Comply with the country regulatory legal, safety, quality and environmental requirements Comply with the technical requirements assigned to the job position. Complete the set of competencies assigned
Requirements
Candidate must possess a Bachelor Degree in Engineering or related science Fresh graduate are welcome Good English (verbal & written) Minimum GPA 3,00
All applications will be treated confidentially & only short listed candidates will be notified
Please click "Apply Now" button to apply
Mohon diperhatikan bahwa CareerBuilder Indonesia tidak memungut biaya apapun kepada pencari kerja sebagai persyaratan untuk dapat diterima bekerja. Apabila terjadi perusahaan meminta anda untuk mengirimkan sejumlah uang untuk berbagai alasan. Mohon untuk dapat melakukan konfirmasi terlebih dahulu ke pihak CareerBuilder Indonesia. Dan apabila terjadi pengiriman uang kepada pihak perusahaan dari pihak pencari kerja, maka dengan ini pihak CareerBuilder Indonesia menyatakan bahwa kami tidak bertanggung jawab atas hal tersebut.
Terima kasih.
CareerBuilder.co.id - lowongan kerja job search pekerjaan vacancy karir career informasi iklan info pekerjaan jobs loker gawe vacancies karir karier kesempatan opportunities lamaran lamar jobseeker job seeker cv resume apply perusahaan employer pencari kerja job board job portal situs lowongan situs pekerjaan beriklan Field Operation Development Program - Cementing PT Halliburton Indonesia Jakarta Raya energy utilities gas electric fresh graduate entry level lulusan junior
People who applied to this job also applied to
.
Bank Capital Indonesia.
PT Supra Surya Indonesia.
Astel Group.
Astel Group.
Astel Group.
Astel Group.
Astel Group.
PT CIMB Niaga Auto Finance.
PT Ernst & Young Indonesia.
RGF HR Agent Indonesia |
|
Keep
Alert
are being added all the time.
You can setup job alert so you're first to know about future roles
Keyword
Location
Email
Category
Account Management
Accounting
Admin - Clerical
Advertising - Public Relations
Advertising/Media Buying
Aeronautical
Aesthetics
Agriculture
Architecture
Arts - Culture
Audit
Aupair-BabySitting-Household
Automotive
Aviation
Banking
Beauty Care
Biotech
BPO-KPO
Brand/Product Mgmt
Business Development
Business Opportunity
Call Center
Channel/Distribution
Chemical
Commerce-Merchandising
Compensation & Benefits
Construction
Construction Engineering - Architecture - Surveying
Consultant
Consumer
Consumer Banking
Consumer services
Corporate
Corporate Banking
Corporate service
Credit & Loan
Customer Service
Data Entry
Dealer/Trader
Design
Digital/Online Marketing
Distribution - Shipping
Driver
Early Childhood
Education
Electrical/Electronics
Energy, Oil & Gas
Engineering
Entry Level
Environment
Environment - Nature Science
Event Management
Executive
Facilities
Fashion Accessories
Fashion Design
Finance
Financial Controller
Fitness - Beauty Treatment
Franchise
Freight Services
Gen Insurance/ Underwriting/Claims
General Business
General Labor
Government
Government - Federal
Grocery
Guard-Security services
Health Care
Hospitality - Hotel
Human Resources
Industrial & Production
Industry
Information Technology
Installation - Maint - Repair
Insurance
Interior Design
Internal Sales
International Assignment Job
Internet-E-Comerce
Internship
Inventory
Investments/Fund Mgmt
IT-Administration
IT-Hardware
IT-Management
IT-Software/Development
Landscape
Legal
Legal Admin
Luxury and Fashion
Maintenance
Management
Manufacturing
Maritime
Marketing
Mechanical Engineering
Mechatronics
Media - Journalism - Newspaper
Media Production
Medical/Life Science
Military
Multimedia/Web
NGO-Social Services
Nonprofit - Social Services
Nurse
Office Operations
Oil Gas On-Offshore
Other
Part Time
Pharmaceutical
Police - Security - Defence
Principal/Management
Production Assembly Line
Professional Services
Project Management
Publishing
Purchasing - Procurement
QA - Quality Control
Real Estate
Receptionist
Research
Research & Development (R&D)
Restaurant - Food Service
Retail
Sales
Sales Support/Coordination
Science
Secretary
Security
Security Clearance
Senior Management
Shipping
Site Engineering
Skilled Labor - Trades
Sports - Entertainment
Statistics-Market research
Strategy - Planning
Structural/Civil
Supply Chain
Teaching
Technician
Telecommunications
Telesales/Telemarketing
Temporary work
Textile and Apparel
Tourism / Restaurant-Food Service / Security
Trading/Wholesale
Training
Training/Development
Transportation
Travel - Leisure - Tourism
Valuation
Veterinary Services
Volunteering
Warehouse
Work at Home
Working abroad
We keep your email secure, you can view our
here if you are unsure.
Not interseted today? No problem click here to ignore this message.
Sign-up successful
You'll soon be recieving the latest information requested and you can update you email
preferences via the message preferences links found in the emails you recieve.
Help
Employers: 021.2525605
Fax: 021 2525606
templates
CareerBuilder.co.id
Top Sectors
Top Cities
CareerBuilder International