FINANCE STAFF - KSK INSURANCE INDONESIA, PT | jobsDB Indonesia
Indonesia
Job Seeker
Welcome, !
KSK INSURANCE INDONESIA, PT
FINANCE STAFF
DKI Jakarta
03-May-14
• Salary negotiable
• Full Time
•
Middle level , 2 years experience
• Degree
• jobsDB ref:
JID200003001115347
Job Function
>
>
Requirements:Male/FemaleGraduated from bachelor’s degrees in Accounting / FinanceMin experience 2 years in related position is a must Competence in financial report, tax is a mustAdvanced MS Office skills – especially MS Excel. A pro-active and flexible approach to problem solving and job responsibilitiesAnalytically skillful.If you feel that you can meet the qualification and up to the challenge, please send your complete application (application letter, resume, expected salary, and any related supporting documents) and color photograph at size 4 x 6 cm by using"APPLY NOW" JobsDB! (for Member & Non Member)
About KSK INSURANCE INDONESIA, PT
Employer Ref. rhea208414
PT KSK Insurance Indonesia has over 20 years of insurance presence in Indonesia. Our business began back in 1988 as a local general insurer known as PT Asuransi Hastin Utama before changing its name to PT Asuransi Aegis Indonesia in 2001. The company was then acquired by KSK Group Berhad (then known as Kurnia Asia Berhad) in 2007 and was renamed to PT Kurnia Insurance Indonesia. In June 2012, we adopted our present name as a part of its group-wide rebranding exercise.
We are headquartered in the country’s capital Jakarta and have a well-established presence throughout the country. We are well-supported by 6 strategically-situated branches throughout the country and have a growing agency network of almost 400. As testament to our commitment to serve the local market, PT KSK Insurance Indonesia was awarded as the 3rd Best Insurer with Equity below IDR50 Billion by Media Asuransi in 2009. We offer a comprehensive range of general insurance products catering to the needs of both individuals and businesses alike.
Company Industry
Something suspicious?
-
is a part of , , ,
in  placed by . Keywords:
Copyright © 1998-2014, jobsDB Inc. All Rights Reserved.
|