Mercy Corps Indonesia Vacancies: Program Summary & National Training Coordinator - Jakarta | Kerja Ngo
Donated PAYPAL | Support Kerja NGO
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
> Mercy Corps Indonesia Vacancies: Program Summary & National Training Coordinator - Jakarta
Dear All,
Please
find below open position.
We
are trying to find the best possible candidates to make team stronger.
JAKARTA
Program Summary – Technical Assistance and Training Teams (TATTs)
-Contingent
on Funding-
Mercy Corps
Indonesia implements a series of integrated programs in Jakarta, Java, Sumatra
including Aceh, and Eastern Indonesia in the sectors of Climate Change
Adaptation (CCA) and Disaster Risk Reduction (DRR), Water and Sanitation,
Health and Nutrition and Economic development and financial services. Mercy
Corps Indonesia’s goal is to address the root causes of poverty, thereby improving
the quality of life for disaster-affected and poverty-hit urban/peri-urban and
coastal communities. Key cross-cutting themes include disaster mainstreaming,
institutional capacity building and governance related to working in
partnership with and leveraging the resources and expertise of government,
local NGOs, universities, and private sector partners.
Mercy Corps
Indonesia’s goal is to empower people to build healthy, productive, and
resilient communities through strategic partnerships between government,
private sector and communities. Over the past decade, Mercy Corps Indonesia has
led and expanded programming in DRR, CCA, and building resilience across Indonesia .
The goal of this
program is to enhance the skills and technical capacity of selected provincial
disaster management authorities/Badan Penanggulangan Bencana Daerah (BPBDs)
towards inclusive disaster management in Indonesia through capacity building
and providing Technical Assistance and Training Teams (TATTs). The TATTs
program objectives include 1) to provide technical assistance to key personnel
in Provincial BPBDs in Central Java, Southeast Sulawesi, North Maluku, Maluku,
West Papua, and Papua provinces, and 2) manage the delivery of a set of program
of formal training and practical field application to provincial and selected
district BPBD staff.
1. National Training Coordinator – TATTs
Under the guidance of TATTs Chief of Party, the TATTs National Training
Coordinator (NTC) is responsible for substantial capacity building aspects,
documentation of lessons learned and best practices of trainings, and knowledge
management. National Training Coordinator oversees training management on
design, planning, implementation, monitoring & evaluation support, and
sustainability, as well contributing to mainstream best practices at the
national level to increase the quality of BNPB-BPBD trainings. The NTC will
provide vision for the training and seek innovative approaches, tools, and
methods that will lead to long-term sustainability and replicability of
disaster management trainings in collaboration with donor and PUSDIKLAT BNPB.
Qualifications:
A
University degree in relevant field of Development Studies/International
Development, Environmental Management and Policy, Education, or relevant field;
Minimum
7 years of experience in designing and managing training/capacity building
programs in the field of disaster management with demonstrated technical
expertise in subject matter is required;
Experience
in collaboratively working with development agencies, universities, donors and
government departments, such as BNPB and BPBDs, is a strong advantage
Proficiency in English, both
verbal and written communication is essential;
Excellent
communication, presentation, organizational, and interpersonal skills;
Strong familiarity with MS Word,
Excel, and Power Point are mandatory.
2. ME Officer – TATTs
Under the
guidance of TATTs Chief of Party, the TATTs Monitoring & Evaluation Officer
is responsible for coordinating with consortium counterparts on the M&E
system development to implement the program. The M&E Officer oversees the
monitoring and evaluation of the program, including development of M&E
tools and plans, baseline and end-line survey, beneficiary and indicator
tracking, data compilation and participatory analysis, contribution to reports
and preparation of communication materials. The successful candidate will have a well-developed ability to
conceptualize, plan and implement program activities creatively, as well as the
ability to analyze data and utilize lessons learned for the continuous
improvement of program implementation and promote a culture of learning.
Qualifications:
Possess
a relevant university degree or college diploma and relevant 5+ years of
relevant professional experience, including at least three years working in
M&E for non-governmental organizations working in disaster risk
preparedness and resilience management;
Strong
experience working in a consortium setting and government capacity building
programs;
Demonstrated
expertise and experience in M&E, including the development and use of
log-frames, USAID/OFDA indicators, M&E plans and systems;
Possess
skills in qualitative and quantitative M&E methodologies and techniques;
Experience
in developing and implementing baseline/end-line studies and evaluations;
Significant
experience in team / stakeholders training and institutional capacity building;
Sound
experience with USAID/OFDA indicators, M&E system and guidelines;
Strong
computer and data analysis skills (e.g., MS Word, Excel, Powerpoitnt, Access,
SPSS/STATA, and others);
Fluency
in English, both written and spoken, highly desired.
Please send your CV with position applied on the
email subject to:
Vacancy will
be closed 4 May 2014 and only short listed candidates will be contacted for
interview.
We look forward to hearing from those who are
interested in taking this opportunity to grow and develop with us.
Thanks,
Human Resources
Department
Mercy Corps Indonesia
Follow Us By Email
Jika Anda Membutuhkan Informasi Kerja Ngo , Terima kasih Telah Berlangganan Via Email.
Dapatkan Informasi Kerja NGO
Informasi Lengkap Lowongan Kerja NGO Tahun 2014
Google+ Followers
Jejak Kerja NGO
Copyright
© 2012
| Designed by
|