Saka Indonesia-Pangkah Limited Jobs: Electrical Technician Offshore | HSE Drilling Engineer | Completion Engineer
|      |      |
|
|
|
|
|
|
Saka Indonesia-Pangkah Limited Jobs: Electrical Technician Offshore | HSE Drilling Engineer | Completion Engineer
Saka Indonesia-Pangkah Limited (SIPL) is an upstream oil and gas company owned by PT Saka Energi Indonesia, subsidiary of PT Perusahaan Gas Negara (Persero) Tbk (PGN), Indonesia’s largest natural gas transportation and distribution company listed on the Indonesian Stock Exchange (IDX). After acquiring Hess Indonesia-Pangkah Limited, the company is ready to be a world-class upstream oil and gas company. As part of our expansion, we are now looking for experienced professional to contribute in making SIPL an outstanding success and build exciting career in our global business:
Electrical Technician Offshore
(Location: Pangkah Offshore - Gresik, Jawa Timur)
Responsibilities
ADVERTISEMENT
Report to the Maintenance Supervisor Offshore, this position is accountable to manage, inspect, maintain and troubleshoot all electrical systems and equipment, and ensure that operating parameters for electrical equipment are met in Offshore facilities (WHP, CPP, AUP) to ensure optimum deliverable of oil and gas production.
This position is responsible to handling
Power Generation and Distribution
High, Medium and Low Voltage Distribution / Switchgear
Gas Turbine Compressor / Generator & Diesel Engine control system
Fire & Gas System
Digital Relay Protection
UPS Batteries System
DCS / PLC programming and maintenance
6.6 KV & 400 V motors and motor starter
Qualification
Graduated from Technical Diploma or Bachelor degree in Electrical Engineering.
Minimum 5 years working experience in oil and gas industry in electrical field, preferably in offshore environment.
Having solid knowledge and certified in Electrical Hazardous Areas.
Familiar with offshore oil and gas production facilities and equipment.
Experienced in carry out major services, overhauls and breakdown maintenance on electrical equipment.
Familiar with Computerized Maintenance Management System.
Familiar with American and European standards of electrical units and measurements.
Familiar with Permit to Work system, Job Safety Analysis, Safety Observations and Audits.
English literacy, spoken and written.
HSE Drilling Engineer
(Location: Jakarta)
Responsibilities
Report to Team Lead Drilling and Completion Engineering, This position is accountable to:
Develop HSE Integrated Plan for Drilling campaign
Coordinate Risk Assessment and HAZID / HAZOP review of Drilling Program and Well Intervention.
In coordination with SCM, prepare scope of work of service contract related with HSE:
Provision of H2S Equipment and Services
Provision of Scheduled Waste Disposal Services
Provision of Medevac Services
Provision of UKL-UPL for Exploration and Development Drilling
Provision of Oil Spill Response Services
Provision of Site Survey Services (w / CDCR)
Provide input for HSE requirement in the tender document
Evaluate bidder HSE compliance in tender evaluation.
When drilling operation begin, conduct audit the implementation of HSE plan and track the HSE performance.
Qualification
Related BSc degree
Minimum 7 years working experience as Drilling or offshore HSE officer / specialist / advisor.
Having solid knowledge and certification in HSE areas.
English literacy, spoken and written.
Completion Engineer
(Location: Jakarta)
Responsibilities
Report to Team Lead Drilling and Completion Engineering, This position is accountable to:
Conduct a variety of completions engineering assignments requiring general familiarity with a broad field of completions engineering
Performs calculations and maintains documentation relating to a variety of completions activities such as tubular good usage, completions fluids, well head configuration and well status at handover
Conducts studies, analysis, interpretation and conclusions of routine and non-routine problems independently
Prepares completions and well testing programs
Production modelling (Prosper, etc) including zonal isolation (ICD’s) MPAS packers, oil and water swellables
Developing scopes of work and bid evaluation
Developing completion cost models, generating well AFEs and monitoring completions costs
Prepares contract technical bid documentation and tender evaluation
Performs completions program forecasting and well budgeting (AFE)
Initiates material orders and services personnel requisitions, maintains rental tool inventory and verifies and approves work performed by contractor and service companies
Qualification
Minimum BS Degree of Petroleum Engineering or other related disciplines
Minimum 5 years working experience in a broad range of completions activities incl. completions operations, well planning and well design
ADVERTISEMENT
Experience with Coil Tubing Unit (CTU) is preferred
Experience working in offshore environment
Experience working with relevant service company is an advantage
Computer literate (Ms Office, completions reporting software and completions applications such as torque / drag modelling and production modelling)
Fluent written and spoken English
To apply online, please send your application to email below no later than 18 May 2014. Please put the position title in the email subject.
This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
Lowongan Lainnya
Untuk berlangganan info lowongan kerja terbaru silahkan "like / suka"
kami , "follow" akun , +1 di
page kami , atau bisa juga melalui email silahkan baca petunjuknya .
SPONSORED LINK
POSTING LOWKER
TERBARU
UPDATE LOWKER
TERPOPULER
STATISTIK
Copyright © 2008 - 2014 jobsID.co. All Rights Reserved.
Casino Bonus at