NOC Performance & Analytics Expert Job, Lahore, Mobilink GSM (PMCL) - ROZEE.PK
|
View all jobs from
NOC Performance & Analytics Expert
,
Islamabad
|    |    |
Your application has been submitted successfully. Employer may contact you on .
Not a Member?
Upload your CV to apply for this job.
Step 1/2: Upload Your CV
CV Uploading...
Already a Member:   Login below
Find people you may know at Mobilink GSM (PMCL)
Job Detail
More Jobs From:
Industry:
Multinational
Functional Area:
Total Position:
1
Job Type:
Full Time/Permanent
Department:
Operations & Support - Technology
Job Location:
,
Gender:
Doesn't Matter
Minimum Education:
Bachelor's Degree
Degree Title:
Hold at least a Bachelor’s Degree in Telecommunication/IT, Masters will be preferred
Career Level:
Officer
Minimum Experience:
3 Years (Have at least 3 years of relevant work experience.)
Apply By:
May 6, 2014
Job Posting Date:
Apr 29, 2014
Jobs from Similar Employers
Job Description:
The ideal candidate should:
Hold at least a Bachelor’s Degree in Telecommunication/IT, Masters will be preferredHave at least 3 years of relevant work experience. Job Description: Perform network performance monitoring and KPI analysis for GSM/UMTS access and core network.Monitor the real time network KPIs and correlate them with network alarms and operational issues.Work toward improving the network quality with failure analysis and recommendations for improvement.Liaison with the internal teams to identify and correlate the problem for the earlier resolution.Conduct regular follow-ups and tracking of major degradations with trend analysis.Work in shifts (24X7) for live performance monitoring and follow-ups.
Essential Skills BSS Performance toolkit (Huawei, Ericsson & ALU), Ericsson ENIQ /Business Objects for performance analysis and OSSRCTechnically well equipped with call & signaling scenarios for e.g. CSSR, SD, MOC, MTC, SMS, Paging, LUP, MNP, PDP-SR etc.Knowledge of Ericsson BSS-EVO and business objects for performanceWell versed with the VoIP/GPRS/EDGE and UMTS protocol stacks Desirable Skills Knowledge of Astellia Performance Toolkit.Proficiency in MS. Office Suite, SQL, VNC, telnet, ftp.Strong Analytical and communication skills
ROZEE.PK
Would you like to receive free alerts for similar jobs?
Email:
Job Seekers
Send FeedbackWe would like to hear from you.
Copyright ©2014 ROZEE.PK - Jobs in Pakistan
- All Rights Reserved. - A Division of Naseeb Networks, Inc.
Reproduction of material from any ROZEE.PK pages without permission is strictly prohibited.
|
|
|
|