TEFL Jobs in Indonesia | TEFL Courses Ireland
Learn to teach English with TEFL Courses Ireland and find paid work abroad
T: 0800 9 888 200
and get full access to application details and our huge list of contacts.
Already booked your course? Login here
Username:
Password:
Location in website:
»
»
»
|
|
TEFL Jobs in Indonesia
A stunning south-east Asian country of over 17,000 islands, Indonesia is a country of modern cities are contrasted with jungles filled with amazing wildlife.  Bali is rightly famous as a popular destination that really lives up to the hype, but the whole country is full of diverse cultures, unspoilt island beaches, and scenery that will take your breath away.
TEFL jobs in Indonesia are to be found in language schools throughout the country, particularly in Jakarta, Sumatra, Java, Sulawesi, Bali and Yogyakarta.  You can expect to earn a good local salary, roughly equivalent to a managerial position in Indonesia,  and more than enough to enjoy a comfortable lifestyle in this beautiful country.
Only TEFL Courses Ireland graduates can apply for these TEFL jobs in Indonesia.
Not TEFL Courses Ireland qualified yet?
Take one of our accredited
Teach English abroad in Jakarta or Bogor, Indonesia
Based: Jakarta and Bogor
Duration of Contract:
One year contract
Type of Job: Paid
Remuneration: USD 800 to 1000
Accommodation Included? No
Job Reference INDON455
More Information:
Native English teacher
Based: Jakarta, Bogor, Bandung, Malang, Surabaya and Medan
Duration of Contract:
12 month
Type of Job: Paid
Remuneration: USD 1,000 - 1,500 which is highly a competitive salary allowing comfortable lifestyle and travel within Indonesia
Accommodation Included? No
Job Reference INDON278
More Information:
Join a supportive TEFL community working in cities throughout Indonesia
Based: Many cities
Duration of Contract:
up to 27 hours of classes each week
Type of Job: Paid
Remuneration: Excellent salary, enough for a comfortable lifestyle in a country where prices are much cheaper
Accommodation Included? Yes
Job Reference INDONTJ
More Information:
FREE Tefl Ireland Directory of Employers
Did you know that all Tefl Ireland students get access to our massive contacts directory, with 1000s of TEFL employers across the world.
Get the latest TEFL jobs and news
Sign up to our Newsletter now!
Name:
Email:
Unsubscribe Now
Use this form to unsubscribe from our TEFL newsletter.
Email:
Find the latest TEFL Jobs here.
Application details only available to our students.
Start your Adventure today!
Improve your written and spoken English skills with this innovative course.
“Thank you so so much for all your help. Your service has really been top class. You've really helped us out and thanks again for all your support and advice! We are both really happy we chose TEFL courses Ireland to do our course with, I don't think we could have found a more helpful one. Thanks again so much!
Sean and Yasmine
”Sean O' Maille & Yasmine Leahy
Tefl Ireland Accreditation
TEFL Courses Ireland courses are BAC accredited
TEFL Ireland courses are ODLQC approved
TEFL Ireland courses are IATEFL Registered
TEFL Courses Ireland is an Investors in People business
We're open Mon - Sat, 9am - 5.30pm, call us or drop us an email.
E:
Call us on
1800 937 100 (Ireland)     or     0800 098 8488 (Northen Ireland)     |
TEFL Courses Ireland Info:
Ireland TEFL Courses:
Design © 2011
Order a free brochureClick here to order a free brochure and info pack. You'll have it in less than 3 days
Questions?
and we'll get straight back to you!
SIGN IN TO YOUR ONLINE COURSE IF You bought Before 31st March 2014
Enter your login details below
Username
Password
SIGN IN TO YOUR ONLINE COURSE IF You bought After 31st March 2014
Enter your login details below
Username
Password
powered by
olark.configure('system.group', '6c16f9f35f378b2686fbe7240ff034f0'); /*Routes to New Group*/