Pertamina Hulu Energi WMO – Marine & Logistic Coordinator, Aviation Officer Pertamina Group May 2014 | Indonesia Jobs Vacancies, Employment, Career Opportunities in Indonesia.
Jobs Vacancies, Employment And Career Opportunities in Indonesia.
05.01.2014 · Posted in
PT Pertamina Hulu Energi West Madura Offshore – Pertamina Hulu Energi WMO or known as PHE WMO is a leading oil and gas company in Indonesia with business focus on oil and gas exploration and exploitation (upstream). Since 2011, the Company is the operator of West Madura Offshore (WMO) block East Java. The block is located at Northwest of Madura Island. PHE WMO holds 80% participating interest (PI) in WMO block. Other 20% PI owned by Kodeco Energy Ltd.
is an affliate company of state-owned oil company PT Pertamina (Persero) and fully-owned by PT Pertamina Hulu Energi (PHE). According to PT Pertamina (Persero) Annual Report 2012 as cited by JobsCDC.com, PHE WMO achieved total production of 9,319 BOPD of oil and 110 MMSCFD of gas for the end of December 2012.
To support its progressive growth and build the organizational capability,
are now looking for a person with strong motivation and goodwill to fill this positions
Marine & Logistic Coordinator
Requirements:
Minimum Bachelors Degree (S1) majoring in Marine Engineering or other related Engineering background, ANT/ATT-2
At least 3 years of onboard experience as a Master or Senior Officer, Marine Coordinator, Logistics Marine Supervisor, MTA
Having working experience in the field of practical marine operational, including oil/gas tankers and offshore vessels
Preferably having knowledge and experience in Marine Fleet Coordinator, Marine Coordinator, Logistics Marine Supervisor, Marine Technical Authority
Preferably having previous experience as Port Captain or Mooring Master with Sea Pilot License
Having MWS experiences
Good command in English (verbal and written)
Computer literacy (Ms. Office, SAP)
Aviation Officer
Requirements:
Minimum Bachelor’s degree (S1) majoring in Aviation/Technical/Engineering and ATPL/AMEL Holder
At least 5 years of experiences in oil and gas industry for offshore operations and minimum 3 years in aviation industry with working knowledge of Helicopter operations
Preferably having experience in offshore logistics as a Helicopter Operation Crew (Pilot, Mech, FOO) at least 3 years (oil and gas industry preferred)
Possess good understand all the rules of the Aviation existing good rule of International (ICAO/OGP) and Government regulation (DGCA-CASR/SKK MIGAS)
Understand the system of cooperation in oil and gas operations such as: PSC, including understanding about all the rules for procurement/auction goods in accordance PTK-0050/BPO0000/2012/SO.
Good command in English (verbal and written)
Computer literacy (Ms. Office, SAP)
For further information, please refer official source from Petromindo on following link below. All positions above will be located at Pertamina Hulu Energi West Madura Offshore (PHE WMO) – Jakarta. Should you are interested and meet with minimum requirements above, please submit your application through
(klik : karir) or
or send your application letter and resume via email to hrssphewmo@pertamina.com. Expired date : 12 May 2014. Only suitable applicants will be contacted for further process. (JobsCDC.com / )
:
Similar Jobs:
Tags: ,
Comments are closed
Jobs by Date:
May 2014
M
T
W
T
F
S
S
7891011
12131415161718
19202122232425
262728293031
XML Map / RSS Feeds:
Top Job Locations:
Archives
Jobs by Keywords:
© 2009
Jobs in Other Countries: