Project Manager - 5* Hotel - Indonesia - Jakarta - Indonesia
Menu
Candidates
About Us
|
Total Live Jobs 65Energy, Construction & Engineering Recruitment
Tel: +44 (0)1962 397777
Email:
Latest Jobs
Macau - Salary negotiable
We are representing a luxury hotel casino development group who are building a new, $multi billion resort project in Macau (near Hong Kong). This project will be one of the landmark developments they have undertaken and will be due for completion in 2016. The intention is to deliver a resort that will have breath taking luxury, designed to attract the wealthiest guests and provide these guests with state-of-the-art facilities and sumptuousness services.
Reporting to one of their Senior Construction Managers, our client is seeking a Project Manager who would take responsibility for the delivery for all F&B;/Kitchen elements on this prestigious development.
Managing the appointed Main Contractor, main tasks include
• Develop criteria, schedules and budgets for projects in conjunction with Property Operational Team
• Assist in the coordination between disciplines, contractors and operational team.
• Manage construction and installation activities and coordination with operational team through the completion of the project.
• Compile pre-final and final inspection punch lists and to oversee the timely rectification of deficiencies and the successful completion and handover of completed construction.
• Review, comment, coordinate design and documentation deliverables for projects
• Manage final project completion and handover to property including deliverables of all necessary documents and manuals, etc.
• Review, draft, and finalise scope statements for planned works.
• Review and take action on requests for qualification and requests for proposals for consulting contracts and purchase orders.
• Assist in the review and negotiation of professional services contracts.
• Review and coordinate operational programs and criteria for potential projects and ensure that approved requirements are implemented accordingly.
• Coordinate client deliverables including design and purchasing requirements for each project and to maintain project schedules for all projects.
• Assist in the coordination of pre-construction planning with design teams.
Candidate requirements:-
• Diploma or above in building studies / construction management / civil engineering or related discipline is ideally required.
• 15 years or above of related experience in fit-out work
Our client can offer a negotiable basic salary (paid in local currency) + accommodation allowance + 30 days holiday (16 of which will be public holidays) + other company benefits.
Salaries will be paid in local Macau currency. Income tax in Macau is only 6%.
Macau is a family friendly location with access to an international school that follows Canadian curriculum. However our client will not contribute to school fees.
If you have the desired skills and experience for this challenging position, please send an up to date copy of your CV to Martin at The Highfield Company as soon as possible.
Please be assured that all communication will be treated in the strictest of confidence.
Dubai - $9 to $11 pm
Senior Process Engineer - UAE Are you an experienced Process Design Engineer looking to work in the Middle East with a tax free salary? Are you highly experienced in Process Design Engineering and looking for an opportunity with a leading Oil & gas Engineering Consultancy? If so then please forward your CV immediately. The position will be initial 4-6 month contract with a view to becoming a 1 year renewable contract. Job responsibilities:Perform process design, develop preliminary process flow diagrams Development of process designs for proposals.Provide process-engineering tasks as required to ensure a project is executed cost effectively and passes the required performance test.Coordinates Process work plan within overall sequence of engineering execution. Specific details of the work required includes You will be a Degree qualified in Chemical Engineering with 15 years or more experience as an Engineer. You will have extensive process design experience including conceptual design, detailed design and FEED on Oil & Gas projects as well as familiarity of international code & standard. Experience of using HYSYS and PIPESIM is required as well. You must be fluent in English speaking and be able to work in a multicultural team providing mentoring to junior staff. Our client offers an attractive salary package between $9K-11K P/M.
City of London - up to £1 pa
Pre-Construction Manager / BID Manager (future Director) - London, United Kingdom We have been retained by a highly recognised, award winning, leading construction company to identify a key person to join their London division; Our client is a fast growing business that has consistently performed far in excess of industry norms, now turning-over more than a quarter of a billion pounds per annum. They are renowned for their alternative approach to construction and are highly thought of by their predominantly repeat-business client base. They are now recognised as one of the UK's leaders in the construction industry and are seen as a dynamic, exciting company. They are looking to recruit a Pre-Construction Manager, based out of the London office the successful applicant will be responsible for leading the BID team on a variety of refurbishment and new build projects up to £100 million in value, the London region is currently turning over in excess of £150 million per annum. They consider the London region to be a huge area for growth within the business, the position offers a realistic chance of progression into a Regional Pre-Construction Director role within the next 2/3 years. This is a role for someone who has a hands on approach whilst also possessing the leadership skills that can motivate and inspire the BID team, they believe that their dynamic approach to BID writing blows away the competition, the current company members are strong and driven individuals and they are looking for someone of a similar calibre. You will report directly into the Regional Managing Director and Group Pre-Construction Director, you will be responsible for the following:- Leading of the BID Team- Hands on BID writing- Liaising with the Estimating Team- Identification and selection of Design Consultants- Management of design team- Monitoring of BID strategy throughout the process- Ensuring BIDM programme deadlines are adhered to and met- Proof reading and editing of the BID document- Attend and present at tender interviews and handover meetings Preferred / Essential Criteria:- Degree in Quantity Surveying / Engineering / Building Technology / Construction Management or equivalent preferred by not essential- Stable work experience with blue chip companies (not from an interim background)- Experienced in either large new build (£30 to 100 million) or complex refurbishment projects- A demonstrable period leading BID teams, preferably within the London market- A background in Planning, Operations or Design, must have been in a purely Pre-Construction role for at least the last 2 years- Flexible and adaptable by nature- A motivator and leader of others who is able to evaluate problems or issues and offer solutions- Able to take responsibility and accountability- Forward-thinking and creative - challenge the status-quo In return, our client is willing to offer a salary package designed to attract the right calibre individual as well as the autonomy to shape the commercial function in the best way for it to operate and the chance to be part of the leadership of one of the UK's most dynamic construction companies. If you are confident that you fully match the above criteria please contact Phil Hart for an initial informal conversation. Please be assured that all applications will be treated in the strictest of confidence.
Maidstone - £45,000 to £50,000 pa
Site Manager - Career progression (Construction / Residential) - £8.5M, East MallingMy client is a leading, award winning international construction business with a turnover running into the Billions; they have been in existence for over 100 years and have operations in over 80 countries. They are an excellent business to work for with much of their work coming from repeat business due to client satisfaction; they achieve this by demonstrating their core values which are teamwork, respect, integrity and excellence. They have a requirement for a Site Manager to work on an £8.5 million residential scheme in East Malling, there is a realistic opportunity to progress into a more senior position in time where you would have increased responsibility for project delivery on very large schemes and developments (a lot of what they do is construction rather than residential, this is a fairly rare job for them). What they can offer: A wide variety of projects (lots of large education and student accommodation)Excellent career progressionLandmark city based projects Essential criteria:Similar previous experience on projects of a similar value for a reputable contractorStable work experience with respected design and build contractorsTrack record of keeping project programmes on time and in budgetMust be ambitious and drivenAbility to make your own decisions Our client is keen to interview imminently, they are willing to offer a very competitive package as follows (specific details dependant on experience):Very competitive basic salary plus packageExcellent package If you are confident that you fully match the above criteria please contact John Mulhern.Please be assured that all applications will be treated in the strictest of confidence.
Maidstone - £50,000 to £55,000 pa
Senior Site Manager – Career progression (Construction / Residential) - £8.5M, East Malling
My client is a leading, award winning international construction business with a turnover running into the Billions; they have been in existence for over 100 years and have operations in over 80 countries. They are an excellent business to work for with much of their work coming from repeat business due to client satisfaction; they achieve this by demonstrating their core values which are teamwork, respect, integrity and excellence.
They have a requirement for a Senior Site Manager to work on an £8.5 million residential scheme in East Malling, there is a realistic opportunity to progress into a more senior position in time where you would have increased responsibility for project delivery on very large schemes and developments (a lot of what they do is construction rather than residential, this is a fairly rare job for them).
What they can offer:
- A wide variety of projects (lots of large education and student accommodation)
- Excellent career progression
- Landmark city based projects
Essential criteria:
- Previously been at least #2 onsite on projects of a similar value for a reputable contractor
- Stable work experience with respected design and build contractors
- Track record of keeping project programmes on time and in budget
- Must be ambitious and driven
- Ability to make your own decisions
Our client is keen to interview imminently, they are willing to offer a very competitive package as follows (specific details dependant on experience):
- Very competitive basic salary plus package
- Company car or car allowance
- Excellent package
If you are confident that you fully match the above criteria please contact John Mulhern.
Please be assured that all applications will be treated in the strictest of confidence.
Maidstone - £45,000 to £50,000 pa
Site Manager – Career progression (Construction / Residential) - £8.5M, East Malling
My client is a leading, award winning international construction business with a turnover running into the Billions; they have been in existence for over 100 years and have operations in over 80 countries. They are an excellent business to work for with much of their work coming from repeat business due to client satisfaction; they achieve this by demonstrating their core values which are teamwork, respect, integrity and excellence.
They have a requirement for a Site Manager to work on an £8.5 million residential scheme in East Malling, there is a realistic opportunity to progress into a more senior position in time where you would have increased responsibility for project delivery on very large schemes and developments (a lot of what they do is construction rather than residential, this is a fairly rare job for them).
What they can offer:
- A wide variety of projects (lots of large education and student accommodation)
- Excellent career progression
- Landmark city based projects
Essential criteria:
- Similar previous experience on projects of a similar value for a reputable contractor
- Stable work experience with respected design and build contractors
- Track record of keeping project programmes on time and in budget
- Must be ambitious and driven
- Ability to make your own decisions
Our client is keen to interview imminently, they are willing to offer a very competitive package as follows (specific details dependant on experience):
- Very competitive basic salary plus package
- Excellent package
If you are confident that you fully match the above criteria please contact John Mulhern.
Please be assured that all applications will be treated in the strictest of confidence.
Maidstone - £50,000 to £55,000 pa
Senior Site Manager - Career progression (Construction / Residential) - £8.5M, East MallingMy client is a leading, award winning international construction business with a turnover running into the Billions; they have been in existence for over 100 years and have operations in over 80 countries. They are an excellent business to work for with much of their work coming from repeat business due to client satisfaction; they achieve this by demonstrating their core values which are teamwork, respect, integrity and excellence. They have a requirement for a Senior Site Manager to work on an £8.5 million residential scheme in East Malling, there is a realistic opportunity to progress into a more senior position in time where you would have increased responsibility for project delivery on very large schemes and developments (a lot of what they do is construction rather than residential, this is a fairly rare job for them). What they can offer: A wide variety of projects (lots of large education and student accommodation)Excellent career progressionLandmark city based projects Essential criteria:Previously been at least #2 onsite on projects of a similar value for a reputable contractorStable work experience with respected design and build contractorsTrack record of keeping project programmes on time and in budgetMust be ambitious and drivenAbility to make your own decisions Our client is keen to interview imminently, they are willing to offer a very competitive package as follows (specific details dependant on experience):Very competitive basic salary plus packageCompany car or car allowanceExcellent package If you are confident that you fully match the above criteria please contact John Mulhern.Please be assured that all applications will be treated in the strictest of confidence.
Azerbaijan - Salary negotiable
Our client is one of the leading property development and construction companies in Azerbaijan.Due to increased market competition they are seeking a Development Manager to identify suitable property and commercial opportunities within this thriving location.The position is based in Baku, which is located on the western coast of the Caspian Sea. There is diverse architecture, from the old city to the new modern developments in the Baku port. Our client is responsible for the majority of the new developments including Mixed Use Resorts, Luxury Hotels, Fine Dining Restaurants, High Rise Commercial and Residential Tower developments.This is a newly created position, so my client is seeking a hands-on, self-motivated individual who will be working as 'a team of one'. You must be able to bring vision and creativity to the role.You will be responsible for all aspects of proposed developments from pre-concept, feasibility, cost, engineering, construction and operational phases.This is an outstanding opportunity to join a rapidly growing organisation, so if you are seeking a new challenge in your already successful career then do not hesitate to apply! Candidate requirementsBachelor's degree in Architecture, Engineering, Construction Management or equivalent.Min of 15 years' experience as a Development/Project Manager ideally in the Middle EastProficiency in planning, scheduling, and production. The preferred candidate will be offered a negotiable tax free basic salary + housing allowance + transport allowance + flights.If you believe you have the skills and attributes necessary for this position then please send an up to date copy of your CV to Martin at The Highfield Company as soon as possible.All applications will be treated in the strictest of confidence.
Macau - £70,000 to £90,000 pa
Our client is a huge international contracting company who specialise in delivering high calibre construction projects in Asia and the Middle East. The company have expanded their reach following their founding and are actively involved in numerous high value contracts.An opportunity has presented itself within this company for an experienced Design Manager to join a multi-billion dollar hotel and casino development project based in the world's casino capital, Macau, to the west of Hong Kong. Reporting to the Project Director the successful candidate will:Be responsible for leading the design aspects of the projectHold previous experience of 10 years in the construction industryHave proven experience on previous hotel projectsHave previous experience on building projectsHave relevant fit out and interior design experienceIdeally have worked in South East Asia previously For the ideal candidate our client can offer a basic salary within the range of 80,000-100,000 MOP per month (circa £70,000 - £90,000 per annum). On top of this the company will offer a monthly housing allowance; gross salary is subject to a tax rate of approximately 6%.Our Client are looking to interview immediately for this position.To apply for this position, please submit an up to date copy of your CV to Lucy Bullingham at The Highfield Company as soon as possible.Please be assured that all applications will be treated in the strictest of confidence. Please note that due to a high volume of applications only successful applicants will be contacted.
Riyadh - Salary negotiable
Are you an experienced Project Planner with a proven track record of excellence, seeking the opportunity to work on a High Speed Rail project in Saudi Arabia?Our client has been appointed to undertake construction supervision services of the main train & bus stations only, the role will be to oversee all planning aspects of this work. The position is based in Riyadh.Main Focus:Take sole responsibility for the overall planning, co-ordination and control of the project, meeting the client's requirements in order to produce a functionally and financially viable project that will be completed on time within authorised cost and to the required quality standards.Key Duties:Drawing up plans and presenting schedules of work using specialist planning computer software.Preparing logistics plans and pricing schedules for the project.Monitoring progress throughout the construction process and comparing this with the projected schedule of work;Liaising with the Project Director and Senior Quantity Surveyor throughout the process, making adjustments to projects as necessary.Specifying project objectives and plans including scope, budgeting, scheduling, performance requirements, and selecting project participants.Maximising resource efficiency through procurement of labour, materials and equipment.Implementing various operations through proper coordination and control of planning, design, estimating, contracting and construction in the entire process.Developing effective communications and mechanisms for resolving conflicts Candidate requirementsIdeally possess a relevant Degree qualification.Proven track record as a Project Planner working on construction projects in Middle East/North Africa.Have a minimum of 15 years working experienceFluency in Arabic would be a distinct advantage.The preferred candidate will be offered an all-in remuneration package of SAR 30-33,000 per month (negotiable, depending on experience)If you believe you have the desired skills and experience for this challenging position, then please forward an up to date copy of your CV to Martin at The Highfield Company as soon as possible.
West Midlands - up to £1 pa
Operations Director - Construction – Midlands / North, United Kingdom
We have been retained by a highly recognised, award winning, leading construction company to identify a key person to join their senior management team; Our client is a fast growing business that has consistently performed far in excess of industry norms, now turning-over more than a quarter of a billion pounds per annum. They are renowned for their alternative approach to construction and are highly thought of by their predominantly repeat-business client base. They are now recognised as one of the UK’s leaders in the construction industry and are seen as a dynamic, exciting company.
They are looking to recruit an Operations Director, based out of the West Midlands office the successful applicant will have total operational responsibility for the Midlands and North region of the business, this business unit has a turnover of circa £100 million.
This is a role for someone who has a hands on approach whilst also possessing the leadership skills that can motivate and inspire the operational function for the region. The current company executives are strong and driven individuals and they are looking for someone of a similar calibre.
You will report directly into the Regional Director and Group Managing Director, you will be responsible for the following:
Project Management and delivery (multiple projects)
Strategic planning for the region
Successful Health and Safety Management across the board
Commercial performance (alongside Commercial Director)
Reporting and Planning
Integration of Commercial Function with Operational Function
Client Management
Business Development
Management of Staff (Attracting Talent)
Pre/Post Construction
Essential criteria:
Degree in Construction Management / Quantity Surveying / Engineering / Building Technology or equivalent
Stable work experience with blue chip companies (not from an interim background)
A demonstrable period leading operational functions within a reputable medium / major building contractor
A background in successful delivery of projects both pre and post construction
A proven business developer with the ability to not only win work but to manage the client relationship in order to provide long term repeat business, existing relationships within the industry would be evidence of this
Flexible and adaptable by nature
Must be able to attract talent into the business and manage that talent (as well as existing staff) by using strong leadership skills
A motivator and leader of others who is able to evaluate problems or issues and offer solutions
Able to take responsibility and accountability
Forward-thinking and creative – challenge the status-quo
In return, our client is willing to offer a salary package designed to attract the right calibre individual as well as the autonomy to shape the operational function in the best way for it to operate and the chance to be part of the leadership of one of the UK’s most dynamic construction companies.
If you are confident that you fully match the above criteria please contact Phil Hart or Pete Marston for an initial informal conversation. Please be assured that all applications will be treated in the strictest of confidence.
Riyadh - $13,000 to $16,000 pm
Senior Contracts Manager - Saudi Arabia - Up to $300k USD Total I am seeking a high profile experienced Contracts Manager for a metro mega-project in Saudi Arabia. Our client is one of the JV partnerships working on the new Metro project in Riyadh. You will be the number one in charge of all contracts and claim activities for the entire project.This is a great opportunity to get in to a senior role on a key project in the region. You will ideally have experience as number one on a mega project in the Middle East and be looking to work on a project worth over $5B USD. Our client expects to see substantial experience within commercial or contracts roles and experience in the region is considered an advantage.On offer would be a salary of $16k USD per month tax free as well as full package. Package includes accommodation, schooling if required, health insurance, company car, as well as a generous flight and holiday allowance.If this is something that you would be interested in discussing further get in touch with your latest CV.
Manchester - £80,000 to £90,000 pa
Role: SeniorCommercial Manager - Civils. Salary: £80,000 to £90,000 plus package. Location: Role will be office based in Manchester. My client is a International Contractor who are a major player within the UK Civil Engineering with a group turnover of over £1bn. They are looking to recruit an experienced Senior Commercial Manager with a Civils background to join them in their Manchester office to oversee the Commercial function of a £65m Business Unit. Successful candidate will work closely with the General Manager and provide clear strategic commercial direction and functional leadership. Candidates will be from a Traditional Blue Chip Contracting background and will oversee a portfolio of multiple live projects with a combined value in excess of £60m. Your duties will include:Implementing commercial and procurement management and reporting systems and procedures.Evaluating and managing all contractual risks.Work with General Manager to maximise commercial benefits of all responsible contracts.Forecasting, margin improvement, procurement, risk minimisation, pricing of variations and day-to-day management of contracts. Ideal Qualifications include:RICSThorough working knowledge of NEC3, JCT and ICEMust have prior Commercial experience within a major Civils Contractor This is an excellent opportunity to join a rapidly expanding market leading company with advance orders and scope for career progression. Please contact Peter Morse as soon as possible if you think you are suitable for this role.
Manchester - £80,000 to £90,000 pa
Role: Senior Commercial Manager – Civils.
Salary: £80,000 to £90,000 plus package.
Location:  Role will be office based in Manchester.
My client is a International Contractor who are a major player within the UK Civil Engineering with a group turnover of over £1bn.
They are looking to recruit an experienced Senior Commercial Manager with a Civils background to join them in their Manchester office to oversee the Commercial function of a £65m Business Unit.
Successful candidate will work closely with the General Manager and provide clear strategic commercial direction and functional leadership. Candidates will be from a Traditional Blue Chip Contracting background and will oversee a portfolio of multiple live projects with a combined value in excess of £60m.
Your duties will include:
Implementing commercial and procurement management and reporting systems and procedures.
Evaluating and managing all contractual risks.
Work with General Manager to maximise commercial benefits of all responsible contracts.
Forecasting, margin improvement, procurement, risk minimisation, pricing of variations and day-to-day management of contracts.
Ideal Qualifications include:
RICS
Thorough working knowledge of NEC3, JCT and ICE
Must have prior Commercial experience within a major Civils Contractor
This is an excellent opportunity to join a rapidly expanding market leading company with advance orders and scope for career progression.
Please contact Peter Morse as soon as possible if you think you are suitable for this role.
Jakarta - £70,000 to £75,000 pa
$11,000 per month net + Accommodation + Transport + Medical + FlightsA leading international contractor is seeking a Project Manager to oversee the construction of a 5* Hotel in Indonesia. Immediate start, 3 year duration. Requirements:Degree qualifiedPrevious experience managing a hotel or similar project with high quality finishingsProject experience at $150m level SE Asia experience an advantage Contact Andrew Morss for further information.
London - Salary negotiable
Quantity Surveyor (Construction/Mixed use) – £70 Million Project, London (North London)
My client is a leading, award winning developer specialising in large residential and mixed-use developments, they specialise in delivering high end developments throughout London and have a turnover in excess of £200 Million themselves whilst also being part of a larger group.
They have a requirement for a project based Quantity Surveyor to support a Senior Surveyor on a £70 Million mixed use development in Hornsey, North London.  The project will consist of 438 units in 4 RC concrete buildings.  In addition, the shell and core of 40,000ft of Sainsbury/retail space.
What they can offer:
- Involvement in a landmark city based project
- Excellent career prospects
- Competitive salary and package
Essential criteria:
- Previously experience running jobs in the range of £5-10m
- Stable work experience with respected design and build contractors/developers
- Housing experience is preferred but not essential
- Degree qualified is preferable
Our client is keen to interview imminently, they are willing to offer a very competitive package as follows (specific details dependant on experience):
- Competitive salary
- Company car or car allowance
- Holiday
- Excellent package
If you are confident that you fully match the above criteria please contact John Mulhern.
Please be assured that all applications will be treated in the strictest of confidence.
North London - Salary negotiable
Quantity Surveyor (Construction/Mixed use) - £70 Million Project, London (North London)My client is a leading, award winning developer specialising in large residential and mixed-use developments, they specialise in delivering high end developments throughout London and have a turnover in excess of £200 Million themselves whilst also being part of a larger group.They have a requirement for a project based Quantity Surveyor to support a Senior Surveyor on a £70 Million mixed use development in Hornsey, North London. The project will consist of 438 units in 4 RC concrete buildings. In addition, the shell and core of 40,000ft of Sainsbury/retail space. What they can offer:Involvement in a landmark city based projectExcellent career prospectsCompetitive salary and packageEssential criteria:Previously experience running jobs in the range of £5-10mStable work experience with respected design and build contractors/developersHousing experience is preferred but not essentialDegree qualified is preferable Our client is keen to interview imminently, they are willing to offer a very competitive package as follows (specific details dependant on experience):Competitive salaryCompany car or car allowanceHolidayExcellent package If you are confident that you fully match the above criteria please contact John Mulhern.Please be assured that all applications will be treated in the strictest of confidence.
Saudi Arabia - £65,000 to £75,000 pa
Operations Manager - CCGT Power Plant - Saudi Arabia
£65-75K + accommodation + car + flights
An international operator of a major combined cycle power and desalination plant is seeking an Operations Manager to work in Saudi Arabia on the East coast.
To be considered you will have experience of working at Operations Manager level on a combined cycle power plant.
Strong leadership skills are required. The role will involve managing up to 70 staff.
Familiarity with British safety standards are also required.
The position is offered on a renewable contract basis.
Contact Andrew Morss for further information.
Qatar - £120,000 to £135,000 pa
Lead Testing & Commissioning Manager – Qatar
I am currently working with a blue chip truly International Contractor who have a global reach, and who have been involved in some of the most prestigious projects throughout Middle East, Asia and Europe. They have a reputation among their clients for delivering large and complex projects to a very high standard. They are traditionally both a building & civils contractor.
They are seeking a Lead Testing & Commissioning Manager for a US $750m+ vast commercial development in Doha. You will be expected to lead both your T&C; team within the main contractor, and also manage the specialist MEP Commissioning subcontractor.  You will have the combined experience and ability to lead and manage multiple teams, while also coming from a hands on background - Ideally with experience working with specialist MEP or Testing & Commissioning contractors specifically in the capacity of Testing & Commissioning.
This will be therefore primarily a Head Office based role, but you will have to spend some time on site to ensure the T&C; is being executed correctly. You will report into the Head of MEP. Qatar based experience will be a real advantage, although you will be considered without.
Prerequisites for the position include:
Middle East experience - ideally Qatar based
Senior Management experience in Testing & Commissioning
Experience leading T&C; on large GCC based building construction projects US $300m+
Ideally experience in specialist MEP T&C; sub contractors
Either Electrical or Mechanical qualifications
Your full package will be paid tax free and will range from between at QR60k - QR70k per month (circa £120,000 to £135,000) and you will receive on top of this flights and medical cover.
This is an excellent opportunity to get involved in a very prestigious project in a very reputable company at a senior level. Please be assured that all correspondence will be treated in the strictest of confidence.
Algiers  - Salary negotiable
Our Client is a top building contractor who operate on a global scale. They specialise in delivering world class construction projects and have experienced phenomenal growth following their founding. The company success is based on a mutual trust and respect between their clients, alongside a pioneering spirit and devotion to the delivery of prestigious construction projects.
The company have recently been awarded the contract for a mixed use mega project based in the capital of Algeria and require an experienced Procurement Manager to be actively involved in the development of this iconic setting. This high value project will include the construction of hotels, residential districts, retail outlets and restaurants.
In order to be considered for this role you will:
• Be ultimately responsible for the Procurement management of the project
• Hold a relevant degree qualification
• Have at least 5 years proven experience in a Procurement Manager role
• Have previous experience as a Senior Procurement Engineer
• Have at least 5 years’ experience in the building construction sector
• Have excellent communication and negotiation skills
For the ideal candidate our client can offer an inclusive salary package of up to US$9000 per month.
Our Client are looking to interview immediately for this position.
To apply for this position, please submit an up to date copy of your CV to Lucy Bullingham at The Highfield Company as soon as possible.
Please be assured that all applications will be treated in the strictest of confidence.
Please note that due to a high volume of applications only successful applicants will be contacted.
Project Manager - 5* Hotel - Indonesia
Reference:
BBBH3690
Sector(s):
Building
Salary:
£70,000 to £75,000 Per Annum
Benefits:
Expat Benefits
Locations:
Indonesia
Town/City:
Jakarta
Contract Type:
Contract / Freelance
Consultant Email:
Description
$11,000 per month net + Accommodation + Transport + Medical + FlightsA leading international contractor is seeking a Project Manager to oversee the construction of a 5* Hotel in Indonesia. Immediate start, 3 year duration. Requirements:Degree qualifiedPrevious experience managing a hotel or similar project with high quality finishingsProject experience at $150m level SE Asia experience an advantage Contact Andrew Morss for further information.
Home
Candidates
Clients
Other
The Highfield Company
29 Carlton Crescent
Southampton
Hampshire
SO15 2EW
T+44 (0) 1962 397777
E: info@thehighfieldcompany.com
Created by .
Copyright © 2012 - 2014 .