Drilling Fluids Superintendent Job in Jakarta, Indonesia
Email:
Password:
Keep me logged in
Powered by
You can checkout a maximum of 150 jobs.
Create a free virtual CV and let recruiters find you
Automatically have your profile matched to suitable Oil & Gas positions
Link to your profile using it as a free online CV
Store all your employment documents to your profile for easy sending
Always receive feedback on positions applied for
Advertise Oil and Gas jobs for free
Suitable candidates automatically matched to your position
View candidate profiles for free
No more waiting for candidates to respond to job advertisements
Only ever pay when you match a candidate to a position
No more cold calling and sorting through out dated CVs
Drilling Fluids SuperintendentAdd to Jobs BasketYou can apply for up to 10 jobs at once by adding them to your basket.Application LimitCandidates can apply for up to 150 jobs in 28 days.
> Status: LiveJob DetailsLocation:
> Working Locations: OfficePosted: 01/05/2014 12:00:00Expires: 29/05/2014 12:00:00Job Description
URGENT: Drilling Fluids Superintendent- 12 Month Contract - Indonesia- Residential Role Duration:12 Month Contract - Renewable Working Week: 45 hour week Location:Jakarta, Indonesia Rate:Negotiable day rates dependent on experience and availability.The CompanyAn Oil & Gas Super Major operating company with a significant project portfolio spanning across South East Asia
The Project An offshore development well on a jack up rig, involving conventional drilling in high loss zones. The Role*Coordinate and supervise all well fluids, solids control and waste treatment activities*Leader for all drilling fluids operations *Manage day to day drilling fluids actions for conventional drilling program in high loss zones .
*Track and evaluate drilling fluids KPI'sThe Requirements *15 Years' experience working in the Oil & Gas industry *10 years working with drilling fluids operations *Past experience gained working for Oil & Gas operating company *Preference will be given to candidates with first-hand knowledge of local region*Excellent command of written and spoken English If you are interested in the above position click the link provided
Similar Jobs to Drilling Fluids SuperintendentLiveDrilling Fluids Superintendent >
> Job DescriptionURGENT: Drilling Fluids Superintendent- 12 Month Contract - Indonesia- Residential Role
Duration:12 Month Contract - Renewable
Working Week: 45 hour week
Location:Jakarta, Indonesia
Rate:Negotiable day rates dependent on experience and availability.
The Company
An Oil & Gas Super Major operating company with a significant project portfolio spanning across South East Asia
The Project
An offshore development well on a jack up rig, involving conventional drilling in high loss zones.
The Role
*Coordinate and supervise all well fluids, solids control and waste treatment activities
*Leader for all drilling fluids operations
*Manage day to day drilling fluids actions for conventional drilling program in high loss zones .
*Track and evaluate drilling fluids KPI's
The Requirements
*15 Years' experience working in the Oil & Gas industry
*10 years working with drilling fluids operations
*Past experience gained working for Oil & Gas operating company
*Preference will be given to candidates with first-hand knowledge of local region
*Excellent command of written and spoken English
If you are interested in the above position click the link providedType:
Short Term Contract / OfficeSalary: Not statedURGENT: Drilling Fluids Superintendent- 12 Month Contract - Indonesia- Residential Role
Duration:12 Month Contract - Renewable
Working Week: 45 hour week
Location:Jakarta, Indo...Posted: Thu 01 May at 12:00       Expires: Thu 29 May at 12:00LiveSenior Drilling Supervisor >
> Job DescriptionSenior Drilling Supervisors
- Deepwater - 5 Months Indonesia.
Location:Offshore, Indonesia
Rotation:28 / 28 (Equal Time)
Duration:5 Month Contract (April - August)
Rate:$1900 - $2300 / Day (Net of local Indonesian taxes)
The Company
A worldwide name (Super-major) in international Oil & Gas E&P; projects.
The Project
A Deepwater exploration well - conventional drilling from semi-submersible.
The Role
*To ensure that all drilling procedures are followed as directed and that they are conducted in a safe and productive manner
*To act as a direct report to the drilling superintendent
*Organizes and orders the necessary services and equipment to conduct drilling and testing operations
*Oversea the drilling contractors assigned to the well.
*Focus on casing running, cementing, subsea well head and BOP handling.
The Requirements
*15 years of experience in drilling and well operations
*In depth experience as a drilling supervisor on deepwater drilling projects
*Experienced gained working on Semi Subs and or drill ships (Floaters)
*Experience gained in SE Asian waters
*Valid (Indate) IWCF Subsea supervisor certificate
*Offshore Tickets (Bosiet and Huet)
*Excellent command of written and spoken English
Please send your latest CV through the link below.Type:
Short Term Contract / OffshoreSalary: $1800 - $2300 per daySenior Drilling Supervisors
- Deepwater - 5 Months Indonesia.
Location:Offshore, Indonesia
Rotation:28 / 28 (Equal Time)
Duration:5 Month Contract (April - August)
Rate:$1900 - ...Posted: Sat 26 Apr at 7:00       Expires: Sat 24 May at 7:00
Featured Recruiters
GOWell is an high-tech company that develops, manufactures and commercializes wireline logging tools with R&D groups based in Houston (USA) and Xi'an and Beijing (China) committed to finding innovative and highly reliable business solutions.
We strive to get closer to our clients and accordingly our growing footprint includes sales offices located in Houston, Dubai, Calgary, Venezuela and Baku.
For more information, visit our website:
Cenergy is a dynamic company that supplies expert workforce solutions to the oil and gas industry. We provide specialized energy personnel, safety solutions, inspection solutions, logistics and vendor management support.
We provide logistics assistance by meeting our clients' planning, dispatching and tracking needs for marine, air, and ground transportation.
Visit our website: .
Orion Group are one of the world's leading engineering recruitment agencies specialising in contract and permanent manpower for the majority of the world's largest energy specialists.
The group have 34 offices located internationally from Calgary and Houston to offices in the Middle East and Asia Pacific.
Visit Orion Group at .
© 2009-2014 oilandgaspeople.com
|