APP to restore a further one million hectares of forest in Indonesia | Packaging News | Jobs | Production | Design | Innovation
Tuesday 06 May
HOT TOPICS
You are here:
:
:
: APP to restore a further one million hectares of forest in Indonesia
APP to restore a further one million hectares of forest in Indonesia
April 29, 2014
Asia Pulp and Paper Group (APP) has announced a plan to restore and support the conservation of one million hectares of rainforest across Indonesia
Share Sign up to PN email bulletins Get the latest news
direct to your inbox
with PN's daily,
weekly and monthly
email bulletins.
Today's headlines
This initiative, which will restore rainforest four times the size of the Lake District, has been developed with input from stakeholders including WWF, Greenpeace and NGO members of APP’s Solutions Working Group.
The commitment takes the company beyond its legal conservation requirements, is approximately equivalent to the total area of plantation from which the company sourced pulp fibre in 2013.
This announcement comes just over a year after APP launched its sector-leading Forest Conservation Policy (FCP), which saw an immediate and permanent cessation of natural forest clearance across its supply chain.
Since then, the company has been working closely with NGOs and other stakeholders, and has carried out consultation on how it should prioritise restoration of important areas.
Aida Greenbury, APP’s managing director of sustainability, said the key to success of any efforts to halt deforestation in Indonesia is a landscape level approach to forest restoration and conservation.
“Land cannot be conserved or restored in isolation, the sustainability of the entire landscape must be taken into account and many stakeholders must be involved. We hope that by working with Indonesian and international stakeholders, as well as organisations such as WWF, The Forest Trust and Ekologika, our efforts will be much more effective.
“We believe that by assessing entire landscapes and creating clear tailor made objectives and strategies, the maximum possible level of conservation will be achieved, not just for natural forest in our concessions, but for areas around them as well.”
POSTED IN » , , , ,
abc1
Related Posts
May 6, 2014
Sappi Fine Paper Europe has expanded its weight range in its Algro Sol portfolio of release liners following the successful...
April 25, 2014
Starkraft, the Austrian kraft paper producer, will be presenting its new range of papers at Interpack, following its recent investment...
April 11, 2014
International Paper has restarted its coated paperboard machine at its Polish Kwidzyn mill after the completion of the machine rebuild
April 3, 2014
Sappi Fine Paper Europe, European producer of coated fine paper, has inaugurated the €61m transformation of its Alfeld Mill PM2...
Logging In...
Profile
or
Name
EmailNot published
Website
Comment
The conversation
Philip Chadwick on
Francisco Bernal on
Andy Kilfoyle - Selection Group on
The PN Poll
Should there be a 5p charge on single-use carrier bags?
No. There should be no charge at all
Yes. It's the right thing to do
Yes but there should be exemptions in some sectors
Loading ...
PackagingNews.co.uk Sponsors The Benson Group is the UK's fastest growing
company.
A major British manufacturer, The Benson Group employs around 790 personnel at four sites across the country. The Group expanded in 2005 to include the
brand, Medica.
The UK's leading label manufacturer
supplies a range of asset labels and barcode labels.
Enercon Industries are the global leaders in .
Our advanced range of
machines supply manufacturers all over the world in the food & beverage, pharmaceutical and agrochemical industry’s amongst others.
Just Shrink It are suppliers of quality
and stretch film products throughout the UK, including a range of .
Latest Articles
May 6, 2014,
May 6, 2014,
May 6, 2014,
Latest from PN Directory
PN’s Digital Editions
Read the print edition of Packaging News and its range of supplements online with our page-turn digital editions.Simply click on the magazine cover to see the full archive of PN's digital editions.
Copyright © 2011 - . .