ROR/Ruby on Rails Developer Job, Lahore, WebBase - ROZEE.PK
|
View all jobs from
ROR/Ruby on Rails Developer
,
Lahore
|    |    |
Your application has been submitted successfully. Employer may contact you on .
Not a Member?
Upload your CV to apply for this job.
Step 1/2: Upload Your CV
CV Uploading...
Already a Member:   Login below
Find people you may know at WebBase
Job Detail
More Jobs From:
Industry:
Functional Area:
Total Position:
2
Job Type:
Full Time/Permanent (First Shift (Day))
Job Location:
,
Gender:
Doesn't Matter
Minimum Education:
Bachelor's Degree
Degree Title:
Computer Science or related
Career Level:
Experienced (Non-Manager)
Minimum Experience:
3 Years (Minimum 3 years provable hands-on Ruby experience)
Salary Range:
PKR. 150,000 - 175,000/Month
Require Travel:
Not Required
Apply By:
Jun 2, 2014
Job Posting Date:
May 2, 2014
Jobs from Similar Employers
Job Description:
We are a US based start-up company with an established development team in Pakistan. We are in search of two highly talented Ruby developers to join the existing team, and work from our Lahore office - centrally located in Gulberg. As a Ruby Developer you will design and develop new features and new products working in an Agile development environment, using pair programming, two week sprint cycles and daily Scrum meetings. You will play an integral role in the team and will be a pioneer in our Pakistan office. We see ourselves as a rock-star team and are looking for highly talented and experienced developers with a proven track record, an ability to work to tight deadlines and a can-do attitude to join our organization. You will report directly to the CTO. Essentials Skills & Experience: • Must have good English reading, writing and speaking skills. • Minimum 3 years provable hands-on Ruby on Rails experience • Knowledge of NoSQL technologies (MongoDB/CouchDB) • Two years experience working in an agile/scrum development environment • Excellent communicator and team player • Develop well documented code that is reusable in a team environment • Comfortable with using Git for version control • Knowledge on how to make apps scalable - efficient querying, data indexing • Proven experience in using 3rd party APIs • Desire to learn and acquire new skills and knowledge of latest tech and frameworks (eg Unicorn, node.js), keen to share knowledge, and contribute to team Advantageous Skills & Experience: • Familiar with Sinatra and Event Machine • Experience with Go • Experience in managing junior developers • Excellent academic qualifications a major plus We demand excellence and walk the talk. The right candidate can expect to earn an attractive salary, plus benefits. If you're in the top 5% of developers you know, but don't have all the above experience, we'd still like to hear from you - there's always room for exceptional candidates. Technical ability will be tested. Apply now and make an impact. Hiring immediately. Salary: PKR. 150,000+ month & benefits.
Programming Languages, , , Tools, , , , Servers/Platforms, , , Source ControlsDatabases, , , , , , , , , Interface Protocols & Standards, , , Frameworks, , Processes, ,
ROZEE.PK
Would you like to receive free alerts for similar jobs?
Email:
Job Seekers
Send FeedbackWe would like to hear from you.
Copyright ©2014 ROZEE.PK - Jobs in Pakistan
- All Rights Reserved. - A Division of Naseeb Networks, Inc.
Reproduction of material from any ROZEE.PK pages without permission is strictly prohibited.
|
|
|
|