Japanese-speaking staff 日本語可能なスタッフ - JMT INDONESIA, PT (JAPAN) | jobsDB Indonesia
INDONESIA
Post Date 30-Apr-14
jobsDB Ref. JID200003001125834 Employer Ref.
JPST
JMT INDONESIA, PT (JAPAN)
PT JMT IndonesiaDelivering leading edge mobile-centric IT solutions to global market JM Technology Indonesia (registered in Indonesia as PT JMT Indonesia), a Jakarta-based subsidiary of Japan's JM Technology, Inc, and a part of Mamezo Group, listed in Tokyo Stock Exchange, is an IT solutions provider focusing on leading edge mobile-centric as well as web-based IT solutions based on Japan's advanced technology and deep knowhow.We at JM Technology Indonesia leverages high quality Indonesian IT talents and work directly with global engineering teams in Japan and therefore have direct access to Japanese technology and knowhow as well as the market.To know more about JM Technology Indonesia, please visit our website at http://id.jmtech.co.jp . Our office is located at 6th Floor of Sovereign Plaza, Jl TB Simatupang Kav 36, Jakarta Selatan (across the street from Citos).We are making positions available for young, highly skilled and experienced Indonesian programmers to work at our Jakarta office.URGENTLY NEEDED
Japanese-speaking staff 日本語可能なスタッフ
Job description/業務内容 : Help software development team understanding software specification and communicate with team members as well as customers in Japan / ソフトウェア開発チームが仕様書を理解したり日本側の開発チームや顧客とコミュニケーションしたりするのを支援するRequirements/条件 : Candidate should posses a working knowledge of Japanese dan Japanese language both oral and written /日本語と英語の口語及び書面の言語能力を有する Candidate should be familiar with computer and internet, and an interest in gadget as well as internet services is a plus / コンピュータ及びインターネットに慣れており、またガジェットに関心があればなおさら良い Candidate should possess inquisitive mind and “can do” attitude, able to work with full commitment to deliver the  job's target and deadline /探求心や「やればできる」という態度を持ち、目標と納期を守り責任を持って作業できる Candidates should be self-motivated and able to work well in a team and with minimum supervision /最低限の上司からの管理で自発的にチームで業務ができる How to apply/応募方法 :Interested candidates should send a comprehensive profile describing each skill/experience and attach a recent photograph to it. Include Skype ID in the email for inquiries. Only shortlisted candidates will be interviewed /各スキル及び経験を記載される写真付きの履歴書を送りご応募ください。SkypeのID及びメールアドレスも記載してください。厳正に書類審査を行った後、合格された応募者のみを面接させて頂きます。
Career LevelMiddle Yr(s) of Exp2 years QualificationDiploma IndustryInformation Technology Job Function >
>
Location Jakarta Selatan
SalarySalary provided
Employment TypeContract, Full Time, Permanent
Others
Recent Graduate will be considered
Benefits  Five-day work week Flexible working hours Medical insurance
-
is a part of , , ,
in  placed by . Keywords:
Tools
Copyright © 1998-2014, jobsDB Inc. All Rights Reserved.
|