Credit Risk Officer (Head Hunter) - PT Outsource Indonesia
Credit Risk Officer (Head Hunter)  -
Credit Risk Officer (Head Hunter)
Responsibilities
Qualifications:• Degree in Math/Economics• 2 – 3 years’ experience of working in credit risk assessment roles• Proven analytical and presentation skillso Able to forecast / compare changes to operational performance• Accuracy when overviewing loan application in order to detect and prevent fraudulent activity• Experience in the financial market, especially consumer credit• Fluent in Bahasa Indonesia and English (written and oral)
Requirements
Company Overview
PT Outsource Indonesia is a dynamic Business Process Outsourcing (BPO), Labor Supply and Payroll Outsourcing company in Indonesia with top-tier clients in the financial and services industries. Our Vision is to be the most trusted strategic partner in Credit & Risk Operation outsourcing by delivering long-term benefits and measurable value to our clients. Our best assets are people talent, established process framework, domain knowledge, IT and premises infrastructure. We offer customized services to provide flexibility and cost effective approaches of the highest quality to our clients. Outsource Indonesia is supported by a senior management team with a combined over 50 years of practical experience in the financial services, management consulting, decision analytics, and telecomunications sectors. Our clients are in the financial, education and service industries, including multinational banks and major domestic banks. We invite all prospective candidates who are interested to begin and grow their careers with us to apply. Available positions include management and support roles within Outsource Indonesia and/or its clients. May God bless your career choices!                                                           Please send your CV & Photograph:                    Jl. Bendungan Hilir Raya No. 78 Gd. Apotik Benhil Lt. 2 Jakarta Pusat 10210                               Or send your CV & photograph to: jobs@outsourceindonesia.com                                             Or registered at : www.outsourceindonesia.com                                           Note : Applications to our website will be prioritized                " Only short-listed candidates will be invited via e-mail/phone for Test and Interview "
Why Join Us?
Indonesia - Jakarta Raya - Central Jakarta
Min 1 year (Staff (non-management & non-supervisor))
Location MapPT. Outsource Indonesia, Bendungan Hilir, Jakarta, Indonesia
|  Advertised: 30-Apr-14  |  Closing Date: 30-May-14
>
> ,
• Copyright © 2014