Associate - CC Business Intelligence Analyst Job, Lahore, Mobilink GSM (PMCL) - ROZEE.PK
|
View all jobs from
Associate - CC Business Intelligence Analyst
,
Islamabad
|    |    |
Your application has been submitted successfully. Employer may contact you on .
Not a Member?
Upload your CV to apply for this job.
Step 1/2: Upload Your CV
CV Uploading...
Already a Member:   Login below
Find people you may know at Mobilink GSM (PMCL)
Job Detail
More Jobs From:
Industry:
Multinational
Functional Area:
Total Position:
3
Job Type:
Full Time/Permanent
Department:
CC Business Intelligence Team
Job Location:
,
Gender:
Doesn't Matter
Minimum Education:
Bachelor's Degree
Degree Title:
Holds at least a Bachelor's degree. Master’s in IT/Computer Science/Telecommunications will be preferred.
Career Level:
Officer
Minimum Experience:
3 Years (Have 3 years’ work experience in telecommunication systems or related business support functions with strong focus on the project management aspects.)
Apply By:
May 9, 2014
Job Posting Date:
May 2, 2014
Jobs from Similar Employers
Job Description:
The ideal candidate should:Holds at least a Bachelor's degree. Master’s in IT/Computer Science/Telecommunications will be preferred.Have 3 years’ work experience in telecommunication systems or related business support functions with strong focus on the project management aspects.Job Description:Utilize knowledge about business intelligence architecture for departmental projects using Microsoft technologies (SSIS, SSAS, SSRS).Develop dashboards, performance and budget reports using huge business data.Responsible for business process improvements, automation and process re-engineering.Perform system and process audits as well as data analysis, profiling and modeling.Reconcile data/systems and generate reports as and when requiredPlan and forecast business effectively through churn, segmentation based reporting/analysis.Essential Skills:MS SQL, SSIS, SSRS & SSASData Ware Housing/OLAP.Net TechnologiesAdvance SQL ScriptingMS Office SuiteExcellent analytical & statistical skillsGood communication skillsDesirable Skills:Oracle or SQL Certified will be preferredExcellent presentation, communication and documentation skillsFocused and well organizedProblem solving skills
ROZEE.PK
Would you like to receive free alerts for similar jobs?
Email:
Job Seekers
Send FeedbackWe would like to hear from you.
Copyright ©2014 ROZEE.PK - Jobs in Pakistan
- All Rights Reserved. - A Division of Naseeb Networks, Inc.
Reproduction of material from any ROZEE.PK pages without permission is strictly prohibited.
|
|
|
|